Ajei Gopal: So Jay, that's a long question. Let me try to address that -- address the second part first, and then I'll get to the first part. With respect to what you do in a COVID world, as you may have -- as I mentioned in my comments, we have a very large event Simulation World that we're running online. And that is, I think, one of the largest, if not the largest simulation event online. And we have a number of speakers signed up for that. We have, I think, over 10,000 people who have registered and the month is about -- and the event is about a month away. So there's a lot of interest in the technology and the capabilities. And obviously, we're driving demand from online events to -- excuse me, from in-person events to online events. With respect to our partnership relationships, we continue to drive our relationships with our partners and with our customers and the importance of what we do together remains unchanged. With respect to the first part of your question, the long-term view of our industry, I think it's important to note that the part of the industry where ANSYS lives which is simulation, we believe, is the most important aspect that customers are dealing with. They need simulation in order to be able to validate the design of the products to be able to design the products. Some of the other companies that you mentioned are in other parts of the end-to-end ecosystem. We're in the simulation space. And we believe that this is an extremely valuable part of the end-to-end ecosystem is something that customers do need. Now to your point about platforms, look, I think that there is some in the industry who believe that you need to have a single monolithic platform, which is a single source of truth and ideal single vendor monolithic environment. We don't believe that's the case. Our strategy is completely open. We believe instead in an authoritative source of truth, which is an ecosystem of open, federated and purpose-built domain-specific solutions, and we participate in that. And I think that's a much more realistic way of addressing the digital transformation needs of scale. It's not about picking one platform and locking a vendor or locking a customer into a particular platform, it's vendors like ourselves playing in an open environment, recognizing that we need to be in a position to support our customers as they understand how to create these complex products of the future.
Ajei Gopal: I think it's important to recognize that when you think about the actual linearity within the quarter of our business, most of it is back-end loaded. So the earlier part of the quarter, there's a lot of customer activity in terms of meetings and things of that nature. But in terms of actual closed contracts, that starts to come in towards the third month of the quarter. And what we're seeing in April, of course, is as customers were transitioning to a work-from-home model, there was obviously some disruption, I would say, March, as people were thinking through the transition process and trying to make sure that they could get there. But today, we are seeing a number of our customers working from home. Our teams are effectively working from home, we can engage. A lot of the challenges are around being able to do things like demos and so on in our ACE organization, which is our technical customer-facing organization is able to deliver those demos and those capabilities. So we feel very confident in our ability to continue to support our customers as they work from home and the activity levels that we're seeing are consistent with that.
Ajei Gopal: So, I think there are two -- there are a couple of things that I think are worth sharing. Number one is that some customers are not able to access physical labs or were not able to access physical labs. And as a result of that, physical experimentation is suffering. And obviously, simulation does not require you to access a physical lab. You can do all your work on the computer and in a work-from-home scenario. So that has clearly swings away from physical testing towards more simulation activity, and that's obviously a tailwind for us, and that's helpful. The other thing is -- and I think this has been very well established, part of the value proposition, what part of the value proposition of simulation is really being able to address cost, and in particular, you can reduce the number of physical prototypes, and you can test in parallel instead of serializing a sequence of events, you can test a number of things in parallel on the computer. And the fact that you can reduce cost is an important driver. And again, in these tough economic times, people are looking to reduce costs. And that, again, is a good guide to tailwind for simulation. So I'm pretty excited about those dynamics. Another point I'd actually like to make, which is kind of interesting is we've been able to deliver that unique pass situation as the pandemic as we've been able to deliver a number of simulation-based insights to out there. People have been using our technology to come up with ideas or assessments of things like social distancing, the creation of PPE, the creation of medical -- rapid creation of medical devices and a lot of that is being done because of the speed and the rating case at which of this work is being done, it was unexpected. A lot of that work is being done through simulation as well. And that also demonstrates the effectiveness of simulation if you start to think about the agility that we can bring to bear.
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think it's really very premature to talk about M&A, exactly what the long-term implication on M&A is going to be. Obviously, we continue to have a pipeline of customers of potential companies that we're continuing to evaluate. And we -- and b, we're evaluating those customers, I mean, if those companies, if you look at what we did with the acquisition of Lumerical, we just closed Lumerical a couple of -- a few weeks ago. During the lockdown period, we were able to onboard all their employees remotely. But we continue to engage with potential acquisition targets. We'll see what happens as the situation plays out.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you very much. So I'd like to close by saying that while there is uncertainty in the market, I know that ANSYS has the right team, the best products in the market and strong customer commitments. With our investments in infrastructure and collaboration technologies, the special accommodations for our customers and with our continued fiscal discipline, I believe that ANSYS is well positioned to help our customers during this critical time and well into the future. When this crisis is abated, I believe that we will emerge in an even better leadership position to make simulation pervasive across the product life cycle. I'd like to again acknowledge our more than 4,000 employees around the world who have managed to grow our customer base and support our existing customers during these challenging times. Thank you all so very much. We are ONE Ansys. And finally, I'd like to encourage all of you to join us online at Simulation World, June 10th and 11th. You can find more information and register on the ANSYS website or by going to simulationworld.com. And thank you for joining the call. Be safe and enjoy the rest of your day.
Maria Shields: And Jay, just one thing that I'll add to that is, as you spoke about, as we think about our own business and how our models will transition or our ways of interacting with customers, that is the primary reason that for the past several years, we have been aggressively investing in our own digital transformation so that we can enable automation and build a platform that will allow us to efficiently scale our business from $2 billion to $5 billion and beyond. So that is the primary driver of why we've been pushing so much of our own digital transformation.
Maria Shields: So Ken, just to clarify, I think you needed to take a look at prepared remarks again. What we said is we didn't see a material impact only in Q1. So if you look at our Q1 results, they came -- all of the key metrics came in at basically the midpoint or a little bit better than what we had forecasted when we gave guidance at the end of February. Now that being said, when we gave that guidance, we were basically assuming that COVID-19 was somewhat limited to China and perhaps South Korea. But just like everyone in the world, as March progressed, things got progressively worse as this really became a global pandemic. So as a result of that, a lot of stuff has changed in the past 6 weeks. And so that is why we've modified our full year outlook, which now does factor in what we believe is an elongated impact from COVID-19, the most dramatic being Q2.
Maria Shields: So I'd say it's a combination of -- yes, deals being pushed out as our customers are dealing with their own responses, but I'd say probably the majority of where we're seeing it, particularly in Q2 is at the SMB level; and so in two aspects.
Maria Shields: Small and medium business. Two aspects. One, some of those customers that traditionally were paid up customers are shifting towards taking a look at annual leases just because their access to capital is a little bit more constrained in this environment. And then just in certain cases, they're just delaying. So as we've modeled, as we've worked with our field teams, we believe the largest impact we're going to feel across the business is Q2. And if you recall, when we built our outlook for 2020, even before COVID, we were assuming a very back-end loaded year just because the timing of when those multiyear leases were scheduled to renew, largely in Q4 around customers' year-end purchasing cycles.
Maria Shields: So yes, if you look at for the full year, basically, we've reduced to revenue. Now we're at the low end 2% and at the high end 7% in constant currency, we ran a variety of scenarios. And if we also used what happened to our business in 2009 as another illustration of a global economic shock. And based on everything, all the scenarios that we came to, we believe that the current guidance that we provided is a good proxy for where we will end the year. And I will caveat that by saying that's based on everything that we know today. Should things transition either way, improve quicker than we've estimated or unfortunately detract, we will continue to -- as the rest of our software peers assess our business every single day and every single week, work our way through it. And then as we exit Q2, we will give you a fresh update on all of the data that we've collected during the second quarter.
Maria Shields: So -- yes. So what I'd say is the -- if you look at the linearity of any quarter, the third month is always the largest volume for leases and paid up. So relative to the decline is paid up, it shouldn't come as any surprise because if you think about a large impact on the business in Q1 was the COVID situation in China, and China today still is largely a paid up market. So when we see pressure on the business in China, you'll also see it reflected in the results in the paid up line.
Maria Shields: So Saket, what I'd say is, if you think about our customer base, you should really kind of bifurcate it. At the enterprise level, we are still seeing our large customers thinking long-term because R&D is really a long-term investment. And so an example that Ajei spoke to in his remarks is DENSO, a very long-standing customer that just entered into a 3-year multiyear lease. Where we're really seeing the biggest dynamic right now and what we built into our outlook for 2020 is that at the small-medium business level, that those customers are probably -- and we're seeing some of this going to choose an annual lease versus a paid up just given the current economic environment and their access to capital. But I will also just comment that today, the majority of our leases are still annual leases. That transition to multiyear leases has really been the journey at the enterprise and strategic level because that customer tends to think longer term than perhaps smaller businesses do.
