Ajei S. Gopal: Sure. Jay, thanks for the question. So, firstly, to your point about the large customer order that we closed in Q1, we're having a lot of success by going into existing customers, and broadening and deepening the footprint of our portfolio. In many cases, this is using our technology across different projects or in different areas or just frankly getting more people to take advantage of the technology. So, it fundamentally doesn't change the business model. It doesn't increase the level of services. It doesn't change the way we interact with those customers. So, we are continuing in a manner that's consistent with the way that we've historically been engaging with these customers, it's just that we're selling – we're able to sell more. Obviously, there is an investment in these accounts and that's the point about the field engineering or the presales activity that we talked about last year. And as we mentioned during our Investor Day, we have – we're looking at enterprise accounts a little bit differently from a territory accounts. And within the enterprise accounts, we're allocating additional resources for presales, and that's what's driving some of these cross portfolio successes. So, the investments that we're making – we have made and that we identified are paying off, but the business model is very consistent with what we've historically had. So, that's the first piece of it. The second one was – the second part of your question was in terms of our R&D priorities have these essentially – have we made progress across these adjacencies, absolutely. We talked – I talked in the call about Discovery Live, I talked about 3DSIM, I talked about autonomous, we've continued to make progress with these acquisitions across all of them. And equally in the digital twins space, and I didn't talk about that in the call, but we've certainly made progress along – across those. So, those reflect the adjacencies to our core business. We're continuing to invest in them, we see those as growth opportunities, and we feel confident that our approach is the right approach for us in the market right now.
Ajei S. Gopal: Sure. Look, we had – we made significant changes last year both in terms of leadership and the way that we were structuring the European region. And obviously, those changes take a while to settle down, which is essentially what you saw last year. And we're seeing significantly better performance and engagement, and we see this systemically as we start to look at things like pipeline, but we also see this when we look at large customer engagements, when we look at customer deal reviews, when I sit down with the team, when I sit down with Rick and his leaders, you can see that level of engagement increasing within Europe. Obviously, last year was a little bit weaker relative to – from a performance perspective. So, we're seeing a year-over-year benefit from the fact that we had some, I would say, pent-up demand that we were not in a position to or effectively capturing last year. So, I'm very excited about the performance. It's really hard for me to say, this percentage comes from economic improvements, this percentage comes from our improved execution. All I can say is our execution is definitely getting better. The teams are executing well. The customers are excited about our solution. And frankly we have, in my opinion, the best solutions in the market. As far as where we are, I mean, this is a journey. As you know, transforming any region is – it takes time, but we're well along the way. And what I had mentioned earlier last year was that we should expect to see improvement in recovery at the latter part of 2017 into 2018 and beyond, and we're on the track that we expected, perhaps a little bit ahead.
Ajei S. Gopal: Sure. In terms of early traction, as I said, it's still early days for some of these adjacencies. If you look at Discovery Live as an example, we've had a lot of customer interest and we've had downloads, we've had customer engagement, and we've had some important customers who have purchased the product and I mentioned one of them on the call. But that being said, that's coming off a zero-dollar base. And when you're a $1 billion-plus company, it isn't that material as you start to think about an individual product line that's brand new. So, we're very excited about it, but it's still relatively early in the process. If you look at additive, I mentioned again a customer who's been using our technologies to support additive, but we're releasing right now in this quarter a next-generation of our additive solutions. We think that's going to be a very strong solution. We're very excited about it. We're engaged in active conversations and frankly evaluations with a number of customers, both existing customers as well as new opportunities. But again, it's still relatively new. With autonomous and the automotive space, there I would say our conversations are pretty exciting. We get – every time we talk to customers about the holistic offering that we can bring to market, we get a lot of positive feedback from our customers. And we are engaged actually with some important customers in solutions around autonomous, in particular in the automotive space, although the technology is usable not just in automotive, in other autonomous vehicles as well. The OPTIS acquisition here really makes an incremental improvement to our overall capability because, as you know, for the sensor business in the autonomous space, you're not just relying on electromagnetics and radar, you're relying also on camera and LIDAR and maybe ultrasound. And frankly, with OPTIS coming onboard, we now have that. As I said in my script, we now have a comprehensive solution that goes across all of these different sensor modalities. So, I'm expecting more engagement. And one of the reasons why we're so excited about this acquisition is it fits so well into the ANSYS go-to-market routes. We already have many conversations taking place with customers around autonomous, in some cases we have sales, in some cases we have advanced discussions, some cases we have early prospects. The OPTIS technology will fill straight in and we'll drive it forward. The other interesting thing is our channel partners you find are very excited about some of the directions that we are going, both in terms of additive as well as in terms of autonomous. And of course, with Discovery, we have channel partners in some cases who have spun up individual organizations that are trying to focus on the go-to-market around Discovery as well. So, I would say it's still early stages. A lot of action, a lot of activity, but as I said in Investor Day last year, the whole idea here is we have our core business, our core business is powering through, it's driving our business forward, it's driving our growth. But these are incremental areas we're making investments and these investments will kick in some this year, but more next year and more the year after and more the year after that. So, we're building the long – we're expanding and growing the long-term franchise and the success of the company.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. So, that's – when we think about the engagement with customers, you have to consider our go-to-market and we've taken a very thoughtful approach to expanding our go-to-market. We have tens of thousands of customers around the world, and some of these customers tend to be very small transactional in nature. Some of them tend to be very deep and require – and spend enormous amounts of money. These are the largest customers in the world. And so, we've taken – as we mentioned, we were going to in our Investor Day, we've taken a thoughtful segmented approach to the go-to-market. That includes an enterprise – a global enterprise team that includes regional teams which deal with strategic and territory accounts, include – and then we have an inside sales organization in the regions. And then, of course, we have channel partners who engage and address – many of them address customers that we would never – we have never talked to and we don't have a relationship, but they have a relationship and they extend our footprint. In some cases, we work on a sell-through way with channel partners. In some cases, we work with channel partners and accounts. So, we have a nuance relationship with our channel partners as well. So, it's a pretty broad go-to-market. Where we are investing in our technical sales organization is to engage at the highest level in customers, with the largest customers, the enterprise customers, with some of the largest strategic customers. In many cases, there's a presales activity where we are able to explain to the customers how our technology would be relevant to solving some of their most challenging problems. In many cases, it's not anymore a question of, Gabriela, just a single physics. Whereas the previous sale may have been just around fluids or just around electronics or just around mechanical, in many cases, customers are thinking about multiphysics and we need to explain how the multiphysics solutions can be deployed. So, that's how that comes in. In many cases, customers are buying or are contracting with us to provide mentoring experts. So, they pay us and we place someone on their site to help them solve their problems at a greater level of detail, so – and that's sort of a solution selling process. So, we don't see sales cycles short – we don't see sales cycles lengthening. It's not like there's any fundamental change in the sales cycles, because what's happening is essentially customers are taking advantage of our existing technology in the flow of what they've historically been doing. The sales cycles aren't elongated, because we have to be consistent with the way in which they're building their product or their product lifecycle, and the natural ebbs and flows of their product lifecycle. So, that's what we've historically done. It's no different from what we've historically done, and we've been able to sort of engage in the same way even as we talk to some of these larger enterprise customers, and of course, you see the results. Last year, I talked about a $45 million deal. This quarter, we talked about a $50 million deal. We talked about a couple of deals over $10 million this year. So, you certainly see that in the results and the way the sales organization is engaging. I hope that helps.
Ajei S. Gopal: We don't really talk about pipeline on this by geography. Certainly, we don't talk about this in public. Obviously, our total pipeline is strong and it's because of the strength of the pipeline that we feel very positively about the business for this year, and that's – there really isn't any more color to add other than what Maria said, which is that in the second half of the year, that's when you'll expect to see some of the larger deals. Those larger deals tend to be in the North America and European base, some of them tend to be sort of electronics and semiconductor in nature as well, but that's the sort of the larger deal. And so, Q2 tends to be – Q2 doesn't have any – as we see it right now, any monster deals in place, but that's kind of how the total pipeline looks.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, we've continued to see strength in the automotive, as you can see from our breakdown by industry, we've continued to see growth in the automotive sector and that frankly is being driven by a number of factors. The most important of which, of course, is the electronification of the car. And so, we're getting engaged – historically, we were engaged in things like in structures and in fluid dynamics and combustion and so forth, and in aerodynamics. Those traditional areas of engagement have now been supplemented with new areas of engagement and we talk about chip package system. We talk about antenna placement on the vehicle as you think about onboard electronics. We're doing functional safety analysis now comprehensively with our medini solutions. We're generating embedded software for the automotive space. We're working with the supply chain on semiconductors for the automotive space. And of course, with OPTIS, we now have optical simulation and autonomous simulation capabilities that add to our existing portfolio. So, we continue to go, if you will, or have technologies that address some of the new challenges that they have, and that's reflected in the way that these automotive companies are engaging with us, moving from a history of just structures and then structures and fluid, now to the broader full suite of our offerings.
Ajei S. Gopal: There's couple of companies that have – that look at light, but what's interesting about what OPTIS is, OPTIS takes a physics-based approach towards light. And so, they look at incremental technology – they're bringing incremental technology into the ANSYS portfolio, that's very consistent with our physics-based approach. So, you'll see a couple of companies out there that do lights, and frankly, Synopsys acquired one of those companies a few years ago, and so they have a business around light. Some of the light – work is around sort of lighting, where you're looking at how the appearance of light is to the human eye in a simulated environment. And some of it is – but what's interesting about OPTIS and what we think is unique about OPTIS is, OPTIS has some really great technology that allows us to move into the autonomous space, because it's not just about the sensing of light, it's now about the use of optics and that same technology in sensors. So, for camera and for LIDAR which changes the market opportunity from a sort of a traditional illumination market into a much broader market that includes the autonomous space. So, that's what's unique about OPTIS and that's what we're so excited about OPTIS.
Ajei S. Gopal: I'm not quite sure exactly the question that you're asking. If you're asking can we take advantage – or do we work with customers who are building GPUs and looking at different processor technologies, absolutely, the answer is yes. If you are asking do we take advantage of the GPU in simulation solutions, the answer is absolutely yes, we do that, too.
Ajei S. Gopal: I believe that the answer is yes. And so, yeah, we are equally capable to address both GPU and CPU. I mean, obviously, as you know, we've made some investments in our SeaScape architecture and that's resulted in some of the next generation of our semiconductor products which are based on big data analytics, which allow us to deal with some of the massive scalability that we're seeing in these next-generation processor chips, whether they be GPUs or CPUs for that matter. And as a result of that, we can essentially reduce the time that is needed to be able to do sign-off. I mean, when you're dealing with billions of transistors as you might find, for example, in some of the largest GPUs, we can certainly do that using RedHawk-SC. So, we feel very confident that we have the ability to support our customers as they are looking at both – looking at these next-generation GPUs, which could be very sophisticated in terms of transistor count. And in fact, if you just think about it, nine out of the top 10 mobile CPU and GPU companies have invested in RedHawk-SC for their next-generation designs.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, we are very excited about our business as hopefully has come through in both our script as well as our responses. I think the business is off to an excellent start for the year. We built on a really strong year last year. And frankly, we're investing in the business to build the foundations for sustained growth as we've discussed. We continue to have investments that we need to make. We continue to have markets frankly which are looking very positive for us where we need to tap the markets. We need to bring new technology in place. We will continue to look at incremental M&A as makes sense within our business. So, we want to get to that point where we have the sustained business momentum, where we have sustained double-digit growth, and I think we still have some work to do. We are focused on our 2020 objectives. We're not changing those objectives. We're not bringing them in. But I have to say I'm very excited about the performance of the business so far. And I'm very excited about how the team has responded to some of the challenges that we've put in front of them.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, in terms of the pricing, it really depends on the packaging of Discovery Live. It can vary from the – and so, let's assume it's generally speaking on average approximately in order of magnitude less than our flagship products, but of course, there's an order of magnitude with more customers than our flagship products. We think our customers or the users of Discovery Live will fit in into two major categories. They'll be larger accounts, traditional customers of ours, where they're moving simulation more broadly outside of the traditional group that's been using simulation to the designers. And Discovery fits in directly into our existing go-to-market motion into those customers, where these guys will – where our sales team will be able to engage with the same individuals with whom they've been engaged with for years and be able to sell Discovery into that. And we're seeing – we're certainly seeing that happen, we're seeing that in the pipeline, we're seeing that in the activity in the field. So, that's one go-to-market motion to one class of customer. There's a second class of customers who are frankly new to ANSYS. These are people who are – may not necessarily have used simulation that much, may have learned about simulation, may have – these may be smaller organizations, and that lends itself to the channel as well as to inside sales. And in some cases, it's our existing channel, and in some cases, it might be new channel partners, because they're reaching down to a level that's below where ANSYS has historically been playing. And in that situation, you have a different go-to-market that we're developing, that's wrapped around the inside sales and the channel partner. Both of those are important routes to market for us, and we are evaluating the level of activity across both of those go-to-markets.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, I think the thing to realize is that, in many cases, we're fortunate that our products kind of work without the need for major services in a customer. So, we don't need to pay for a lot of people into a customer environment to make a product work, the products kind of work. They do what they are supposed to do and they work. In some cases, we have embedded experts who can help our customers pull together maybe an integrated workflow or figure out how you can drive some of these connections across multiple physics, and we charge for those. So, those are not free resources, we charge for those, and these are skilled individuals and we charge in appropriate and commensurate price for those – the time for those skilled individuals. And of course, we have some customers maybe who need a little bit more, and in many cases, our channel partners are able to provide the services that's around that, that might be at a – and they can certainly manage a different margin structure within the context of our channel partners. And we have channel partners, of course, around the world and they all have different business models. But no, we're not trying to build a big services business here. The embedded experts really help and facilitate the adoption of our technology, and we feel that the embedded experts also give us direct customer access on an ongoing basis. But it's very much on an as-needed occasional basis. This is not a pervasive deployment of people within our accounts.
Ajei S. Gopal: I'd like to close by expressing my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners, and frankly a big shout out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you guys for all your efforts and thank you so much for another fantastic quarter. For everyone else, thank you so much for joining the call today. I look forward to our next call, and please enjoy the rest of your day.
Maria T. Shields: So what I'd say, Sterling, is the guidance, in line with what I talked about on last quarter's call, is largely the pipeline and the renewals of larger deals for 2018 is skewed towards the back half of 2018. So, I would say, right now, based on everything that we have, Q2 is not being driven by any significant deals and certainly nothing like the deal that we talked about for Q1. So, we have a strong pipeline, we've got a lot of work to do, but Q2 is not being driven by large deals.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So, Sterling, what I'd say is when – on the last call, what we talked about, one of the areas of disproportionate incremental investments, to Ajei's earlier comment, in 2018 is around AEs and our field engineering team to support not only larger accounts, but the whole change in our go-to-market. So, not – like many other companies right now, it's a very challenging talent environment. So, we have an aggressive plan to hire. We were a little bit behind in that plan in Q1, but we certainly are not slowing down any of our recruiting activity. And we will continue to march towards our hiring plan for 2018, because it's important to set the stage for 2019 and beyond.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. I would say the main change in seasonality under ASC 606 will be – you'll see it in Q4 because, as I mentioned earlier, given the strength of the pipeline and the timing of some of these large deals, under ASC 606, you will see a lot more impact on revenue in Q4 than you historically would have under ASC 605, where some of these multiyear deals were all spread. You would have seen it in the old bookings metric. Now, you will see a portion show up in revenue that didn't historically under ASC 605. That's the only change that we see right now from a seasonality perspective.
Maria T. Shields: So, Gabriela, I'd say you would probably see something similar to Q1. The reality is, our spend is disproportionately around people, so to the extent that – I mentioned, we are aggressively continuing to recruit and to hire according to our plans, but to the extent that we outperform on the top line, there is a high likelihood just given the leverage in our model that we will see that drop to the bottom line as well and help on the earnings side. That being said, we want to continue, as we committed at Investor Day, to invest in our business. Because right now is a tremendous time that if we set the foundation is what is going to enable us to get to our targets for 2020, but more importantly to continue to drive growth in this incredible franchise. The time is right. So, disproportionately just driving growth at the – for short-term results at the expense of the long-term opportunity, it's just not worth it for us.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So, Monika, relative to OPTIS, here's what I'll say. Let's just talk about its impact on consolidated results. It is going to be dilutive in 2018, largely due to we're not assuming any revenue synergies for 2018. We've got some upfront integration costs. As you can imagine, they were a private company. They did not have U.S. GAAP accounting. So, speaking to what their revenue growth might have been would be completely inappropriate, because it's under methods of which I'm not – I can't have any confidence how it translates to U.S. GAAP. So, there will be some also slightly lower interest income and slightly higher share count from the usage of the capital to acquire the OPTIS technology. But that being said we've assumed $25 million to $26 million, which covers both ASC 605 and ASC 606 for the remainder of this year. And as I said, we are optimistic relative to 2019 that the OPTIS business will be creative on a total basis to ANSYS' stand-alone and net. The opportunity that we see to bring OPTIS into the ANSYS fold and do what we've done with many, many acquisitions over the past almost 20 years now that have incredible technology and talent, and we can leverage our global distribution and our infrastructure and financial discipline to make it even better than it could be on a stand-alone basis is a tremendous opportunity that we see ahead for 2019 and beyond.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. No. So, Ross, last call when we looked out and we gave our guidance for 2018, we were guiding non-GAAP operating margin of 44% to 45% for the ANSYS business. Now we're guiding 44%. So, OPTIS is about 1% dilutive, it would be 45% without OPTIS.
Maria T. Shields: Hey, Steve. That deal, under ASC 605, there was no perpetual component. That's a multiyear deal and it's all ratable under ASC 605.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much. Maybe just a first one on your ACV growth for the year, 14%, I think you said 11% constant currency. Maria, I wondered if you could also provide that on an organic constant currency basis ex-OPTIS.
Ross MacMillan: Perfect. And then one bigger question just for Ajei. Just when I think about your semi footprint, I'm just curious, is there more you can do in GPU versus CPU simulation, and can you do that organically? Thanks.
Ross MacMillan: Yeah. No, the question was more your solutions for the semiconductor industry, you'd obviously made some historic acquisitions and I'm just – I'm not clear as to whether your solutions that you have in market today are equally as applicable to GPU design and simulation as they are to CPU design and simulation.
