Ajei Gopal: As far as Discovery is concerned, as I've said in my comments, we're very excited about what we have in terms of the technology and obviously we're taking it to market, both, directly through our sales force, as well as in conjunction with the OEM that we have with PTC. PTC recently announced it's new product, it was announced last week there was a webcast -- webinar yesterday I think that 2,000 customers or 2,000 individuals had signed up for that webinar as well. So there is obviously a lot of excitement in the PTC customer base as well for that. So we're very excited about it, we see 2019 as essentially a validation year; we don't really see this as being a big revenue here yet, this is not -- this is still early stages for a product which I think is transformative whether the fact is in our market it takes a while for product to get to gain momentum. So we see this as a building year and we'll continue to come out with new versions of the technology, PTC will continue to improve their product with the integration of our technology into it. We'll learn this year and I'm looking forward really next year to seeing some more tangible results from a revenue perspective.
Ajei Gopal: A couple of quick comments about large deals. Firstly, large deals don't just happen by themselves, they happen as a result of a long-term relationship between us as a company and the customer, and that's a relationship that takes years to develop, and it's a relationship that we pride ourselves on and we maintain because of the levels of investments we're making both in our product, as well as in our technical capability with customers; and so that's one important aspect of those relationships. And as the $59 million deal that we talked about is from a long-standing customer of ours, as an example. And the second thing is what we're seeing is many of these large deals are obviously not just single product deals, these are -- these pull together multiple products from multiple product lines, and so they are essentially multi-physics deals. And that's really important for us because when we think about the direction where some of these large companies are going, they are looking at more challenging problems, they are looking at more, they are looking at solutions which require necessarily this multi-physics analysis [indiscernible]; and so that's another element as well of some of these large deals. And so when you think about the pipeline that we're seeing for this year for some of the larger deals, we're kind of backend focused -- we're backend loaded this year, so a lot of activity is happening in the latter part of the year, Q4 is obviously going to be a heavier quarter much like Q4 in 2018 was a heavier quarter, and that's also part of the way that we're thinking about the year. So we have visibility into the pipeline, we have been developing these deals and these relationships with customers, and as I said, the relationships take years to develop, and this is part of the cadence that we're building into our business as we go forward understanding how to manage these large deals, to understand what they look like in the pipeline, make sure that we can bring the relevant sets of solution to bear with both, our sales organization or the technical organization, and then slotted-in [ph] from an execution perspective.
Ajei Gopal: So, we currently go-to-market as you said, you rightly pointed out with the network of cloud-hosting partners who are essentially around the globe, and they provide turnkey access to the ANSYS portfolio. So our cloud-hosting partners take advantage of whatever public carve [ph] infrastructure they choose to use. The customer works with them and they are able to work with both, ANSYS technology, as well as third-party technology and offer that as a -- essentially as a cloud solution. So they serve as the cloud partner, if you will, for the customer and the customer directly works with them. And that's a great partnership with us and the cloud-hosting partners that's been working very well. What we've done with the ANSYS cloud is, we've taken a slightly different approach; and here now within -- directly within our flagship products initially with fluent in mechanical, you can directly access the HPC capabilities in the cloud, in this case, the [indiscernible] cloud. And so it's completely seamless, it's completely built into the UI, and you have an option, when you're using the product to then choose to use the public cloud which essentially provides seamless HPC for our customers. And obviously that provides -- that makes the cloud a little bit more accessible, it provides convenience because customers or engineers can -- without having to leave the environment that they work in every day, they can enlift this additional compute power without even being an expert in HPC, and obviously this makes HPC easier to use and we're excited about that. And in the coming months we'll be adding more services and capabilities to the ANSYS cloud. It dovetails nicely with what our public -- with our cloud hosting partners, what they provide, and we're excited about providing our customers the choice of how they want to take advantage of the public cloud.
Ajei Gopal: Sure. As you well know that these larger deals as I mentioned, already -- these larger deals do include multi-physics deployments or multi-physics -- I mean the multi-physics in nature. I would say that for our largest 100 customers, most of them probably have three or more products from three or more physics if you will, installed; and I'm taking advantage of them. So I would say that it's a pretty broad penetration of multi-physics into the largest 100 customers. That being said, I think that the market for simulation is still -- it's still early stages because when you think about where the use of simulation is even at the very large customers, there is plenty of opportunity to continue to increase the use of simulation. In our strategy for simulation and the use of simulation is to make it more pervasive. Historically, it's obviously been used in the validation phase and even there I think we're under-penetrated but if you start to think about the opportunity going upstream to the designers and then downstream into manufacturing and operations, I think we have a significant opportunity. And we're seeing that because with some of these larger deals, yes, there is improved sales execution, obviously there is improved sales execution but it's also the case that the customers need the technology, right; no one would be buying things if they didn't need it. The customers need the technology because we're able to demonstrate the value of the technology in different used cases, and to addressing different customer needs, and that's translating into greater demand for our offerings. And so you see with these large deals; these are customers we've had for a number of years and then we continue to expand the footprint and the penetration into those organizations and I don't believe that we're reaching an asymptote [ph] or anything of that nature. So we're excited about our future, we're excited about the opportunity in front of us.
Ajei Gopal: Sure. I think the further importance and I couldn't tell you exactly what was happening in 2017 versus 2018, but essentially what we did is -- did a pretty deep segmentation of our customers and separated them into different categories if you will. There is a segment of our customer base where we directly address the customer through the ANSYS direct sales force, and these tend to be the largest of customers. And typically, you'll have an account manager looking after a small number of one customer with technical support, and this is where a lot of the large deals come from. We also have what we call -- we also have territory sales individuals who are not focused on the largest accounts and we have what we call a momentum sales motion or which is more transactional in nature. And these are the next-generation or the next level if you will of customers where the coverage is less, it's not so much one-to-one, it's less, single sales individual may cover several different accounts or we would have channel partners who are then working with us to also cover accounts. And so through the combination of channel partners and territory sales we're able to cover some of these accounts. We also have invested in inside sales, and our inside sales activities is doing well, and we're able to then not just create inside demand, it's not just an organization to set up meetings but we have an organization that can actually close business telephonically through our inside sales organization. Obviously, that is -- those tend to be smaller deals but some of them are very nice deals as well. And so that combination of being able to go direct to larger organizations with more focus, being able to manage the territories effectively, and leveraging the channel partners and leveraging inside sales to be able to scale the transactional aspects of a business is really what's been contributing to our success on both fronts, on the large enterprise side, as well as on the smaller enterprise side. As we look, as we go forward into 2019; the challenges for the sales organization obviously are -- we have two new acquisitions in the form of Granta and HELOC, we're integrating them into the sales organization into a better market motion, that technology will be available to obviously our direct sales people, as well as to our channel partners to be in a position to take to market; so we're excited about that work, and that means integrating the technical sales organization as well, as well as teaching our sales organization. Outside of that, the same structure that I described namely going after large enterprise customers being able to manage the momentum accounts that remains in place as we think about our business in 2019.
Ajei Gopal: Our approach for Discovery has been two-fold; one is that we think that it could be customers -- we've historically had larger customers who are taking advantage of Discovery; although it may be -- excuse me, it may be a different user base within that large customer. So it may be a different cadre of users who have not historically used the ANSYS flagship solutions but who do -- who could benefit from the use of simulation. So even though it would be the same large customer, it would be a different user within that. And we're seeing that certainly within our own go-to-market with Discovery but we're also seeing that as you think about some of the conversations we've been having with our colleagues at PTC in terms of how they're thinking about positioning Creo Live as well. And then the other area that we think that we will be able to bring in customers is customers have historically not necessarily been ANSYS users who tend to -- who are smaller, haven't found -- haven't felt that they could manage to use of simulation even though they would benefit from that, and we believe that there is an opportunity there as well. And that's -- I would say that that's harder for us to quantify right now but that's also an opportunity that we are excited about.
Ajei Gopal: And I think Jay the other part of your question was around our investments in our technical capability -- customer-facing capability, our ACE organization. And yes, it continues to be an area that we are making investments, and you'll see that if you look at our -- go online and look at the kinds of people that we're looking to hire, and we're making investments in our ACE organization, essentially across the product portfolio across the world. Obviously, we've got some new talent coming in through the acquisitions of Grant [ph] and HELOC, and those individuals will obviously join the company and will be central of course as we start to expand in those areas as well. So there will be expansion in our ACE capabilities in 2090.
Ajei Gopal: No, I think there is obviously a great execution in North America and there has been a lot of large deals, activity as well as that we've mailed to drive from North America. And I think to a certain extent the -- just given the nature of some of these large deals, these tend to be long-term customers, have historically been with us for a long time; that's been -- we've been able to build on that given the way the North America team has been laid out. But no, I think from a market demand perspective and what customers are looking for, it's kind of -- you would expect the same sort of thing from customers whether they are based headquartered in North America, whether they are headquartered in Europe or whether they are headquarter in Asia. And I think that the execution aspects of the North America business has also been very strong.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Andrew. So 2018 was another outstanding year for ANSYS with strength across all of our key financial metrics. We improved our go-to-market execution and we broadened our product capabilities. These important accomplishments continue to move the business in the right direction and give us confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. We look forward to another exciting year-end 2019. In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their support, and a shout out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you all for your efforts and thank you for another exceptional quarter, and an exceptional year. Thank you all for joining the call today, and I look forward to our next call. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Maria Shields: Yes. Ken, I'd say the biggest headwinds on the margins are for the dilutive impact from the two acquisitions that Ajei spoke to in his remarks. As you can imagine, most of the acquisitions that we're looking at -- particularly, the smaller tuck-in have no margin structure that's near ours [ph], so -- but there are important technologies that advance our roadmap and extend our multi-physics capabilities. So we will be making some investments relative to integrating those two acquisitions, and as a result of the capital deployed, as well as those integration investments, we'll have dilution in 2019 and we'll see them becoming more creative to profitability as we head into 2020. Additionally, from the core business we are continuing to invest in the business, and in talent, R&D, AEs [ph], field engineers, and infrastructure to continue to be able to scale the business over the long-term.
Maria Shields: Yes. Sterling, relative to the contribution to ACV in 2018, from the acquisition it was $25 million.
Maria Shields: Yes. So Saket, as you saw in the materials, it's a 4-year deal with annual payments and that first payment will come into 2019.
Maria Shields: Ross, relative to our outlook for 2019 I would say we have forecasted based on our visibility in the pipeline as it exists. And no doubt we are going to be a little bit prudent as it's just the beginning of the year. And similar to what we experienced in 2018, given that the majority of those large transactions are currently forecasted for Q4, we want to build in a little bit of conservatism if you will. That being said, relative to that $59 million deal in particular, we did not include it in our guidance because at the time that we gave our outlook back in November there were still a number of moving parts relative to that deal, including some competitive dynamics that quite frankly could have easily made that a Q1 deal. And given the size of it, particularly, the impact under ASC 606 with $30 million of revenue and $0.28 of earnings, to the extent that it had closed in Q1 it would have just left too big a gap; so the downside risk was not worth trying to be aggressive on forecasting that deal. The reality is we're still in the learning stages relative to the particular predictability of these. And as it becomes more and more of an ongoing part of our business and we learn more about exactly different personalities that have different perspective on closing, we'll get better at it but for now we are going to build a little bit of caution into -- to our outlook so that we don't have any downside surprises.
Maria Shields: Yes. So Jay, let me take your first question relative to our plans, relative to investing. Our 2019 plans currently anticipate adding about 300 new employees to the organization throughout 2019. As of the end of January, we've got about 176 positions open for hire across the globe. Other things that I spoke to earlier, we will be absorbing the two recent acquisitions which will require some additional integration cost in 2019. And then as you just heard -- as you just mentioned, we do have a number of infrastructure investments, not necessarily data centers, certainly some of our own HPC capacity, internally, but most of our investments around talent and additional costs that come with talent relative to licensing around digital technology that they're leveraging, and we're also investing in our own digital technology to really be able to automate and scale our processes consistently across the globe.
Maria Shields: Monika, so I'd say, as you think about cash flow for 2019, there is a few headwinds that we're facing in addition to the additional taxes from the ASC 606 format. We've also got a headwind of about 1% to 2% from currency, and the two acquisitions that we did are expected to be dilutive to cash flow in 2019. If you think about relative to quantification of the tax impact, our tax rate in 2018 was about 18% for the full year, and we're guiding to 21% to 22% for 2019, so that's really kind of the differential in tax payments relative to ASC 606 as we had into 2019.
