James E. Cashman: Understood. Actually, I would not really treat service as a leading indicator, because over last -- I think last few quarters, we've talked about evolving the services business. Basically, we've got a really powerful channel that does a lot of the traditional bodies for hire, project type of work and things like that. And -- but we've been trying to evolve toward the, what I'd say, not services as a leading indicator but services as a future enabler of capabilities, which really gets to how do companies more effectively utilize the new levels of simulation that are available out there. And that's turned out that, that's actually required a lot of methodology workflow, just not utilization of the tools, but embedding the utilization of the tools into the workflows of companies and helping them kind of evolve their own engineering processes while, of course, maintaining their own product qualities internally. And so that's going to be -- that's actually going to be a multiyear, a couple of year kind of evolutionary step, but that's kind of the buildup. So you'd actually see kind of a -- more of a cross-over in there. So I'd say, if you look at the numbers right now, don't treat it as a leading indicator. But it is something that's -- independently, you would probably see that we would want to be building up as a result of some of the new capabilities we've put out are really pretty unique out there and it takes companies a while to actually fully embed them in their design processes.
James E. Cashman: Well, there are some and in these times when people get a little bit more nervous, there is that kind of a characteristic. However, you also see a couple of other things where -- with Apache, some of those tend to be longer term leases and therefore, that's why you've seen -- I realize you broke between the short and the long-term base, but that contribution plays a lot. And also some of those longer term leases are things that we just started to look at from an overall ANSYS standpoint. So I think those will cause -- but we didn't see anything that really drove outside of expectation for us, following kind of a usual burn down during the Q3 quarter, but again, the highest deferred balance we've had at this point in our history, at this point of the year, I mean, I'm sorry.
James E. Cashman: Well, obviously, some of those -- in fact, I was over in Japan just recently and I'll just say that those kind of conversations are ones that they normally don't -- they won't bleed their heart out internally. But they're going through a lot of issues, there actually are some significant layoffs. The general tenor I've got is that Japan is not sending signals that they're officially leaving the electronics business. However, they're trying to do some stabilization right now and that's translating into a cautious environment where they're really kind of realigning their assets and then looking how they're going forward. So the general tenor was that they're -- like I've said, they're not vacating the space, albeit, they have felt some pressures that are pretty well covered in the press, but they still got some pretty significant talent and assets and company there. So at least there are long-term prospects with us at least seem reasonably good. I think they'd have a chance for rebound on that
James E. Cashman: Well, Greg, just before you go, I'm sorry, I thought you were finished. I didn't mean to cut in. But keep in mind that Apache had 2 months in the comparable year of last year and 3 months this year. I don't know, that may explain a lot. Because apart, the performance has been pretty much on target and pretty linearly increasing. I think that may identify most the difference.
James E. Cashman: Well, I have to say that, based on anything that's short-term happening right now, I mean I got to tell you, my finance colleague may wring my neck here, but it really doesn't change the long-term perspective. And share repurchase is always -- is something that we're taking to account because, a, we think it's a good investment, it's a good use of cash, I mean, and we're also mindful of judicious use of the stock, in terms of our employee retention and building what we've done over the last decade. From the M&A standpoint, there's really nothing that changed there. The one thing that changed really is, as time builds up, our capacity actually increases. If you look at the combination of the cash flows and cash in multiple parts of the world. And to us, it continues to be a -- basically, an inexorable push to get the technology continue to a level where our vision wants to drive it, and a lot of that we do with our internal investment. But if we can find the right acquisition, that fits in at the right time, it gives us a big leg up on the technology, with already proven customer base and, by the way, and Maria and I were mentioning about the 100 people because you know we're maybe a little picky on the team we build and gain those people. Well, with the acquisition you also tend to pick up a lot of already proven, well-oiled people. So both of those things really -- regardless of what might happen in the short term, I mean, it might tackedly [ph] impact our interaction in many one month or so, but over the long haul, that really doesn't change, really, anything that we've been saying for many, many years.
James E. Cashman: No, really I have to say there is -- right now, there's no change. I kind of maybe try to harken back to what happened in 2009, where even at this point in time we saw no change. And if conditions dictate it, they might push toward a short-term lease kind of standpoint. At that point in time, there were lots of requests for discount. But our pricing has been very stable. The customer reaction to the pricing has been stable and so, really, there's not just -- there's really not a lot of change on any of that aspect. Of all the things we're dealing with, that probably is not even in the upper half of the issues. It is really the overriding message, I don't want to beat this to death, but I guess I will anyway, is that there's just a lot of things where people are exerting a lot of caution right now and it's like nothing's disappearing, but everything is dragging out. And like we said, we perceptibly saw that even toward the latter part of Q3 and all intents we see going into Q4. If it turns out that something magically happens, I mean, we're seriously -- we have no problem harvesting that. But again, we built kind of history here of talking about what we see and what we're really seeing. We try to do that in our 2012 Q4, as well as our -- the statement of the 10% to 14% growth in 2013.
James E. Cashman: Well, keeping -- actually, great question and I'm going to give you an extended answer. So as we've always talked, it usually takes about a year before the lead channels get certified, both from a business model and a technical excellence standpoint. So if you look at it now, about 3, 4 years into the End Soft [ph] acquisition, we've got channels that are making positive contributions into that. Now by contrast, with Apache, for instance, which has only been on board for a year, actually we've been going a little bit slower on that because it is a much more concentrated user base and we're able to actually address that more from an account standpoint than from a regional channel standpoint. We'll be able to enlarge that over time, but I think we've already seen that we've been able to maintain and actually grow the prospects there. And frankly, it will be similar thing with Esterel. A very small company, a very good company, but a new emerging technology base for us. And then as such, we're not going to unleash all of that on a team that would be -- might have difficulty supporting all the requests that came in with their relatively small staff. So again, it's been made very evident, as soon as we announced that we had some customers who actually calling in, asking for greater clarity, I mean, there were people that it immediately resonated with and so we're thinking much more of a rifle shot along that path. But we utilize the same methodology. But people will have to learn a new branch of simulation technology, they'll have to actually pass technical certification and then they'll have to present a business case that doesn't show -- that basically shows how they get the same commensurate, disproportionate growth that we're expecting from it. So it's going to be the same thing, but again, these are multiyear kind of standpoints. But to close on your specific is, yes, we're already seeing the impact of that earlier heavy lifting in the early parts of our Electronics Simulation business, with the End Soft thing and on a rifle shot basis, we're starting to see some traction and co-selling between Apache and ANSYS customers. In fact, one of our top 5 accounts right now is a very significant, mutual legacy customer of each that where we continue to grow.
James E. Cashman: Well, again, it was a definition -- obviously, if you have more business, you close less business. But what I'm saying is, the closed rate normally is saying, here's what we're forecasting for this customer here, here's what the forecast says and here's what we have to do to make that happen. The things that come in from the earlier quarter -- I'm sorry, from outlying quarters, are things that are normally brought in by the customer and while you got a historical norm that says, this typically happens in this typical kind of economy, and that's what we kind of factor in for the year. You don't have -- you don't necessarily have that, any of those discussions that are going on, in the middle of the year. They start to trickle in at the beginning of Q4, when companies get a chance to see what they're doing, and then outlying their overall prospects. And all I'm saying is that, that part of the things that are being pulled forward, actually more by the customers than by our efforts. Those things -- their caution is translating basically into the absence of that kind of activity. And that's really the difference of the story right now.
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, yes, Europe was doing pretty well and basically it's a testament to 2 things, we got really some good customers there and our team performed admirably in there. Yes, we did. The one thing that maybe doesn't come out in there, I'd say that every part of the globe, it wasn't like one -- every part, any one part was monolithically great, and the other part was monolithically bad. It was really more along the lines that each one had big pockets of strength and that, frankly, some of the parts of Southern Europe, which are relatively smaller ones for us, they felt some of the pain. But Europe, the team there is strong. They did a good job. The customers there are great for us, too. Now if we move into 2013, the first thing I'll put is a big caveat on there saying, keep in mind Q4 this year isn't over. We're still doing a lot of the final planning. So I mean a lot of this is getting into a level of precision that would be far beyond what we've really honed it down to. However, we are taking a more sober look toward Europe, looking at it being roughly equivalent, a little bit tougher, I mean, and then right now, who knows, on what can happen to the currency and things like that. That we're really trying to build that. If you look at that, the bulk of -- when I talked about the currency headwinds that we ate throughout this year, oh my gosh, the lion's share of them, I mean, a strong majority of those were European, that came in. And nevertheless, they still posted pretty good. But so, those things can blow a lot of different ways, but we're not expecting -- let's put it this way, at best, we're not expecting anything a lot more promising out of Europe.
James E. Cashman: Well, the current usage trend is, our main customers actually are increasing licenses. However, one trend, that we -- and we've actually I think we've chalked off now, this maybe the fourth quarter is there is a definite increasing trend toward High Performance computing licenses which, again, somewhat analogous to as opposed to buying a bunch of extra computers, buying a bunch blades of to shove into the system to get additional computation along. There are probably 3 major reasons why people are doing this. A, is they're being a little cautious in the hiring of new potential users. Second of all, they're actually solving -- trying to solve bigger problems than traditionally they use to let prank [ph] on different clusters or unit processors. And probably, the third one is, in some of the -- the third case we probably see is when they're – under a lot of pressure either to hit a design cycle, a date, or hit some kind of a design goal and the calendar is a big enemy. But I'd say right now, at this point in time, the intensity factor, the high performance computing factor is outgrowing the just the pure base C cal [ph] even though that is also growing, but it's skewed toward the more intensive usage.
James E. Cashman: Well, like I said, they've all been pretty much on par, they're all pretty much with the company. So I mean, if you looked at -- I think we mentioned that, for instance, both -- all of the aspects kind of grew double digits and each of the geographies grew double digits in constant currency. And we only don't do a lot of constant currency split on some of the business line things because just the way we track them. But you probably look at that kind of a double-digit, really, kind of across-the-board, it wasn't like there were any extreme laggards or people that were way outside the norm.
James E. Cashman: Well, definitely really not former. I'd say, at any one time, I'd say that there's always 1 or 2 competitors that cycle in and have relatively high points. Sometimes it's numbers -- growth numbers look bigger off a lower denominator, there are a lot of things. But in terms of the competitive environment and then actually, let's just say, published numbers versus anecdotal numbers, really, don't see much change.
James E. Cashman: Again, you're probably getting to a level of granularity that where we really aren't. I think that you would -- we continue to see trends where the top 100 probably grow a little slightly disproportionately because they are on the rapid acquisition part. But by the time you span it over the entire business, it really doesn't move a dial in any big direction.
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, first of all, the second thing is we've been talking about still investing for the long-term because -- but the other thing, the main important part is that you got a blending with some of the -- first of all, you've got a blending with the lower margins as a result of some of those business we talked about, over a couple year period, will blend in there. The second thing is, quite frankly, the share count increases also, the diluted share count it cuts up, so with more accounts, the EPS goes in. Which, is one reason why we talked about -- that's one of the reasons why we have had an active buyback period, which we took advantage of this particular year and things like that. So the other thing is on the margin, keep in mind we had guided this year to the 48% to 49% level and then, of course, on numerous parts of this call, we talked about -- first of all it's difficult to hire those top decile type of employees. Now we have been bringing them on, albeit, slower. But the thing that will probably factor in is that, if you look at 2013, we will have those employees for a full year where we might have only have them for 1/4 to a 1/3 to 1/2 of the time we expected to have them that year. That tends to bring up the personnel costs also. But it's really a good story, it's actually, frankly, we wish we've had been able to get some of those people earlier.
James E. Cashman: Well, the caution spans the globe, first and foremost. So I might say that, that's the theme, that's the general theme. Now, theme and variations, there are variations in each different realm. So for instance, while China has been good for us, I mean, a lot of times they're in this -- we think they're in their 12th 50-year plan, and the first year of it normally has kind of a slowdown and some deactivity, but then they build up in the second year once they get through the budget. That's one particular aspect. If you look in India, some of the things that have been going on with the tax environment, that tends to predominate. If you look in Europe, you've got a number of different factors, everything related to a sovereign debt to a whole range of fiscal issues come into play. Here, general tax, political, whole sorts of environments in there, so it's kind of like the caution has been across-the-board and it's not like each one has different factor. If you look at industries, again, the ones that are under pressure to, again, automotive, we think has been a little bit stronger because of the drive toward high-efficiency and hybrid vehicles. You look at mileage standards, you look at the increased safety regulations. If you look at Aerospace and Defense, I can probably parse that down between aerospace and aero engine performance versus maybe some more subdued defense spending in certain areas. If you look at the energy industry and what happened a couple, 3 years ago. Nuclear was starting to really pick up and then slowed down a little bit after Japan and then oil went up $140 and people got really excited in other forms of alternate energy. Now oil is back down. So you see some investment flows that ebb and flow through all those things. But in general, come think it's just an overall -- it's the overall level of the ocean and all the other things are different people are seeing different waves, here and there.
James E. Cashman: Well, that's really not the issue. The other thing is just a kind of the -- the situation is, at any point in time, anybody is going to -- I mean, while we don't have a single competitor across-the-board, we've got about 20 or 30 people that all poke on different aspects of it and they all tend to be smaller, so a growth rate might be in the short term smaller. Sometimes these are private companies, sometimes, again, it's anecdotal reporting and things like that. So it's really difficult to speak. If you look at the overall supposed size of the thing, if you look at the overall market, we're holding or gaining in each of the major sectors. Now that's looking at major sectors. What happens any given period of time, any year, any quarter or something like that, there can always be spikes that put it up and down. But I mean, we tended to look at the overall issue and continue. And I think that's probably borne out in some of the longer-term and the sustained growth rates over the long-term. To answer to your question about investment, yes, if we didn't hire anybody and we didn't continue to innovate and renovate internally, of course, that's going to -- that would affect the business. But our situation has been one of probably hiring 3, finding 3, 4, 5 months slower than we would like. It's not a question of doing it or not doing it and it's certainly, not doing it over long-term. So I mean if you look at it we've got close to 900, approaching 1,000 people in R&D today. So I mean and the other thing is if you look at the product that people are using right now, it has literally persons centuries of development already into the code and we're really trying to take the lead in terms of pushing the new kind of capabilities out there. So it's really not even -- that's not even a maintaining parity kind of thing, it's actually continuing to progress this to the next level. And those are the things that we really don't want to lose scope of.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, basically, in closing, emphasis to the remainder of 2012, it's going to be execution, customer development and, of course, an operational discipline. Again, if you haven't picked up through the course of this call, there's little doubt about the long-term opportunity, but in the short-term, there's a continued vigilance as customers and their increased spending, scrutiny, the diligence in their investment decisions, they've led the longer sales cycles and actually a staging out of the decision. So we tried to factor all these realities into our guidance and like we try to do for almost forever, continue to endeavor to do so going forward. So but despite these economic and political uncertainties that dominate the headlines, everybody's seeing them, we're still -- at the heart of what we are, we're still propelled by a combination of a long-term vision, a business model that I think is navigated through a range of economic conditions, cost of oil customers that are the crème de la crème out there and they stay loyal to us, the partners who have been with us for decades, great and unique technologies and, of course, the base of employees that continues to help keep this ship going through all sorts of weather. So I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning and, again, our best wishes for everybody out in the East Coast and we'll talk to you in a few months. Thanks a lot.
