Maria T. Shields: Okay. Thank you, Ajei. Good morning, everyone. For the next few minutes, I'll add some additional perspective on our Q4 and fiscal year 2016 operational performance, touch on some key financial highlights, and also comment on our Q1 and fiscal 2017 outlook. Also just to note, I'll be commenting in terms of non-GAAP. The results of Q4 reflect improved execution across many aspects of our business. Key highlights include total revenue of $270.6 million for the quarter and $988.6 million for the year. We reported EPS of $0.98 for the fourth quarter and $3.63 for the year. As outlined in our earnings release, the Q4 and 2016 GAAP results include approximately $3.4 million or $0.03 per share related to workforce realignment activities that were not previously included in the company's November financial guidance. The Q4 and 2016 results also include in both the GAAP and non-GAAP results a charge of $4.7 million in connection with an employment-related settlement, which was also not included in the financial guidance provided last November. We achieved gross margins of 89% for the quarter and for the year, and operating margins of 45% and 47% for the quarter and the year respectively. The fourth quarter's operating margin was adversely impacted by approximately 2% related to the previously mentioned employment-related settlement. Sales bookings growth far outpaced revenue growth in Q4. This was driven by a combination of the 37 seven and eight figure deals which were closed in the quarter, eight of which were enterprise agreements, as well as an increase in software license sales and solid maintenance renewals. These factors all contributed to deferred revenue and backlog of $638 million, representing a new record high and a 26.5% growth as compared to Q4 of 2015. This puts us in a very good position as we head into 2017. Recurring revenue for the year was a healthy 74%, higher than the 2015, and on a larger revenue base. The company's consistent ability to maintain a solid base of recurring revenue is one of the hallmarks of our business model. We reported operating cash flow of $357 million for the year, and we ended the year with total cash and short-term investments of $823 million. We closed 2016 with a total of 3.7 million shares repurchased at a cost of $336 million, leaving 1.3 million shares in the authorized pool. And as you saw in last night's announcement, the board renewed our commitment to continue to return capital to our stockholders by increasing the authorized share repurchase program back to 5 million shares. Now let me spend a moment on our outlook. We've initiated our outlook for Q1, with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $237 million to $246 million, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.81 to $0.85. With respect to fiscal year 2017, we're updating our November outlook to factor in movements in currency, particularly the weakening of the Japanese yen. This translates to non-GAAP revenue in the range of $1.10 billion to $1.45 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $3.63 to $3.83. We are targeting a non-GAAP gross profit margin of approximately 88% to 89% for the quarter and the year, and non-GAAP operating margins of 45% to 46% for Q1 and 46% to 47% for 2017. Before we move to Q&A, let me offer some brief commentary around trends in our licensing model. For 46 years, ANSYS has been committed to offering our customers a range of options to fit their licensing preferences. With 45,000 global customers, there is no one size fits all. Our history of growing these customer relationships over decades has shown that this flexibility helps to shorten sales cycles and to drive adoption of our platform and broad portfolio of solutions. In the past year, we've seen both an increasing preference in certain markets for time-based licenses as well as an increase in enterprise agreements among our larger customers. In the short-term, our flexible licensing model may create variability in our results due to variances in revenue recognition. However, over the long-term, we are confident that we will continue to achieve growth in revenue, sales bookings, deferred revenue and backlog, and most importantly, customer relationships that we can continue to grow for years to come. Further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that have been factored into our outlook for Q1 and fiscal year 2017 are contained in the prepared remarks document. So Andrea, I'll now suggest that we can open up the phone lines to take some questions.
Maria T. Shields: So, Anil, I'll take that. I would say at this point in time, there is, as you can imagine, given the size of some of these deals, some volatility around the timing of the closing of those. We've got a healthy pipeline as we head into 2017, but we are being a little cautious given that Rick is new to the scene and we're working our way through some of the transformations in the sales organization. So, we feel good about the pipeline. We feel good about the opportunity, but we're also being cautious, given how early in the year it is.
Maria T. Shields: So, Monika, I would say, Q4, if you look at Q4, there is really a significant factor relative to cash flow that was negatively impacted by three days of DSO, as it relates to the larger deals, which were highly backend loaded. So, we did not get the benefit of about $9 million worth of cash flow, which we had modeled into our outlook for Q4. And for the full year, in 2016 versus 2015, we did have about $11 million of incremental tax payment. So those are the two key factors relative to cash flow swings in Q4 and for the full year. We have updated our cash flow outlook to factor in, not only the changes in currency since we last guided, but also the restructuring and the settlement. So we are suggesting cash flow of $360 million to $380 million for fiscal year 2017 at this time.
Maria T. Shields: So, Jay, let me just talk – I'll take the numbers piece and then I'll let Ajei take some of the qualitative commentary. So, you're correct in what you commented on relative to the strength, particularly in semis and aerospace and defense. The semis, none of those were early renewals, many of them were renewals that were in the pipeline and were slated to close. The good news is that with the addition of some of the technology that we have added into our semiconductor business unit, that bodes well, we believe, for continued growth in that aspect of our business. And as we look at the pipeline heading into 2017 as it currently exists, I think you'll see continued growth in those segments and we are also hopeful that some of the investments that we've made around the new initiatives in auto will continue to yield increased growth as we make our way through 2017.
Maria T. Shields: So Ken, we'll just stick with 2017 for now, because we've got a lot of moving parts as you know, and we're also dealing with longer term the impact of the change in software recognition, software revenue recognition that we and many of our software brethren are working through right now. If you take a look at 2017, right now, we are booking at, for the full year, 4% to 8% and that 6% is the midpoint, and we are looking for about 8% at the midpoint for Q1, given the I'll call it, health and momentum that we have coming off a strong Q4, as well as what we will admit is a relatively weaker comp. So that's kind of the outlook that we'll give you currently and we will continue to update on out years as we prepare for Investor Day in September where we'll be rolling out our strategy and some metrics that we believe will be in a position to share with all of you relative to the longer term aspects of the business model.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So Sterling, Q4 impacted approximately 20 employees. The total as you saw from our announcement is approximately 4% during the course of the entire realignment, which we are currently planning to the majority to take place in Q1, some to take perhaps a little bit longer into Q2. It touched all parts of the organization in all geographies, and we are looking to redeploy, as Ajei said, I'll say three key areas. One around some of the product opportunities as we see areas like additive manufacturing, digital twin, IoT, and even some of our core products. Sales and sales operations and infrastructure, all the areas that we believe that we need to invest in to be able to drive not only higher growth in long-term, but be able to really scale the business from $1 billion to $2 billion.
Maria T. Shields: Ross, I don't have that currently off the top of my head, but I would suggest that this year, given the number of enterprise agreements, it is probably slightly higher than it was a year ago, given that last year at this time, we had only closed a handful of those. So I would suggest the duration is slightly up from a year ago.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So current bookings growth was around 12%, 13% in constant currency. Probably for full year 2016, bookings growth was 6%. I would anticipate for 2017 based on everything that we're modeling right now, it will be slightly higher than that.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. I can tell you that there actually were two of those customers who had previously signed deals, who either decided to extend the initial deal or have added incremental technology to their deployment. So it's still early in the game, but we are very excited about the opportunity that engaging with our customers at this level provides us relative to insight and also, I'll call it, knowledge relative to other customers that, as they work their way through tool consolidation and some of the challenges they have around their new growth initiatives relative to taking our story and our broad portfolio to help them through those transitions that they're going through.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So I would say, it's early and we sat down with Rick and his team and reviewed the health of the pipeline. Currently, I would say a good target would be somewhere in the – similar to this year, 18 perhaps 20 at the high end range, and we believe that those will grow, at least on a bookings basis over time in double-digits just given the extreme opportunity to not only increase the number of users, but also to deploy increased applications of our technology across the broader base across those enterprise customers.
Maria T. Shields: That would be our number one preference. However, to Ajei's point as you highlighted earlier, we've been extremely successful in creating long-term shareholder value because we were selective relative to how the M&A targets that we added to our portfolio really aligned with the future needs and directions of our customers. So, we are continuing to solicit inputs from not only our field and our customers around which would be the appropriate assets that we continue to differentiate off. And in the short-term, in the absence of significant M&A, we will continue to redeploy capital back to the shareholders through our share repurchase activity. But, we are committed to continue to take a look at opportunities for M&A that we'll continue to distinguish our portfolio from other offerings.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So, Steve, one of our problems is not our operating profit margins, relative to trying to expand them. We've taken a step back as part of our annual planning process and with Ajei coming in and having perhaps some different perspectives from his experience at other enterprise providers, and we made a conscious decision this year when we went out with our early outlook in November to at least reduce the margin by a point to 46% and then to also take on the realignment in recognition that we needed to make some improvements in our own business to allow us to fund areas that we believe are higher growth opportunities or have unfortunately been perhaps impediments to our growth. So, as I said, we are looking to maintain our industry leading margins. For this year, we're guiding for the full-year to 46% and our ability to stay at 46% is going to be dependent on really the pace of hiring in the remaining quarters and some of the initiatives that we currently have underway that we've already redeployed some of those dollars too.
Ajei S. Gopal: Sure. So, there are couple of things that I highlighted in my comments. One is, we've made some leadership changes in the European sales organization, which we felt will improve our ability to execute. The second is with respect to how we were going to market. And before we had somewhat of a mix go-to-market strategy. To give you an example, we had the leader who was responsible for Germany also being responsible for the Nordics. And as a result, that was dissipating his efforts across both Germany and the Nordics, and Germany of course being a very strong economy and the Nordics being a little bit smaller, he was being pulled in two different directions. So what we've done as a result of the go-to-market, as I described is, we've essentially separated out the UK, France and Germany as key regions with leaders who are focused on that. Germany is of course including Switzerland and Austria, so we've got a key set of leaders focused on those areas and then we've taken the other smaller economies and we've grouped them together in a couple of regions, where we've coupled and linked like geos together. So we feel that that will significantly improve and streamline our ability to execute and focus our team on the thing that's most important. And then finally the last point is, with respect to channels, we're really making an investment in indirect channels. If you look at our performance in Asia, you'll see that we delivered double-digit growth in our indirect channel, and we've made some investments in channels last year. So we're trying to make investments in channel, in the channel in Europe, and you'll see the results of that as we start to execute through the year.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, Walid is leaving on the 1 of May and I'll have a plenty of time between now and then to work with the product team under Walid. And as I said in my comments, these are very seasoned executives. These are not uniquely technologists. These are people who understand how to run a P&L and they have an enormous amount of experience between them. So I am looking forward to working much more closely with them. As you know or as you might know from my background, I am a product guy for many years and I believe I can bring a different perspective to the table and I'm looking forward to working with these guys on product roadmaps, bringing the customer perspective into the roadmap and also thinking about the longer-term strategy of the business. So this will give me a good opportunity to get my hands on into the details. Just as I did with the sales organization before Rick came on board and I believe that four-month period when I was running the sales organization gave me a really good insight into what was happening in sales. And so I am looking forward to spending some more time with the product team.
Ajei S. Gopal: So the question is, are we seeing an increased competition in the space as a result of the M&A. Well, what's happening is, when I look at our product portfolio and you look at what customers are looking for, I believe we have the strongest product portfolio in the industry for what we do. We address some of the key challenges that customers are having in the area of simulation. We provide the most – the best accuracy and the most effective, I believe solver technology in the industry and so that remains a constant. In many cases, you find technologies that were previously competing with us in the marketplace now under a different roof and we haven't really seen that – we don't really see that making a tremendous amount of impact on our business.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. And then just to give you some perspective on the qualitative from a business perspective, if you think about the semis, as our customers are moving to advanced process nodes like 16-nanometer and below, the designs as you know are becoming significantly more complex and that will drive the need for more simulation and frankly that drives more seeds of our products. And especially when you start thinking about 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer, that's especially the case. So we see that's a natural driver for incremental demand for our offerings. Also as you see, complex process is moving from the mobile space into new applications like autonomous vehicles, those systems require tremendous amounts of computing resources. They are creating power and thermal challenges, they require advanced multiphysics simulation and that's right up our sweet spot, that's exactly what we can do and we can help in this multi-domain simulation of the chip package system that's essential for those systems. So that's again going to drive more simulation. And then finally, as traditional systems companies are moving into custom silicon, we see the opportunity as well for our technologies to continue grow. So that's in the semiconductor space. And of course, we talked about some of the others briefly, but Maria mentioned automotive, there, self-driving vehicles or ADAS is a big driver, and we see significant opportunity there. Let me give you a very quick anecdote. One of the CEO's of a large automotive company predicted that to get a car, vehicle to be tested for self-driving capabilities completely certified, it would need about nine billion miles of road tests, to test every possible scenario and nine billion miles of road testing is simply not practical. And if you think about that challenge, the only way in which you could get that certification is by simulating some of that, and that requires simulation across the entire portfolio, its mechanical, its electronics, its semiconductors, the entire portfolio comes to play, including of course embedded software, because these devices are essentially supercomputers on wheels now. So we see a very strong opportunity across some of these verticals.
Ajei S. Gopal: So lot of questions. So let me start with the – let me start with your commentary about the big data architectures that we've talked about. As you rightly note, we started off with SeaHawk and SeaScape in the semiconductor space. We've had some good response from customers, and the idea there of course is with the increasing complexity of data and the analytics involved, you need a different way of thinking about your design and think – the different way of addressing the challenges that manufacturers and chip typically had. And so that's why the architecture helps, and as I said, we've seen some initial traction. It's of course early days yet. We have ongoing development as we think about how this architecture would move to the other physics. We have ongoing development, but we will keep you posted and updates will follow on that space. It's obviously an area of tremendous amount of excitement for us. The second with respect to sales and marketing and product. As you know, we are trying to be, and as I mentioned in our prepared comments, we went through – we're going through realignment this quarter. We've announced, so that we can free up resources and investment capacity to focus on those areas that we think are most important and that includes elements of sales and marketing, that includes some product areas, and that also includes some investments in infrastructure.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, the business model around areas like digital twin and so on are still, I would say, being developed by the industry. The opportunity is obviously enormous, because if you think about the digital twin space, which goes to the Internet of Things, the opportunity there is of course to be able to create a digital doppelganger, if you will, of every single product that's out there in the market place, and every instance of a product and get real-time analytics – do real-time analytics, not just statistical analytics, but to do real-time physics against those models to know what's happening for that particular instance of that particular product. And so, that expands the use of simulation dramatically. And I think the industry is still trying to understand what and how this business model is going to look like as it evolves. But the good news for us of course is that, as you think about the Internet of Things, there is an element which collects information and brings it back in and then, of course, there is some statistical analysis that people do around machine learning. But I believe that one of the most important things there is the actual physics simulation, is to take that information and to figure out what's going on exactly. And that means, if you have sensor information that's perhaps remote, using that remote sensor information to do a physics model and understand what's happening for example in the details or the insights of a particular component where you may have no sensors. And so I feel that we have, in simulation have an extremely strong position in this developing business model in this developing economy, but of course, that's still work in progress.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. There were some longer-term contracts in there, but those are frankly mostly three-year contracts and most of them show up as lease revenue. And so, obviously, they come in and they convert to revenue over a multi-year period.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. On the go-to-market side to add to what Maria said, also investments on technical sales and also in channel and sales enablement.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. I've been in the CEO role since January 1 and until that time, I was spending a fair amount of time with the sales organization, of course, prior to Rick ramping up. I am obviously working with my leadership team. I've been spending a fair amount of time thinking through, of course, the long-term strategy for the business. I've been spending time with customers to understand where they are going. I've been talking to partners to understand what their thinking is. So for me there is a lot of data gathering and there is obviously some short-term decisions that we made, which are pretty obvious with respect to some of the tactical executions that you've talked about along the number of different dimensions. Our expectation is to continue to work through the strategic direction for the company. We're not – I don't see any major strategic change in direction at this point of time, but we will be getting back to you on Investor Day, which I believe is on September 14 of this year, and we'll be in a position to have a more fulsome conversation about our long-term view of the business, about product strategies, about business strategies, business models, et cetera, and I think that will give us the opportunity to have a pretty detailed conversation at that time.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, I see, when I look at our – when I look at the market, I think that there is a – there are probably three legs is the way I'm thinking about it to the stool. One is the traditional use of simulation by engineers, by analysts and we see an enormous amount of opportunity there as we start to talk about things like ADAS. As we look at our semiconductor business and so on and so forth, there is enormous amounts of opportunity there and we've talked about some of that. We see as purely incremental to our current business, we see as opportunity of moving upstream to address a new audience which is essentially the designer market. We see that as incremental upside. We've invested in this space. We are now with ANSYS 18. We have the third generation of a product in the space called AIM and it takes time to mature a product, but I think at this point, we have a product that meets the needs for a simulation market that's upstream of our existing install base. And then of course as you look downstream, I see the opportunity around digital twin that we've already articulated. So, absolutely, there's an opportunity and we have activities underway there. We see that as being incremental. We see the downstream opportunities around digital twin as being incremental and we see our core business as being with all of the changes that are taking place in the industry, we see our core businesses as being stronger than ever.
Ajei S. Gopal: And to add to what Maria is saying, our strategy for enterprise agreements is not just simply a fire and forget, where we consummate a deal, complete a deal, and then move on. It's really building an ongoing relationship with the customer, and this obviously as Maria pointed to, with the couple of deals that we've talked about, this translates into a long-term relationship that they can, they feel like we're a partner, we're able to work with them. And I think that's very helpful. In some cases, we have people onsite, in some cases we have ongoing business reviews. So there are a number of different mechanisms that we use to make sure that we have that ongoing relationship both at the strategic level as well as at the operational level with the people who are using our technologies.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. I mean we've had tremendous feedback on the product, and obviously we have customers who have been using it. It continues to be an area that I think is still developing, and we'll be in a position to share more strategy around our cloud and the cloud direction, when we get together in the September timeframe.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. So, what we have right now is, this is not our multitenant product, that's still under development. And that's an area of frankly where I plan to spend a little bit more time with the development organizations to go through the cloud plans in some detail. As you know, I have a pretty strong background in that space and I think that the cloud is going to be very important for us in a number of different dimensions both from a licensing perspective as well as from a business model perspective, and I think that there is some usability and scalability challenges that we can address. So, I feel pretty good about the strategic direction, but again, as I said, this is an area where as we make this transition to multitenant, this is an area where we're doing more work and I'll be in a position to share more details with you guys when we talk about this at Investor Day in September.
Ajei S. Gopal: I mean, obviously, we're going to look at all opportunities that are available to us and, I mean, your point about M&A, M&A is certainly one of the opportunities that's ahead of us. As you may know, I've had some experience in driving M&A and I've seen the transformative opportunity that can be created by doing the right M&A. But I want to be thoughtful and make sure that we do the right M&A. But obviously as you know, the wrong deal can have a very negative impact on an organization. So absolutely, M&A is something that we continue to look at and we will continue to look at. We see some opportunities and we will keep you posted as we think this through.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, I think, right now we have no significant or we have no increases that are assumed in our plan for this year as far as maintenance is concerned. So it's pretty much what we've been doing in the past is what we'll continue to do. So there is no change in the business model assumed in this year's guidance.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, we're around 20% maintenance. We think that's a – in the short-term, that's what we've been planning for this year. Obviously, as we start to think about different offerings and different capabilities that we are planning that might have an impact, but that's still in the future as we think about the nature of our portfolio going forward. And, again, I think we'll be in a position to share some more insight into strategically where we're going and that might have some more context here in the September timeframe.
Ajei S. Gopal: Thank you, Andrea. So I believe that ANSYS has a huge opportunity ahead. With ANSYS 18, our next step in making pervasive engineering simulation a reality, we brought to market a feature rich release that continues a long track record of providing the best simulation solutions in the market. I'm excited by our performance in Q4, I'm excited by our momentum early in 2017 and I'm looking forward to seeing the impact of the operational changes that we've made and that we will continue to make. And with that, I'd like to close by saying thank you to our customers, my ANSYS colleagues and our longstanding partners. And I want to thank you for listening in today. I look forward to our next call. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
