Maria T. Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Let me just start by saying that our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. It contains all the key financial information and supporting data relative to Q3 and the year-to-date 2014 business results as well as our current Q4 fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015 outlook. I'd also like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC. All of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact; our business in the future. These statements are based upon the view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. So Jim, I'll turn it back over to you.
Maria T. Shields: No, I think right now, Ross, we mentioned in the documents, we're going to target over the next 2 quarters to invest about $200 million in that program. But at the same time, we will do what we've been doing for the past decade plus, and there are certainly opportunities for M&A that we will continue to pursue that continue to add to the physics and to distinguish our portfolio from others in this space.
Maria T. Shields: So on the onetime cost, it's probably somewhere between $3 million and $5 million. From a sequential cost, it's just -- if we take a look at the dynamics of the Apache and the Esterel businesses combined with, albeit, while there are certain parts of our sales that are not performing as well as planned or we would like, there are other elements of sales that are doing very well, and this is the accelerator time frame for them. So a lot of the cost around Q4 and people being in accelerators have been factored in. And like any other quarter, including this one, to the extent that we deliver towards the higher end of the range on revenue and/or above, you will probably see improvement in what we've guided to. But there is just a lot of unknowns right now, and I'd rather be safe than sorry.
James E. Cashman: The main thing is -- again, we talked about the currency turbulence, and actually, our guidance does factor a range of high single digits to double digits. So 7% to 11% in constant currency. It's just that these currency headwinds -- I mean, the movement in, like, for instance, the yen alone in the last few days was very significant. As we've seen, those kinds of things can shift. But it still maintains the trajectory that we're talking about, and that's even factoring in the fact of -- the impact of these -- I mean, we love the fact of the recurring revenue and the buildup and the interest by customers into time-based licenses. But the fact that those are building up, they will tend to build up in current periods visibly a little bit slower just because of what's recognized from a GAAP standpoint. So I think it's pretty consistent, but like I mentioned, currency is probably one of the major stories for us right now.
James E. Cashman: Well, I think the bottom line is we've -- I mean, first of all, we've already started to take steps to go under that. There has been -- the general economic outlook in Europe has softened a little bit over the longer term, and Germany was -- had felt a little bit more of that going on. Now also, we've got very strong, long-standing channel partners in Germany. I mentioned some of the other channel partners throughout the world, and part of what we're -- if there's a major theme, a lot of those tended to still be in a legacy mode of selling individual physics. And what we've been trying to do is that one of the real strengths of our product has been manifested. It shows up in those -- the large mega orders that we talked about. It shows up in the disproportionate growth of those more established customers. And as a result of that, we've been trying to bring the channel up to the point where they can also avail themselves of the ability to really sell the whole portfolio as opposed to a fragmented story. So what that gets into is the normal ramp-up for the technical and business certification as well as, it's coaching them through the process. And that's one reason why when I mentioned the fact of actually having someone to focus not just on sales production but on the development of the channel we instituted. And actually, this was an internal promotion of a person who's been very effective in dealing with channel, and we've actually had them focus on mechanisms to both instruct, to guide and to help drive the channel. So those things are already underway, but they will be a steady building process, and that has been built into -- also built into our guidance with the more conservative view, obviously driving the lower end and accelerated views moving to the higher end.
James E. Cashman: It still continues to grow. Now there's going to be a couple of things. That first of all, some of the growth initially was heads-up demand, and that demand continues to grow, however. But the second part of it is we're actually getting into that situation where extreme volumes will start to play into it. So for instance, the scalability, of course, when customers are now talking about 50,000 when they wouldn't have even considered 10,000 before, there will be a thing where the per-unit costs actually will start to taper at those larger installations, but the overall volume will grow up. However, HPC is just getting to -- it's just continuing to be a major driver of the business. And while we don't see that -- we don't see those mega amounts growing, it is a significant part and it will continue to be a good growth element for us going forward. That's always been the case. I mean, we want to continue, of course, to drive those other axis of the new user and, as I mentioned, some of the pops that we're starting to see in the early stages in the multiphysics adoption, which also links back to why we're trying to get the channel more fully engaged in that opportunity.
James E. Cashman: Well, yes, of course. I mean, if that ramps up -- but again, we count the -- the maintenance combined with the lease is the major part of our recurring revenue, and therefore, we are-- we still see that overall strengthening. I think you've seen already the impact of increasing numbers of TBLs, of time-based licenses, even in the early phases and what's that done to our recurring revenues. Now with regard to the ultimate mix, I'd be really concerned about having something with such an early low denominator. It's very early in the process of this, and the fact is we're seeing those lead customers come in, but as we've also seen, those lead customers that were doing the accelerated adoption, they sometimes are 3, 4, 5 years ahead of the masses, and therefore, you can have a real heavy skewing. And as I mentioned, that's part of what we're trying to factor in as we continue our operating -- I mentioned that we're in the mid-phases of our 2015 operating plan, and that's really part of the things that we're trying to calibrate on, while not driving the business toward any particular expectation in a 12-month period, but just being cognizant of what the trend is going to be over the next few years.
James E. Cashman: Well, first of all, that's the #1 priority, and then actually, that's underway. Some of which are on the website. Some of which are being done through other means and all of which have been underway for actually several weeks in terms of going on. The -- let's just say the -- we're in that stage now where we've got a very strong -- at least, the last report I got was we've got a very strong pipeline of candidates. Now what the close rate is on that and the close percentage and things like that, a little bit early for us to say. But the bottom line is we are aiming toward -- the stuff we're doing now isn't going to really onboard and show something in Q4, but what we want to do is we want to be able to come out of the gates strongly in the early part of -- in 2015. And so really, what we want also be able to do then is get that mass of people ready for the normal sales force launch event that we have. That's a training and a driving event, and that's really what the motion is aimed towards right now because we have seen that some of the -- just from the number of a requests, the number of leads, the growing of the pipeline, we don't want to get caught with a capacity problem.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, the bottom line is the -- think of it -- well, okay, I got to break 16 into 2 major constituency groups, and they're both important, but they're not different. They're really extensions of the same thing. So first of all, one thing you always expect from ANSYS is the continuation of market-leading capabilities for broad-based physics, full stop. I mean, it's been that way for 40 years, and it's our intent to keep that going another 40 years. So I could run out the clock going through hundreds of features there, but just take that on word right now, and we can go through website kind of stuff. The second part, though, and the part that I think is particularly exciting, is the -- first of all, we talked about 3 phases of Workbench evolution. The first one is this concept of multiphysics. The second part was the concept of data integration that linked things together. That was the Workbench platform. Now the third layer is actually -- we talked about, it would be the evolution of the user experience, and we'll actually be showing a first preview of that for some of the baseline capabilities. So the bottom line is if somebody has invested in our physics, they can rely on those physics for a long time to come, but there will be alternate ways for them get to access to it. Some that will appeal to a broader range of users. Some of it's in the user experience. Some of it is in the customization, the kind of capabilities that now our customization toolkit has gone through a series of maturation, and there are customers that are doing some pretty exciting things. One that we'll be talking about soon in terms of patient-specific modeling for eye surgeons, where they can actually look at the impact of various approaches and actually get that viewpoint or get the results in advance. And then the third part is that ability to -- just general journaling and scripting kind of capabilities that will actually support the overall things that we talked about in terms of helping it fit into the engineering processes of our customers, which also, by the way, links into why we're upping the gain in terms of the services, in terms of our service organization and service leadership. So really, the first part is capabilities, the ongoing endless stream of features that you always expect from an ANSYS release. But this next one is the first unveiling of a new user interface, user experience that allows a much broader range of things. And it's one of the things that you almost have to really kind of see to fully comprehend, but it's something that will -- it covers a baseline of some of our capabilities, so people get started now, and over the next few releases, we'll actually be expanding that access to our full range of capabilities.
James E. Cashman: Well, that's definitely part of it, and like any perrito [ph], our top 20% tend to kick in sooner. That's part of it, but frankly, the strength and capabilities of the software driven by, if you will, years of customers' internal validation, basically, I would say prove to them that they'd like to continue to put that at a broader basis because their products are getting more complicated and complex. There's bigger regulatory concerns that they have to go through, and their job just isn't getting any easier. So we find kind of like that accelerating lower ramp of our S curve is that the people who have been using it now through a few good product cycles have started to work it through their organizations. We see that ramp-up, and so I think that is also -- it's a combination of the effectiveness of the sales engagement team, but underlying it all is the strength of the product that actually can solve the problems. And as we've said over the last few calls, the big thing for us why we pushed for services, why we're expanding the sales capacity, is helping bridge between the customer's current implementation to where, if you would say, their need is. That takes some pathfinding and some assistance that we're trying to help them do to -- as the number one means of driving the growth.
James E. Cashman: No, they're essentially the same. If there's one kind of thing that we -- in the informal lexicon is that time-based licenses actually are tending to have a patina of multiyear and extended kind of commitment thing, and it shifts. Sometimes historically, why a person might have bought leases is kind of a little bit different than why people -- why existing perpetual customers are now considering time-based licenses. And some of it gets down to the flexibility of the implementation, flexibility of utilization to match the product design cycles and what they might need at any particular time so that they can continue to refactor within an envelope, and sometimes it just gets down to the economics and the purchase dynamics that exist within a customer. And the one thing we've said, I mean, for as long as I can remember, at least 15 years, is we never tried to drive any one eventuality on that, whether it was lease, whether it was pay-for-use and our Software-as-a-Service and cloud stuff, or whether it was a perpetual license. We just really wanted to provide multiple avenues for them to get access to the technology and then let them pick the right way. But like I said, right now, and I don't know how much of this is being driven by economy, I don't know how much is being driven by cloud mentality, there could be a number of things. But the fact is the customers are in fact at least beginning to show those signs of changing and that's what factoring in. Like I say, long-term, it's great, but we have to be able to selectively engage with a broad range of customers during whatever transition period might exist.
James E. Cashman: Absolutely. First of all, acquisitions continue to be #1, okay? Just flat out. The bottom line is, though, if you take that $100 million per quarter, that's not too much off the steady state, but keep in mind, we've got excess capacity, excess liquidity that's been built up now. And as we looked at the trajectory of some of the things that we're looking at, combined with the availability of debt in the traditional markets, we don't see anything that would really constrain, nor would we constrain the strategic aspects of us being able to do those acquisitions. So with this, this is really just taking advantage of an opportunity, and again, I said the factor is going on when you look at the confidence we have in the future, when you look at the excess liquidity that we think we have right now over the needs for near-term acquisitions and running the business, and it's also -- we think it's an attractive way to return capital to our stockholders. I mean, you combine all that together, and it's a very logical thing and something that we think bodes well for the long term of the company and the stockholders.
James E. Cashman: Yes, I think the key thing to keep in mind is that all of these things are temporal. We have some -- right now, what we're doing we think is a really good thing, also combined in lockstep with the acquisition path that we see going forward. I can't necessarily speak to what the acquisition target list might look like 1.5 years from now. So I'm not talking about a here's a steady-state lock turn, because if we get to a point and say, hey, here's an opportunity, and we're going to use the capital for that, that's what we'll do. But when we do that, we'll also have our mind towards having the kind of success for everybody that I think we've demonstrated in previous acquisitions. So this one is very much metered over the next few quarters and not really a -- something we carry on 5 years into the future on an autopilot kind of basis.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, first of all, the thing is -- obviously, we have many ways of going after -- I mean, we've got a pretty strong -- I hate to call it a Rolodex, but I just did. We've got a pretty good group of sales candidates because recruitment is kind of like an ongoing process for us. It's not just an event that's driven by certain things. So -- and then we also bring the website in as a way of -- as another means in there, but yes, that has been underway. I wouldn't say it was directly as a result of the bookings. I think it was more a result of the opportunity, and then remember, I mentioned pipeline and the growth. And what we've already seen from our -- we talked about the Asia-Pacific. So that combined with the new leadership in Asia, in -- globally and everything else, it was that thing that allowed us to cast towards something and drive. It dovetails with the enterprise success that we see. So when you look at the pipeline, things like that, you get down to a situation where if we didn't accelerate this, we find ourselves caught in what I call a bandwidth issue in terms of how well you can process these kind of things. So it was a combination of many factors. I would say more that the bookings growth is a supporting data point that backs up all the other qualitative things that I said.
James E. Cashman: No, there was a second part of your question, and I think I kind of garbled it, so I wanted to let you get to that.
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, that's one where, Steve. I mean, we could give some pretty loose guidelines, but this is -- we're still in the baking process for the 2015 plan and bringing in some of these new leaders and capturing their input into it. So it's probably a little bit premature for us to do that, but we'll be talking about that in future sessions.
James E. Cashman: When you say thoroughly or adequately derisked, I mean, it is derisked. When you put a qualitative term on there, not exactly sure now -- Europe, we have -- like I said, Germany is a very strong market for us typically, and that [indiscernible]. Now we've got some other areas of Europe that have performed pretty well, but in general, the -- but they tended to be in some of the smaller markets. So we're trying to really assess that and not overdrive the equation. Again, long-term, you can't -- I mean, the strong industrials are all -- industrial nations are always going to be a good long-term market for us, but there are little bumps that happen along the way there that continue on, and those are things that we're going to have to assess. But right now, trying to pin those down, at this point, it would be finger in the wind at best.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Well, really, I'd have to say that there is really not a comparison. That's the -- again, the time-based -- the perpetual to lease shift in a short-term standpoint, that is fundamentally different because we saw how that recalibrated 9 months, 3 quarters later. We saw how that recalibrated and kind of readjusted itself, if you recall back in the 2010-2011 time frame. That is a fundamentally different motion than someone who used to buy perpetual licenses saying, hey, what about a 4-year deal that expands -- they're really looking at something a little bit different. The other thing is that those lease shifts tended to be the smaller companies that were looking for some financial respite during a rough time versus major companies that are looking at a different form of expanding their usage. So I really can't -- I hadn't thought of it in those terms, I think basically because they really were kind of fundamentally different. And again, it tends to focus, as I mentioned earlier, not so much on geographic pockets but on classification of customer that would want to expand into this level. And they tend to be the bigger-names, probably the ones that anybody could rattle off the tip of their tongue type of thing, if we could mention them.
James E. Cashman: It was pretty de minimis, but it was a couple of million, just around that thing. It was pretty -- keep in mind that one gets to be a little bit difficult because we were also an OEM of them at one time, and we're actually embedding a lot of the software into the ongoing product. And in fact, what I was talking about when somebody asked about R16, well, SpaceClaim plays a very interesting role in that new user experience and the way that people interact with their models. And I'm not going to say anything more than that until we actually do the formal release, but that tends to kind of skew the numbers on that, too. But that would at least give you a talking point to rig [ph] the numbers around.
James E. Cashman: No, no, no. I understood, and so you ruled out the financial thing, which is, I mentioned, one factor that goes in here. The one thing I'd like to draw a distinction between is the difference -- that there is a difference in the selling motion of the old woah, do I do a lease or do I do a perpetual license versus this new emerging kind of set of factors where a major company that used to buy -- oh, every year, they buy a few more perpetual licenses. They are sitting there and saying, "Hey, I've got these design cycles in mind." And let's just take, for example, my product. I've got a very complex product that maybe has a couple-year development cycle, and sometimes I need a lot of access to electronics for the electronics design portion, and sometimes I need to work on embedded software, and sometimes I need -- so depending upon the shifts, being able to look at adjusting those things on the fly without the traditional thing of here's your license, if you want to change. So I think it's that flexibility given the fact that they've already made the decision they want to expand the physics and they want to expand the breadth of usage. The other thing is then what that allows them to do. Now this is different than the capital versus necessarily OpEx. There is a certain then predictability to them over a long-term period of what the spend -- of what the spending patterns will be and their ability to budget around that. At least, now that's just -- I'd just say that anecdotal from about a handful of ones that I've engaged with. I wouldn't -- I can't guarantee that, that's across all the people who are talking about this, but I know that's a constant theme that comes up.
James E. Cashman: Well, a lease is not a token-based one. However, at an enterprise level, a time-based license often has -- it doesn't -- I mean, the license mechanism is not distinctly token-based, but it has the same impact of flexibility and remix within certain guidelines. So it has an element that kind of does that, and it also then gets around all the individual first steps that are required for any kind of like -- oh, we're going to do a complete new purchase and then each one almost has to be a new cycle that's gone through. So again, lease, don't think in terms -- that was never a token-like kind of approach, but the enterprise massive time-based licenses does have that element of flexibility and utilization and adoption built into it.
James E. Cashman: No, well, I mean, the bottom line is there have been a lot of times where the economic thing might not be all that great, and there's still ways for us to succeed, but I think that a, we continue to look at some of the -- and some of them are similar and some of them may be a little bit different than what we did in Asia-Pacific and other parts of the world. But obviously, some of the things we talked about with regards to channel has an impact on that as well as the broadening of the multiphysics space, and the capacity issues we talked about are also a major element of that. So we're adding capacity in Europe, too, because again, the pipelines have strengthened in Europe, but we need to make sure that we can actually close them and actually probably even expand them over what they are now.
James E. Cashman: Well, in terms -- again, in terms of wholesale shifts of what we'd be doing, I'd go back to our initial tenet is we're going to make many opportunities for customers to acquire the software available to them, and we even -- to the point of being able to talk about the advantages of each, but then let the customer make the decision. So the last thing we're trying to do is say, oh, we have seen this trend around some of these larger established customers moving in this direction. We see some of the data moving in that direction. That doesn't mean that we want to now force everybody wholesale into that, because there will be some that still continue to have that preference. But what we need to do then is arm our people with the data and the background to be able to help consult with their customers as to the best way to adopt, and that -- by the way, that adoption, again, links back into the service motion that we're also accelerating.
James E. Cashman: Oh, yes. It's -- that particular one is a 3-year deal. Actually, we did -- we have had larger ones, but maybe over a period of time and things like that. But all that does is it just speaks to the point of this is not a singular occurrence that happened with one wacky customer. This is something that many people are actually effecting with their dollars today and then you pile that on top of the fact that we're hearing it from many other customers, and that just becomes too much of a trend in one direction.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Thanks a lot, Mike. In close -- okay, so let's see. The results of the third quarter reflect strong execution across our product lines, across many of the industry sectors and across almost all geographies. I'll just say we're pleased with what we've been able to achieve in the third quarter and year-to-date. We're extremely well-positioned to continue our growth into the balance of this year and into next year with strong recurring revenue, in-depth and deepening penetration of our top customers and the continuous improvement in the functionality of our software solutions. So all of this coupled with our disciplined cost management, our industry-leading competitive position and, of course, our base of talented employees gives us the confidence in our ability to drive shareholder returns over time and as we pursue that over $1 billion in revenue mark in 2015. So I'll just thank everybody for your time and questions, and we'll speak with you again next quarter.
