Maria Shields: Okay, thanks Jim, good morning everybody. I would like to remind everyone on the call that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the world and our business as of today and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum.  Consistent with our standard practice during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures, a discussion of the various items that are included in the full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning’s earnings release and the related Form 8-K and I would also like to remind everyone that the ANSYS team will be hosting an Investor Day in New York, next week on March 1, at the NASDAQ MarketSite in Times Square. Please see the investor relations area ansys.com for details about the meeting and the webcast. So Jim, I’ll turn it over to you for some opening commentary before we open up for Q&A.
Maria Shields: Yeah, for the first quarter Steve probably around $15 million for Apache and for full year 2012 around $62 million to $63 million.
Maria Shields: Absolutely, and Perry, you’ve seen, because of the strength of the yen, that’s played on some of our customer profit. So, I think as currency kind of settles out and as they really get some of the things that impacted them in early 2011 and in late 2011 behind them that the second half of the year will probably be more robust for Japan than the first half.
Maria Shields: Yes actually Perry, the tax rate change does not take effect until 2013. So Japan itself didn’t have a huge impact on 2012 guidance. I think part of what you are seeing in the rate creep compared to traditional is Apache which had a much higher effective tax rate than ANSYS said and we also recently there’s been some tax changes in the US that have reduced some of the benefits that we used to get out of our UK structure. So moving parts in and of course the R&D credit has never been reinstated. So there is lot of moving parts in different parts of the world that are going to unfortunately in the current environment negatively impact that tax rates.
Maria Shields: Two things, one we’ve got some upgrades in our infrastructure relative to storage and computers and the other things as we’ve got some facilities consolidation plans for existing facilities where we’ve got duplicates in some countries or where we have outgrown the existing space. So 2012 I say has a disproportional amount set aside for some of the facilities upgrades that we need to do given the size of the business in certain countries.
Maria Shields: Yeah, most of it now is related the employees and also integration tying in, relative to how we do storing of source code and sharing bills across the globe. So we have got to tie in Apache to that. We still got some things where we’ve got to tie in some of the offices that haven’t been. It’s basically in every three or four year cycle. So that we can continue to solve the complex problems we are solving, we need to upgrade the hardware and the infrastructure.
Maria Shields: No, the only thing I would say Jay and it’s something that we have been talking about is while in each of the individual physics pillars, no doubt there are people who are focusing on that and we compete, but when you are talking about enterprise deployment where they are looking for integrated solutions to solve complex systems problems, the realty is we’ve got the most physics available in a integrated, open and flexible platform and that’s what people are looking for.
Jim Cashman: Actually what that was it was really our first eight figure customer and what that represents is the accumulation over the calendar year and fiscal year of 2011, the new business volume, business and recurring of that customer. S it was really kind of a hallmark of the, what we talked about seven figure orders and many seven figure customers, it was kind of a significant at least to us as this was the first one to actually crack that barrier in terms of the business this year.
Jim Cashman: Well, there's a couple of things. First of all you always have to look at the comparable and the main thing is I mean this is the, if you look at the 10 year progression chart for all the geographies they are all really good but its kind of like the difference between climate and weather. I mean you can see climate as the long-term trend but on any given quarter, any given month or day, the trend could be up, which obviously would make them the comparable Q4 this year. I mean last year for instance we had pretty strong Q3 this year, and if you look at comparable. So if you look at that, in general the trends were, the comparables were kind of skewed a little bit last year but then on top of it things are things we've been talking about is there has been is globalization at some of our major customers and that trend continues and just for clarification for any duties on the call, we actually recognized the revenue at the place being used. So even something is begin build acquired by let say US-based multi national company if they are going in Eastern Europe for instance or they are going into parts of Asia wherever they might go. The revenue would be scored in that ways. So in some ways I treated it always a good thing to check what’s happening in the various regional area but it also is important to understand where the business really is going because that also is driving our long-term investment.
Jim Cashman: I mean within the margin of error that still is the plan. I mean again we’re going to be driven by the quality and we certainly found that the kind of relationships we build with customers of long-term as we clearly watch a scalable long-term people for the sale team. But we’re continuing to grow and that somewhat commensurate with the back that like I said our business is really we would like to say we came up a part from the currency that we swimming against we’re still seeing in terms of the net business that slight uptick. So if you measure the growth we had, the headcount with somewhat commensurate with what we saw in 2011 and we envisioned doing that in 2012 and the only thing might give you may be highlight it, the something that doesn’t show up in that figure is, we have a significant channel presence and the channel is also growing there. So I think, you have to factor both sides of the equation.
Jim Cashman: In all there, there are some multinationals but those are very strong. I mean there are actually some very strong locally based multinationals in those areas. So particular growth in the Korea and (inaudible). China is probably, it was a combination of multinationals going there but there is also would be, the 12th five-year plan that China is going into right now. They are also looking towards commercialization major parts of their business. You see them getting more involved in wind, energy and in consumer electronics and things like that. So those are areas where we are seeing, those particular areas going on right now. There is no doubt that places like China, Korea, India actually we saw good progress. Brazil is an increasingly important emerging market to us and the other thing I have said is, you know that we also are concerned about making sure that the channel can grow with our vision and can be a commensurate part of our business. And I would say, you see with that has been a pretty parallel kind of growth things. So the channel is kind of progressed along with that endpoint, particularly important is GIA because of the, there is a slightly higher composition of channel revenue in the GIA or largely Asia-Pacific part of our business.
Jim Cashman: I am sorry. If you look here Richard, there is a couple of things. First of all, if you look at historically, like a lot of the smaller companies, the growth rates might be a little bit higher one, the company is smaller and the denominators are a little bit lower. But if you look at, they were probably looking in the range of the, lets say, 16% to 20% level. But the one thing is on their growth rate.  Keep in mind, that almost a 100% of their business is a time-based license, much of which stretches out in to the three-year basis. I think you will start to see that in the scoring of a long-term deferred revenue balances if you look like in to the balance sheet and things like that, the difference between the short-term. So, as you do that, it tends to build and it’s a typical thing of time-based license subscription type of model where it may grow more steadily but it grows more controllably and so right now, we’re basically, if you look at it, they’re still on target with their internal plans. They’re still on target with the things that we had discussed with them in our due diligence, preceding the acquisitions. So basically everything is going well. If I can answer the unasked question, in some ways, we are even ahead of the integration curve. If you look in terms of technical integration some of the projects that are being done there, you look at our number seven figure deals that we sometimes talk about, we actually had a couple that happened because of a combined Apache and ANSYS presence. So in many cases some of the things are progressing along quite nicely and you have a follow up you were holding on.
Jim Cashman: We had it for 11 years and we had it ongoing for 11 years. Even our partners delivered their own version of it with their own hosted hardware. So we’ve had it for over a decade. We build the workbench platform, at that time it was called grid computing. Then it became something else and then it became cloud and it went from ASP to SaaS models and things like that. And then you didn’t hear us talk about some of the things we have been doing in high performance computing That was also built in mind with this if you will a form of virtually infinite computing available. So it has been the ANSYS offering for ages. Now there are a number of issues when you talk about calculating the cloud. Now again when we talk about the cloud we can dissect the private cloud or urban cloud and number of different things like that hosted applications. So in general we are seeing this already being used in private clouds by our key customers actually pretty heavily that’s one of the things that help fuel the HPC growth but without getting overly burdensome on this call. There are a number of reasons why it sounds really good, but this is different than the type of ERP applications or mail applications or utility type of applications and it really gets down to bandwidth security and latency. And those problems are going to be taken care of overtime with some technological breakthroughs, but those tend to be the major either technical or emotional reasons why customers are a little bit slower to move onto that particular standpoint and then quite frankly there will be pricing things that will have to be dealt because. And it’s somewhat analogous to what you saw with the cell phone plans where you used to have unlimited data plans and all of a sudden oh, oops when the data explosion happens, the model kind of goes a little bit strange, you know a lot of things people like about some of the cloud pricing models that are out there is the predictability versus the, if you will the electric utility meter model and those are the things they will have to work out. But with cell phones they have got to the point now they've put data limitations on them or at certain level, they will actually throttle the data and things like that. So I mean they are, at the end of the day there is no free lunch but I would say right now, again we had it for many years continuously and again bandwidth, security and latency are probably the three major classifications of technical hurdles that take these, that drive the ability for people to really effectively utilize these. I mean these are massive computation engines that need to, some time when you send out a run and you've got hundreds and thousands of simultaneous cores running, they all need to be in communication with one another and that can’t always be guaranteed on just kind of like the overall cloud in the timeframes that are needed to keep things in sync. So bottom line is architecturally with the software we are ready, business model, billing mechanism, everything else, we've been running it for 11-12 years, it’s never been a huge growing thing. It’s a nice supplemental, sometimes people use it for, sometimes people use it for overflow type of situation, sometimes people use it to get their foot in the water without being totally committed and things like that. But for broad-based propagation and proliferation we’ve got to, there will be some things that still have to move on, but the bottom line we’re in place and we’ve done all the heavy lifting years ago that we needed to do to be ready for.
Jim Cashman: Well, first of all, it’s a relatively small thing, so the blending doesn’t have the same impact of some of our previous ones. But the second thing is, first of all our holistic margins we still look at in that 48% to 49% range. And part of that is the blending of Apache, but part of is the for the last six or seven maybe eight quarters, we’ve been talking about coming out, since the economy was kind of breaking out of it permanent (inaudible) we are actually gearing back up to, you investing back for the next 10 years growth. So you see an element in that. Now comments on the Apache side though as part of the goals we have and really the thing that we’re seeing with every other acquisition that we’ve done and I mean you can actually go back and infer this from the all the financial charges, there will be steady improvement in the Apache margins and some this happens by effective utilization of the ANSYS channel. Sometimes it happens by blending of the infrastructural aspects, non-duplication of public company cost which might have been in their margin assumptions at the time that they were looking at that option and in general things like that. Now the other thing is that, well basically that’s the kind of the overall margin thing. I don’t want to, I’ll make sure that answers your question first and foremost.
Jim Cashman: It is basically the same. First of all it is the same number. Second of all I want to caution, may be I am being overly concerned about this, but it is not really what we call a reseller by the traditional model. You know again our channel is pretty unique and it tends to be people that have been build up with us over 20 or 30 years. So it is not surprising that they are still with us, but they tend to get 80 plus % of their business with ANSYS and the rest of it is just kind of like supporting kind of thing. That’s a typical model. I mean there may be one or two outliers on that. But the majority of their business is really driven by ANSYS kind of sources or else they have divisions that are devoted to it, if they were a larger company. And so the thing is, these kind of relationships and the technical expertise that it takes to support customers at the level we require and understand the breadth of our technology. These people don’t really grow on trees. So it’s not, it tends to be a very specific one. As such the number is very kind of commensurate with what we are doing and therefore when we talked about the channel growing at the same general rates as we have at ANSYS, it’s because they’ve also continued to invest the build scale within themselves.
Jim Cashman: Well, I guess the first one is on the automotive one. I mean, again, the one thing I would like to highlight is we try to just kind of like cycle through some if you will slightly human interest stories on some interesting things going on in the industries. But the three that we talked and all the industries grew well, but the three we talked about were kind of like greater among equals and had some interesting byline stories with them. So you can kind of almost infer from that what the automotive and some of those other sectors were slightly above, we had pretty strong overall growth rates, maybe slightly above that in terms of automotive, energy and electronics and well actually aerospace I think was more this year. So now on the China one actually I may have lost the question, but the fact is what we’ve got there is we've got a renewed strengthened relationship with the channel partner there, but we've also continued to build our own direct presence and that's really being done collaboratively with the channel because we've got a good partner there, but we also see that as the size of business grows, the nature of the relationships we have require touch points at local areas for advance support for advanced services for different kind of communications there. So you’d see both of those continue to grow over time and they should grow at reasonably healthy levels. 
Jim Cashman: Nothing that isn’t already factored into our plan and of course we have that factored into our plan which is one of the investment areas that we've talked about. We have strengthened up some of those areas of higher international growth and we've most certainly since I have talked about barriers to adoption and technological hurdles even on some of the Q&A of this call, investing in that technical, that next generation of products. So it’s kind of like here they didn’t stop when they have the spinning hard drives, now you got solid state drives, you got all sorts of different things. So we need to keep jumping the curve there because the demands that our customers are having are just so great that you can’t sit back with today’s technology.
Jim Cashman: Well first and foremost if you look at the integration with Ansoft, I mean obviously it is in the long run, we want to where really all products will integrate with one another because even when you are talking about laying out chip design and things like that, the heat dissipation, vibration resistance, packaging concerns, all those things. So I mean the mechanical effects are also important, but you have to take these in digestible chunks and so obviously some of the key ones are making sure that as you are optimizing your power utilization, you are not sacrificing signal integrity, you are not sacrificing the functioning of things. So there have been things that in terms of the first steps or may be getting too minute here, but having SIwave to integrate with Sentinel for instance to actually link some of those things together. But long term, we want all those operating together because in general at the end of the day when you think in terms of doing a virtual prototype early on, sometimes even pre-design in some cases before you even get into a tad environment. You are looking at different concepts that you might look at. The balancing of electrical and electronic needs with the overall mechanical delivery and packaging and the like, they all have to play in to one another. They all affect manufacturing costs, they all ultimately affect reliability and meeting the functional specification. So, if you are looking at the whole product, you just can’t start to parse out a part of it, just to say we all only worry about the structural part, we all only worry about key management, or we all only worry about the circuit. We’ve already seen a number of examples where not attention to detail of the holistic impact of all those things working together actually can cause some major product hiccups. And so it really all has to work in a combination standpoint.
Jim Cashman: Well it actually can flow in both directions. And if you think about some reasons that it hadn’t been done was the connectivity and interoperability really hadn’t been there for people to even wrap their minds round utilizing. That’s one of the things that is pretty interesting in terms of having data integration between these products. You don’t even have to worry about translating data and writing files and slipping things around. So, yeah, I mean, just like there are concerns. If you look about chip manufacturers is maybe as you start to get to more 3D type of devices and system-on-chip type of things, these mechanical aspects become important.  At some point, the structural reliability of increasingly more delicate and thinner leads and connection points between them become more, but definitely the ability to package those things in a number of varieties across all industries, I mean electronics is becoming increasingly important in all forms of what used to be traditionally mechanical products and that parenthesis simply going to continue on. So it really moves in both directions but I think in many cases the near term it might bit more into the work loads of the larger product integrators.
Jim Cashman: Well, they are getting more aggressive but they are still kicking the tires. It’s one of those types of things, because the situation is, one of the things where a lot of time you don’t realize you have a problem until the usage picks up in large amounts and then all the clutter and the chaos can start to ensue so like when you first get your new laptop you are not worried about storage space and things like that, but the data kind of builds up and you kind of loose track of how you name things and you try to find stuff that becomes more of an issue. The other thing is that even when that happens when people become aware that they have problems, they are not always aware of what the solution is and it tends to be a combination of enabling technology like we’re providing. But it also provides if that thing – now how will they utilize that internally to solve their problems and that’s where links in with their organization and process and that becomes a long hole in the tent. So and I would say the other thing is that the more people have tried over earlier generation solutions, the more actually legacy could be, it could be a stumbling block in terms of being able to look at new things and when you see that throughout history in terms of industry. If you've got a Greenfield to build on, you could be a lot more flexible whereas if you try to bridge from something that you already had in place, sometimes that could be more constraining. So in general, it’s still relatively early when it does take hold, it takes hold very quickly, so accelerating, but still kicking the tires, it’s still a pretty good summary.
Jim Cashman: Well, the first thing is that the percentages have stayed relatively good, we don't have, again, our top 10 are roughly about 10%, I still think we are under 30% you know we’ve typically been in that high 20% for the top 100 but that's probably about 30% now. And then that’s somewhat consistent with something we stated at Investor Day last year, might see a persistent trend going here that the more penetrated users academically, the more penetrated ones are also very underpenetrated. But they tend to outgrow the average a little bit, because they are starting to, they've got to the point where they can start to accelerate that. So you might see that's why there maybe a slight tweak-up in both of those. But nevertheless, we still don't have any single customer above the let’s say safely above the 5% I mean it’s actually lower than that. So those trends are still pretty much what we’ve been talking about actually the last couple of years.
Jim Cashman: The answer to both those questions are, yes; so the net base is growing but actually if you, some of you I know you have Jay, but if we can talk about in terms of the number of usage is one growth avenue for us, but the density of usage and intensity of usage area also ones. So HPC, you know one plays into what percent people time, they actually utilizing, so it’s a very sporadic usage. The other one is how intensely are they using and that’s where HPC builds out. So, yet the user count has been and the base number of licenses are bit growing but on a much smaller denominator HPC continues to be a big grower for us also.
Jim Cashman: It’s been pretty steady. I am actually going to do a quick stand here, but it’s been, there is basically been, there is definitely not a downward trend, but I don’t think that was strong upward model. I would probably call pretty darn stable. The thing is, I just looking at some charge that I have and the one thing that, the thing is sometimes these things have to be seasonally adjusted because of some of the volume purchase kind of things that are contractual. But there wasn’t anything that standout, as you know we’ve been formally tracking them for almost a decade now.
Jim Cashman: It’s paying; I think that’s a technical term. You know, first of all, there is two things on the job side. First of all, as I mentioned, increasing number of users out in the job market and people hiring there; that definitely creates an improvement for us but even when people have it, it’s interesting to see how people have been utilizing this software to amplify the engineering talent that they do have. So we’ll see that trend. Now, if we take it internally, because I think part of your question was also on that. Yeah, we have been hiring and I mean anybody that goes to our website can see that we have high double-digits of places we’re still looking. But the key thing is that some of these people were looking for are very unique kind of individuals. Those high-end engineering algorithm but also understand advanced comp side kind of issues, again blend those things together, which by the way, is why it’s really difficult for anybody else to build an ongoing quality theme of this nature. But nevertheless, we do that. The second thing is that, since we’re going for the best people out there, a lot of the best people are the ones that are most secured in their jobs and in particular, in this market, they tend to be some of the more resilient protected people. You had that fact that as we bemoaned for several years, the US in particular and Europe not a whole lot better, haven’t been graduating tons of new engineers and technical talent. That’s why we’ve been investing so heavily over the years in the academic program, and our co-op and intern programs and things like that to get access to it. But it is difficult to build that up, particularly if you are somewhat uncompromising in the type of talent that you’re bringing in. So yeah, that has been an issue. Now we definitely have had better prospects over the last year than we have in some of the prior years; but it still is a challenge.
Jim Cashman: Sometimes we do. And sometimes it’s actually done by mutual consent with the customer and our employees and sometimes they actually help us in that process. The general departures are not very high, but when they do, they usually go back and concentrate on the full time degree or actually getting into that customer environment. So yeah, that’s probably the number one issue, albeit on a pretty low base of number.
Jim Cashman: Well, the first thing I would want to say is that this is one of these things that an awful lot of stuff we just have embedded and we have the knowledge of what's going on. What I am not always current on is who has given out permission to talk about. Some customers, particularly the most innovative ones are the ones that are guard that with a strict secrecy. So we have to respect that and in the absence of certainty I have to err toward being more cautious on that. The only thing that I will give a general answer and when we do get some of those, we do try to put those out on press releases and highlight them on our website, so there is a section that will do that one of the more recent ones and we can’t talk about this.
Jim Cashman: Well, I know but all I can say is by next week we will be able to talk about specific example, but its one that's really, really cutting edge, its been in the news and it really gets into, it really underscores the concept of being able to use comprehensive multi physics, but it also is combining something of really getting it right before you even have the first prototype to work with, being able to work an awful lot of these particular issues and continue to drive it. So I would really like to be able to check on that, but we’ll be coming out with that and it would become public next week and it maybe public now, I just don't want to take that chance.
Jim Cashman: Well, as you know can tell, as you can tell from the base the leases, they also grow with us and given the fact at least leases tend to accumulate overtime. The new leases don’t bump up the addition of the newer lease that would bump up the lease base as much with the license you know has an impact. So we continue to see, we continue to see growth in those particular areas. I think generally if there is a long term stand point there maybe a slight trend towards owning versus renting deal, particularly by the bigger companies once you get to a boarder proliferation. But that’s largely decisions made by their finance team, not by anything we’re doing. But as you see, as you can probably check the charts, the general lease base stays at that 30% amount actually bumps up a little bit when you add Apache into the mix, because they are largely almost exclusively time based licenses. But we see that thing continuing to go on and so that part doesn’t really tend to, it grows but we don’t see wholesale ships, nor we do try to really do it some one way or the other.
Jim Cashman: Okay. So no, like I think we said during Jay’s question that the large scale adoption tends to spread, it grows slightly in aggregate above the average. They are tend to guarantee pack and visually picture after they are kind of on that slightly more accelerating part of it albeit everybody’s in the first half of the curve. That trend has continued.
Jim Cashman: No more questions, okay. So I guess just closing, if you haven’t kind of picked it up or even in these questionable times, we are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for 2012. But again, there is going to be challenges but everybody is having though. The emphasis on 2012, it’s going to be the ongoing integration of the Apache business combined with a continued focus on basically differentiating and extending our technology. And then apart from that execution on the plan we have talked about, roll customer engagements. So again, I will give my usual shed out to the combination of basically the customers that have been with us for years, the partners that have been with us for year, our employee and you combine that with the vision, the business model and our technology base and that gives us a lot of tools to navigate through any kind of time width. So I thank you for joining us this morning and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter and hopefully seeing a bunch of you next week in New York City. Thanks a lot.
