Ajei Gopal: Hey. Good morning, Jay. So let me take that. And so there's a – there's clearly a bit of a misunderstanding in your question. So let me just try to sort of lay this out so that you have more clarity on the context here. So as you know, in the context of the broader U.S. foreign policy shifts, the Department of Commerce is engaging both privately and publicly with companies to apply export controls to China of certain technologies. And of course, elite high-tech companies are facing new restrictions. And given the capabilities of ANSYS products and their broad applicability across industries and across use cases we have implemented an additional layer of vetting for prospects located in China to comply with the incremental requirements from the U.S. Department of Commerce. So let me just sort of walk through how the quarter unfolded. So we were on track to delivering against our third quarter guidance commitments when the Commerce Department informed us of these additional restrictions as well as incremental approval processes on the sale of certain ANSYS' products to entities located in China. And so we immediately complied. We suspended processing orders from those affected prospects that were located in China pending the resolution of some ambiguities that were related to the process. And we work with the Commerce Department, but unfortunately, by the time we received clarity on the incremental vetting that was required above and beyond our existing compliance program, it was the last business day of Q3, and that made it too late to complete our vetting process within the quarter. Now moving forward, we have internally aligned our business operations to adjust to these new betting requirements and the result is an increase in the time that it takes us to process transactions with certain prospects that are located in China. But as I said in the call, despite these developments related to prospects in China, the ANSYS business overall is performing well. We delivered a strong quarter, marked by double-digit growth in ACV, and we continue to see robust and broad-based demand for our technologies and the products. And given the critical role that our solutions play in our customers' product development initiatives, and the strength of the underlying foundations of our global business, we're confident in our ability to execute against our short and our long-term objective.
Ajei Gopal: And if I could just jump in a little bit, just to talk – to give you some color about the broader environment that we're working with. I have an opportunity as part of my job to talk to customers around the world, to talk to channel partners around the world. And the demand for our products and our services continues to be as strong as ever or stronger. And just given the nature of our technology, we feel very confident in our ability to solve some of our customers' most challenging problems. So we feel very good about our business. Obviously, Nicole walked through the impact of the China additional approval processes that we just went through.
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think one of the key things that we've been doing very clearly and explicitly in our strategy is to be focusing on some important technologies that continue to improve our product capabilities and as well as being very explicit about going after some of these high growth or next-generation use cases like electrification. So if you look at the nature of our technology, we can support those use cases. We're in a position to support our customers as they're thinking about these next-generation use cases. And that's – those are the investments that we've been making in our product portfolio. And I talked about – last time I talked about these five broad areas that we're investing in, the numerics of our business, HPC capabilities, AI capabilities of course, cloud as well as digital engineering. And all of those are broad techniques that we use across our portfolio and advantage our portfolio. So the investments that we're making are paying off as we support our customers.
Ajei Gopal: So obviously, we don't know – we don't know who else has been approached privately because these conversations are taking place between the Commerce Department both privately as well as publicly. So I can't really comment on who else has been approached. But the reality, as I said before is you're seeing out there elite high-tech companies facing these new restrictions. And I would imagine that anyone who has products like ANSYS, which are highly capable products, which are broad-based and applicable across industries and across use cases might have similar discussions. But obviously, I'm not in a position to comment about those. I don't know.
Ajei Gopal: Hey, thanks for the question, Ken. So with auto, the broad-based – and I've said this multiple times, and I'll say it again, I mean, we're tied to the overall R&D cycle. And the broad-based conversations that are taking place with our automotive customers are around electrification around autonomy and those continue – those conversations and those design imperatives continue unabated as far as our customers are concerned. So that's really driving our business. And then, of course, we – as I mentioned in the script, we also have the traditional business crash testing, external airflow, things like that, which we've been doing for a number of years. So all of that continues, it's really design-driven, not manufacturing-driven. The other important thing to consider and realize is that car companies and automotive companies, frankly, all industries everyone is looking at reducing cycle time. And so as you start to reduce cycle time, what's really happening is many of our customers are recognizing that using digital techniques such as simulation allows them to achieve that reduction in cycle time. It allows them to effectively shift left. And that shift left reduces the time that it takes to bring innovation to market faster. And in a highly competitive world like automotive, for example, where you have multiple new entrances coming in as well, that design cycle is of paramount importance. And that’s really where we are seeing the opportunity. And that’s reflected in the conversations we’re having with our customers.
Ajei Gopal: Well, this issue affects prospects who are located in China. So that’s the nature of the conversation. It’s the sale of prospects who are located in China and it’s to people who are performing things like R&D and some other activities in China. So it’s specifically restricted to those kinds of customers or prospects.
Ajei Gopal: Again, I can’t – we don’t know who the commerce department is engaged with because some of these conversations are private and some of these are public. So we don’t really know who they’re engaged with. But as I said, we can see what’s in front of us. And I believe it just has to do with the fact that our products are very capable and are broadly applicable across industries and use cases.
Ajei Gopal: And specifically to follow on that point, so the incremental vetting that we’re putting in place is really that it’s an incremental vetting process that just adds a certain amount of latency to the approval process. So that’s really what’s happening in this context. And obviously, we’re just taking what we had before, which was industry standard vetting, and we’ve added some an additional layer above that.
Ajei Gopal: So let me sort of just since you asked the question, let me sort of explain what those are. And – but to get to your question about pricing, some of this is still being worked out in terms of how we would – exactly what we would price them. But I can give you some philosophy as we go through this. So obviously, AIML is one of our critical pillars that we are focused on across our portfolio. In Q2, we released a beta version of our support technology called ANSYSGPT that’s based on GPT-4. And that’s a virtual multilingual support tool that can answer customers technical questions by retrieving and summarizing ANSYS information. And we believe that will provide ANSYS to the most frequently asked questions that customers have in a matter of seconds. And obviously, it’s going to be available 24/7. So that’s the first area. The second thing that we announced last week is this new generation of products called the AI plus products. And those are building on the AI capabilities that we have available today. So these are new products that will be packaged and priced accordingly. And these new AI plus products include things like ANSYS Granta, AI plus, optiSLang AI plus. And these new products will incorporate and extend some of the AI features that we already have within these products. The SimAI technology that we talked about, this is a brand new offering that is a cloud. It’s a cloud native AI platform that will augment our 3D physics simulation capabilities. And it’s essentially one where our customers will be able to do things like design analysis optimization by using simulation results to train an AI model to predict new design configurations using deep learning techniques. And so this can predict performance across design changes, geometry changes, and so forth. It’s really a physics neutral technology. It applies across industry segments. And we can leverage simulation data whether it originates from ANSYS or from anyone else for that matter. So this is a – this is again, a new product that will be priced accordingly. The actual pricing has not been announced yet.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. Just to add to what Nicole was saying, I mean, I think that we would – when we talk about – when I talk about my own experiences with customers, sort of anecdotally as I said before, I have an opportunity to talk to customers and channel partners. And we’re really seeing strength, as Nicole said, across multiple industries and across also the different market segments. And in particular, when I talk to channel partners who focus more at the lower end, we’re seeing a lot of activity. And obviously, at our enterprise customers, where we directly engage, we’re seeing a lot of activity. So there’s a lot of design work and R&D efforts that are taking place across these industries across the world. And we believe – and we’re excited about our ability to support our customers in those spaces.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, Kelsey. With our market leading product portfolio and strong pipeline, ANSYS is well positioned to meet our commitments. I want to thank my colleagues around the world for their continued dedication to ANSYS. I want to thank our channel partners, and I want to thank, of course, our global customer base. Thank you your time today, and have a great day.
Nicole Anasenes: So Jay, maybe I'll just take the Q4 guidance question, and then we can add some more color on your last part of your question. So although we experienced an unexpected impact from changes in export compliance in China, the underlying model remains strong, as Ajei said. And as a testament to this year-to-date, we achieved 12% ACV growth in constant currency, which is of course on our model. Our business is very resilient. As you know, 80% of it comes from recurring sources. And as we look to Q4, the robust renewal business that we see in the fourth quarter gives us confidence in achieving our guidance. And maybe just to add an additional data point to add some color as to where we stand as of October. As of the end of October we have just under half the business in our Q4 outlook already committed, so despite the disruption from changes required for export or compliance in China, we're continuing to see the operational momentum in the rest of our business. That's what gave us the confidence in raising the full year ACV by $11 million compared to the August guidance, which, of course, was offset by the $25 million of impact from additional restrictions and processes in our business in China and of course, the foreign exchange impact of $28 million. But outside of this impact, we continue to see momentum across the business, and we haven't seen any notable changes in customer activity.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. Happy to do that. So why don't I kind of take you through – why don't I take you through the kind of the Q3 impact, how we – kind of how that we think that impacts 2023 and what the flow-through impact to 2024 in the long-term will be to kind of try to holistically answer some of your questions. But just too kind of give some overall context going into that in terms of your question around China exposure overall. Our business is broad and diverse, and as you know, we're diversified across many industries and geographies and customer types. And our business in China is around 5% of ACV, both on a trailing 12-month basis and full year 2022. So it's a relatively a smaller portion of the portfolio. Now in the third quarter, again, our ability to deliver that double-digit constant currency growth in the quarter despite the disruptions we saw is really a testament to the resilience of our business model, which as we talk about 2024 is what gives us the confidence in our outlook. Now the third quarter results were impacted by those incremental vetting processes and restrictions to certain prospects in China that created about a $20 million headwind to ACV and revenue, which was not contemplated in our third quarter guidance. But without this impact, we would have landed near the high-end of our third quarter guidance range on ACV and above the high end of our revenue guidance. Now we expect that the majority of the $20 million to be a timing shift with a small portion of being lost in business. So as you extend into our 2023 outlook – embedded in the 2023 outlook, it does reflect that incremental operational performance and the momentum that we've seen in the business overall, which is of course, offset by the impact from the export compliance changes, but for the full year in 2023, we expect the impact from incremental export restrictions in the vetting processes in China to have a $25 million impact on ACV and revenue, and we believe just to kind of give a rough sizing, about a third of that is loss of business and two-thirds of that would be an expected timing shift from the elongated transaction cycle. So the effect of this will mute 2023 growth in China. Now as we look to the future, the incremental export restrictions and vetting processes, we also believe will mute ANSYS' ACV and revenue growth in China in 2024 and we expect that impact just – since you asked about sizing, we expect it to be about $10 million to $30 million on both ACV and revenue in the full year in 2024. And as the majority of that headwind will be loss of business, we would expect the 2024 cash impact to be similar in that range as well. Now despite these headwinds, in February, we still expect to initiate full year 2024 guidance on our model with ACV around 10% constant currency growth, excluding tuck-in M&A. And really, the double-digit performance we saw year-to-date, the strong pipeline and momentum in our business, all of these really give us the confidence not only in our 2024 outlook, but in our ability to achieve our long-term outlook which, of course, was a 12% constant currency ACV growth, including tuck-in M&A and $3 billion of cumulative unlevered operating cash flows from 2022 to 2025.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. It was a combination of both. So as you know, our business model has been shifting to subscription lease over the long-term. And this year in particular, you've seen just generally outside of this quarter a sponsorship to lease [ph]. And so there was a mix of both that were impacted in the quarter
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So my reference to the 2023 impact of about two-thirds timing shift and one-third loss of business translates to 2024 as well, right. So the nature of this process is really just kind of an extension of that sales cycle, which in the current outlook we’re seeing, is kind of a shift of that business, kind of to the right, if you will. But the $10 million to $30 million of headwind that we’re expecting to see next year related to this specifically, is our best estimate as to what would be the net loss in 2024.
Nicole Anasenes: Sorry, are you talking about the industrial – the industry mix chart? I just want to make sure exactly what you are referring to.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, I would say so it is the industry – that the processes – the incremental vetting processes apply to essentially prospects in China that are regardless of industry, right. And so there’s additional restrictions that may be specific, but the incremental processes are agnostic across industry. The dynamics that you’re referring to just to kind of answer that particular question. So when you look at those industry mix charts, those that the relative – those kind of sizings of representation by industry are all relative. So really relative growth is more of what’s driving the mix shift in those countries. And so all of our largest industries have grown. Given – but given the strong 12 months performance in automotive, that kind of drove the overall mix shift. So it was really about relative strength in automotive than any particular weakness in any other place.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So, as just one reminder on the overall revenue results that you see in the results, we saw a lot of impact from the 606 accounting change. And so I am going to – I’ll answer to your question specifically related to that. But also kind of try to give some broader context around ACV because as you recall, this quarter ACV and revenue are highly disconnected. And your Germany answer or your Germany question is actually a prime example of the lease accounting dynamics that played out creating that year-over-year headwind. So, just to use that as an example, in Q3 2022, Germany saw exceptionally robust revenue growth. The revenue growth in Germany was 102% at constant currency. Now, the growth last year was a function of both strong ACV growth, but also the underlying accounting associated with the nature of the mix of transactions in that quarter. And so I think that just gives you kind of a microcosm in Germany being a relatively larger portion of Europe, that was a dynamic that affected overall revenue growth. But when you zoom out and although we don’t give – we don’t typically provide ACV by geography, but EMEA had good growth on ACV in Q3 and – which was really reflective of the region’s operational stability. And just to give some kind of color to the dynamics and the underlying industry performance there, high-tech, aerospace and defense, industrial equipment industries all were strong in EMEA. The quarter was highlighted by sales to a global semiconductor manufacturer and supplier. We also saw a multi-year deal with a research and development company in the A&D industry. They provided more users within its growing simulation team to access our solutions. And then we also had a multi-year deal with the European pump manufacturer that added more global users, more products, more physics, and HPC capacity. So more computation. So the revenue results are really emblematic of the dynamics that we talked about and expected in August. But the underlying ACV performance in the region is quite strong.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. Yes. I mean, I’d say that when you look underneath, so, as we said, we expect to initiate in 2024 – in February, in 2024 on the model. So 10% constant currency growth, excluding tuck-in M&A. Now, the impact of what we’re estimating to be dropout that we are kind of overcoming in that underlying model is the $10 million to $30 million of ACV in revenue. Now, throughout the year, there’s some shift in timing from this year to next year and next year to the year after. But kind of that just is like the permanent shift that we would expect underneath the covers. But in terms of the kind of – the pure headwind, which is that we’d be wrapping on coming out of 2024, it would be that $10 million to $30 million.
