A - James Cashman: But you also mentioned a couple of other things. Because actually it is not that we are changing because things were inherently bad, because actually they have been very good for a long time. Actually we are changing because - we are evolving because the world is evolving an awful lot. So the presence of cloud computing, some of the buying preferences of customers, basically being able to embrace all of those. One of the most notable recent additions is we’ve always had - perpetual - we’ve always had software as a service, we’ve always had time-based licenses. But now you get into some of these things that are being prompted about by cloud and you get into the concept of elastic licensing and different kinds of mechanisms like that. And that’s really just meeting an evolving consumer demand. So all the while, while technology is continuing to progress because we see with new technologies like additive manufacturing come forth, well, it brings a new set of pressures as to what can really benefit from simulation. So it’s just one of those things. You cannot stand pat in this industry. You have to continue. So we’ve done a lot of organic investment, but we also continue to stay very active, even in these kind of like tricky valuation times, of a heavy search on potential partners for mergers and acquisitions.
A - James Cashman: So we actually mentioned about a year ago that we - actually more than that. We started to shift some of our sales force because there are an increasing number of customers that are interested now in moving toward these system-wide adoptions of simulation. However, there is still a lot of traditional base. They’re still doing tactical, technical buys. And we need to be able to serve both of those markets as that latter market continues to mature. So what we started to do was actually segment from what was basically an all-geographic-based sales force to one that are actually more targeted toward those larger engagements while also not leaving the tactical, territorial ones behind also. So in fact that was part of the transition and turbulence that we were seeing, talking about probably even as recently as four quarters ago. So that’s still going on in place. But the fact is we are now starting to ramp up. And I think you can even see from the measures of these that they are, in fact, starting to ramp up. The other interesting part of this is that we’re also seeing, though, that once people get into this mode, they’re able to now adopt the value much more quickly. And we’re seeing that we’re getting some periodic additions from companies that may have already even committed to a multiyear deal, but now they’re actually accelerating that. It’s just that we’ve removed some of the barriers by making it very easy for them to adopt on an enterprise basis and quickly learn internally as to which paths are the right way to go.
A - James Cashman: And I think during this situation where you have more and more companies entering that kind of thing on top of the macroeconomic choppiness, I think there will be some chop in those numbers. The bottom line is, at the end of the day, I don’t want to be cavalier about this, we don’t care that much over the long term because as long as we lock in customers we know our retention rates are very high. And right now, we are really trying to get the ramp of having more people utilizing the technology. So we just want to make sure that there are numerous ways and no particular enforced financial hurdles that could slow down that potential ramp-up.
A - James Cashman: So you can have a pretty dramatic swing in a shift toward lease-based licenses. But if you compare it to the total accumulated over history standpoint, it may look like a lower number but it’s really showing some fairly significant growth. I think that’s maybe the big comparison is when you compare perpetual growth, you are comparing it to only what happened last year. When you are comparing lease growth, you are comparing to what added on to what preceded by the previous 30 years or 40 years of accumulated lease base. I think that’s more of just a mathematical analysis of it. The other thing is when you shift from a perpetual to a lease, I mean while the deferred balances go up and things like that, first of all, an annual lease is less than a perpetual license. And on top of it it gets ratably recognized, so you don’t even see all the impacts of that. But in general you see a steady growth going up. But I think that’s how the math is working if I am understanding the question right.
A - James Cashman: Amidst all that we are also - over the years we’ve tended to get a very complicated number of SKUs, if you will, and we are trying to simplify the SKU base. So even while it’s getting broader, it’s probably going to have more discrete chunks in there. That being said, I really want to wait until we get the specific product release information on that, which is going to be later this year. Because anything else would be - there could still be some fine tuning. It would be like a pre-announce. It really wouldn’t be right. Other than the fact that trajectory-wise those are the trends that we are doing, but they are also in support of what we have done forever. So now the second part of the question was related to SeaHawk and SeaScape, right? You are absolutely right. Now, it got its start in the chip business. And that was really where some of the main brain power from our technology group put that to play. And also you look at the complexity, when you are talking about 5 billion to 10 billion transistors and how you look at all the permutations and how do you actually simulate all that, and just doing brute force computations is one of the reasons why it was very difficult to apply that. Well, so that’s why it came out in that manner. But as opposed to putting things in individual products, we - you just mentioned the word platform, and as that, there are certain things that need to transcend and go across all products. So you look at multi-physics; that’s got to be handled at a platform level through our flagship products. You look at the advanced kind of calculations. So in general the SeaScape-SeaHawk was actually made a platform element. And it is our full intent, again, not pre-announcing specific releases here, but it is our intent to actually apply that in. So I think you can see, as you started to do some very complicated simulations, maybe particularly of complete mechanical systems, or you look at complex hybrid systems between software, mechanics and electronics all combined, it might be needed in Internet of Things or autonomously driven cars, those type of things, or very, very complicated non-linear calculations, even in a particular, like mechanics or fluids, kind of situation. These kind of capabilities for handling the big data and then also using machine learning to learn from that and make it more efficient are clearly things that we have slated on. It is just that we haven’t attributed those to any specific release, but they have applicability across a broader range of calculations for sure.
A - James Cashman: So it is clearly - I can only think of maybe one of the situations where that wasn’t the case, where it was just in some cases they were just expanding and already well staffed that group. But really the premise of that is, if you will, moving down the pyramid into broader bases of usage and usually involved with that also is utilizing it earlier in the design cycle where you have a disproportionate impact on innovation.
A - James Cashman: I am just saying that our relative positioning in it as a result of both chip package system and the SeaScape kind of platform type of things have put us in a much better competitive situation which in turn has led to accelerating growth where actually it’s - well, it is all time-based and you have got a long pipeline of things. The pipeline is building nicely. And as we mentioned, the growth is accelerating, which kind of turned - reversed the trends that we might have been seeing last year. So I still think the - I don’t know, Maria, do you have different comments on this? I still think the headwinds are still kind of there but our relative stead in there has actually improved.
A - James Cashman: That being said, they are still right now comparing what does it mean to turn loose that amount of computing, pay for it through a service versus the not having to maintain an IT staff and all the different things that are associated with that. And that really is what has been the major things that people have been doing. It’s almost the comparative of the cost of the infrastructure, control of the infrastructure, things like that. Now that being said, there will be an additional layer there, so okay, what’s the advantages of actually doing flexible licensing versus actually hosting owned licenses, be they time-based or perpetual? That’s one that people will only be starting to dig into now, but that’s really kind of the age-old question on anything. Do you buy something? Do you lease something? Or do you just rent it for the weekend that you need it, if you are buying like - getting access to yard equipment, things like that? So that’s part, given the elastic pricing hasn’t been out that long and given the fact that people are still trying to single out, if you will, the infrastructural cost, we are still at the early stages of that. But we have time to adjust. I agree with you there is interest. There’s maybe a little bit of a gap between interest and ultimate adoption, but that ultimate adoption will come.
A - James Cashman: And that being said, I’d say that, if you will, our independence has actually made us attractive in mixed-vendor environments and mixed supply chains to being able to do that. So it really - we really haven’t seen a lot of change, I mean other than the fact that - I’d say the one change we’ve seen, which usually happens when a CAD/CAM company buys a simulation product, is people that were on a different platform now are strongly kind of looking at moving into that environment with us. So really it’s - I guess we really don’t see any directional change or we’re not really surprised by too many things. Now, to answer the first part of your question or at least one of the parts of the question is, oh, yeah, we still like some of the larger ones, but you said which parts of the - we have the basic families of physics all covered, had that for a while, and the only ones who do. However, every one of those continue to need to be continued to develop. So even though our home PC was around for many years, the processors need to get faster, the graphics need to get better, the connectivity needs to get better. Likewise, even though we have got industry-leading capabilities and have had, we need to continue to progress those further in addition to meeting the evolving and emerging new trends that are pretty much in the news today, like the Internet of Things, like autonomously driven car, getting into additive manufacturing, all those things that put new twists, if you will, on building virtual prototypes.
