Maria Shields: Yes. So, Tyler, thank you for the questions. With respect to – I’ll just comment on Q3. Q3 played out largely in line with what we had expected, no real surprises there. Q4, as we’ve been saying, quite frankly, all year long, the year was going to be very back-end loaded. And that is just a result of all of the multi-year leases that are scheduled for renewal in Q4. And we have a high level of confidence based on not only what we’ve been able to execute upon in the first nine months in a year, but more importantly, these are relationships with long standing customers of which we’ve grown our footprint and the importance and criticality of simulation to their R&D and product life cycle. So we’re highly confident and we know we’ve got a great team and we’ve demonstrated in the first nine months that we’re able to engage with customers and to close large deals. And so that’s what gives us the confidence that we’ve got a strong pipeline. We’ve got good visibility into the quarter and compared to where we were in August, we’ve obviously been in active conversations with a number of these customers. And so all of that is what gives us the confidence in the increased outlook that we put up this morning.
Maria Shields: Yes. What I would say is, Ken, no different than what we’ve seen all year. As I said, if you’ve listened to the script, while we’ve seen an impact in SMB and some of the new business, when it comes to these renewal, now that we’ve shifted away from a perpetual model to a lease model, the reality is the customers need to make sure that we close those deals in Q4, so that they can continue to have access to the technology, that’s critical to their R&D process. So it’s the visibility, it’s the ongoing relationship and it’s the critical nature of what we provide to our customers that continue to give us confidence that we’ve got a strong pipeline and that Q4 is going to be – but, frankly, the largest quarter in the company’s history.
Maria Shields: Yes. So Jackson, what I’d say is, those five-year deals are still an anomaly. And what I say is, if you look at the particular customers that have decided to extend the five-year deals, some of them are already two or three cycles into these leases, these multi-year leases. And so they’ve got a lot more confidence. And they also tend to be in verticals, where the product lifestyle – life cycles are much longer. And they’ve been using simulation for much longer than some of the customers. So the combination of all those factors is what’s really driving them to have the confidence to extend the term, so that they can plan accordingly and we can work with them on successful deployment of particularly new technologies that they’re trying to roll out across their R&D teams.
Maria Shields: Yes. So Jason, I’ll say is, it was a private company that perhaps U.S. GAAP was not exactly how they kept track of their books and records as we do as a public company. And we didn’t spend a lot of time going back and trying to recreate what their GAAP results would look like. They were growing, they were profitable and absolutely, we are very excited about the opportunity to extend our presence in aerospace and defense. Particularly, as you think about, over the course of the next decade, we are lot of that spend is going to be coming from. I mean, the amount of investment that the private sector is putting into space is incredible and satellites and all of these mission critical systems, where the synergy between the technology that AGI has and our technology as demonstrated from the early successes we saw in our partnership. We’re very excited about the long-term opportunity to marry that business with the ANSYS business and to expand our presence in that important and growing vertical.
Maria Shields: And Jay, with respect to the hiring comments, what I’d say is as you know, we’ve reduced our planned spend early in the year when the pandemic began to impact the business. And with the recent extended lockdowns in EMEA, in certain parts of the United States, we just think there’s still enough volatility and uncertainty that it makes more sense for us to continue to be prudent in our hiring and in other things that are not critical to the long-term success of the business. And additionally, as we think about Q4, our plans are to go ahead and close AGI, which will add a couple of hundred new employees into the ANSYS family. So I would think much more certainty around the pace of recovery in the overall global economy would make us much more comfortable to perhaps return to a more rapid pace of investments, as you saw perhaps in 2018 or 2019. But right now, I think it’s a little bit too early for us to pull the trigger on more increased investments, particularly in the hiring front, given that, that’s 70% of our spend.
Maria Shields: Yes. So Saket, what I would say is currency did not play a factor in our increasing our outlook for the key metrics that we were able to increase. The rate are basically within the ranges that we used when we guided in August. It’s really the increased visibility and strength of the pipeline that were the underlying factor in our deciding to go ahead and increase our outlook now that we are actually in Q4 and have much greater insight into the likelihood and probability of those deals closing. And for the full year, inorganic contribution was 5%.
Ajei Gopal: And from an operational execution perspective, just to add on to what Maria said, if you look at Q2, for example, we closed the largest deal in the history of the company, while everyone was working from home. At a time, when I think people had a much more bearish view of the situation with the coronavirus, as perhaps we’re seeing in the market right now. And if you look at Q3, we just – as you heard in the comments, we announced a closing of a very large deal, the second largest in the history of the company, and once again, but people working from home. So that gives you some perspective for our ability to execute in this environment. And I’d give you some perspective about the nature of the relationships that we have with a customer. And as Maria was saying, when we have these large deals, it is not just an opportunity for us to renew the existing business. It’s an opportunity for us to sell more new ACV and new capabilities, and we’re able to do that. And we’ve demonstrated that through the year and we are – and that’s the reason for our confidence in the fourth quarter.
Ajei Gopal: Well, look, I mean, I think the – what we’ve given you in terms of guidance is essentially based on the view that we have into our pipeline and the forecast that we’ve gotten from our team. So that’s very concrete, it’s not speculative based on potential directions that investment may or may not go. So we’ll be giving us a very specific concrete way of thinking about our business. Obviously, if there continues to be more investment in areas where people are using more technology, more equipment that obviously translates into the tailwind for ANSYS, that’s obviously the case. But we haven’t factored in any hypothetical incremental investment in infrastructure for our Q4 analysis.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, I don’t think there’s a one-size-fits-all that you can really apply to these deals, especially when you’re dealing with larger customers, using multiple product lines. A lot of the opportunity within the account depends on the nature of the programs that customers have. In some cases, they have activities or programs where they’re using simulation, and you can really see the growth of the use of simulation, and that’s kind of factored into the way the deal is structured. And in some cases, in a multi-year deal. And in some cases, you’ll see the desire not just to increase the number of users, but maybe to bring on a new technology and start to work and add a new technology capability to that. So it really – there’s no one-size-fits-all. But what we try to do when we sit down with our customers and work through the details of a multi-year deal is to really understand the demand dynamics within the customer. We usually have a pretty good sense of where the usage is. What they’d like to try to accomplish, map that against our capabilities, and then that’s how we find the basis of a conversation in the agreement.
Ajei Gopal: I think, as I said, there’s nothing that we can give you that that’s standard for every single deal. It will vary on a deal-by-deal basis. And so the objective – our objective is to make sure that we can satisfy our customers’ needs by getting them as much technology as they can take advantage of. And in many cases, you’ll see customer usage varying on programs, and in some cases, wrapping up. And so that’s really reflected in this. I cannot tell you on a one-size-fits-all because it’s very bespoke on a case-by-case basis.
Ajei Gopal: Okay. So let me start, Jay, with the first part of your question, let me start with that one. Look, you’re absolutely right to observe that. We have been able to bring integrated multi-physics capabilities to market to address the needs of our customers. We’ve talked about 5G, we’ve talked about electrification. These are all capabilities that require multiple physics working together, a true multi-physics capability with a workflow and integrated data flow and automation that goes with that. Rotating machinery, for example, there are many examples that we can point to. The infrastructure that we’ve built within our portfolio not only the world class solvers and physics capabilities that we have with the infrastructure that we’ve built with Minerva, with our platform capabilities around [indiscernible] and so forth, have all given us the ability to much more effectively and rapidly integrate these solutions or these technologies together to address the needs of customers. And so you’re starting to see some of these domain-specific solutions being made available because it’s so much easier to be able to integrate our technologies together to create this multi-physics capability. So absolutely, you should see more of that. The side effect of that is it becomes easier to integrate active acquired technologies into our portfolio as well. The second part of your question was, you made the observation that mission simulation and connecting that with component level and system-level simulation, you made the observation that there may be other use cases other than space and satellite. And the answer, of course, is there’s certainly other use cases that one could imagine, telecommunications, for example, 5G infrastructure, you mentioned autonomous vehicles, these are all potential future opportunities that we would have to export to evaluate whether those would be opportunities for us to engage with.
Ajei Gopal: Firstly, we have customers who are using ANSYS technology on multiple hyperscaler infrastructures. And that’s the reality of the situation today. The ANSYS Cloud offering per se, the one that we take to market is running on top of Azure. And there really isn’t any fundamental restriction on the capabilities that we could make available on ANSYS Cloud. We have our flagships on ANSYS Cloud, and we will continue to add capabilities to that – to the cloud offering as it makes sense. So it’s – you should look to us to continue to make investments in ANSYS Cloud, you should look to more capabilities in there. But we have to be cognizant of the fact that, as I’ve explained in my comments, we have to be cognizant of the fact that our customers, for the most part, are still running on-premises in their own data centers or in private clouds. And our objective is to make sure that our technology is there. It’s available and ready to go. And as and when the customers are ready, we’re able to support them with ANSYS Cloud.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. As I think about the remainder of the year, I’m excited by our continued execution, our diverse customer base and our strong pipeline. Our customers continue to rely on simulation and our ability to close large deals remotely only adds to that excitement and confidence. In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their continued support. And a special thank you to my ANSYS colleagues around the world, your work continues to inspire. You have my gratitude for delivering another strong quarter. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Please enjoy the rest of the day.
