Ajei Gopal: Gal, good morning. That's a great question. So the way you should think about how we monetize that is, it's really through product licensing. So when we license our technology to customers, we give them access to the use of us, take a multi-year lease as an example, we give them access to use our technology for a duration of time. And we also give them access to high performance computing capability. And that HPC translates into license software for us, license revenue for us or license ACV. And of course, access to the solvers themselves also show up as licenses. So in the aggregate, both the ability to use the technology on more processing translates into license for us. And the ability to use more of our software in that context translates into more license. So that's how we monetize it. And that's how it shows up in our financials.
Ajei Gopal: Why don’t I jump in Gal, because I have some context. And then maybe I'll ask Nicole to add a little bit more. So if you look back at 2019, and you consider the evolution of our business, and we describe some of this in the investor update presentation that we did earlier this year, we've been in the process of a transformation in our business model, where we've been taking advantage of these three vectors of growth that you alluded to earlier. And we've been using that to really transform our business model in the way that we support our customers. So we've increased the amount of lease that we do with our customers. And that translates into obviously stickier relationships with our customers as we go forward. So look, at the end of the day, it comes down to the products that we have, and the capabilities that we provide and our ability to address some of our customers’ most challenging market needs. And we have an amazing portfolio, we've continued to build in that portfolio, we've continued to expand that capability that makes it even more relevant for our customers today as compared with years ago. And the nature of the business model, the nature of the ability to monetize that relationship, all of that translate into our ability to be very resilient, no matter what happens out there in the market. So we have a very resilient business model that I'm excited about. We've talked about how we are and I mentioned this in my script, we talked about how our technology is very broad across multiple physics, we're not overly reliant on a single product line, we talked about how we're, we have presence in multiple industry verticals. And we mentioned, I mentioned high tech, I mentioned automotive, I mentioned aerospace as examples. And of course, we have presence in others. And we talked about our geographical distribution as well. So that gives us the ability to be resilient when a particular industry changes or when there are particular challenges in an individual market. Now, in the face of a global pandemic, of course, as you saw going through this, that's an overarching global phenomenon. And there, it just goes back to the core value proposition of our products, which is we help our customers build better products, bring them to market faster, at lower cost, we help them reduce warranty costs, we help them be more efficient. And so that combination of being able to support them from a top line perspective and drive both top line growth, as well as support them from a cost perspective really stands us in good stead in rough economic times, which is obviously what we've seen in the last couple of years. So that part, in part contributes to the momentum of the business that we've seen in the past. And frankly, that contributes to the momentum of the business that we're seeing, that we're seeing today. And I've had the opportunity to now spend a number of over the last couple of months, I've had an opportunity to spend time with customers in person in the US, in Europe, in Asia. And what I'm hearing from customers around the globe, is very consistent perspectives on the pressures that they're having to be able to continue to drive their businesses forward. So they've all got multiyear product roadmaps that they need to advance their businesses. And frankly, they're use-- they're relying on us. They're relying on simulation to be able to not only deliver on those roadmaps but to be able to deliver on those roadmaps as efficiently as possible. Because they know that simulation can help them save time and money through the avoidance of physical testing and things of that nature. So that's all contributed to the momentum that we have in the business. And I'm really excited about where we are right now.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, so firstly, Tyler, the first point is competitive displacements are in our industry relatively difficult, right? They don't happen. They don't happen on a regular basis. These are relatively difficult. And when they do happen, it's something that you are excited about because the customer has a specific need. And obviously, they're not able to satisfy that need, based on whatever products that may currently be using. And whatever they're using right now may or may not, if it's not able to address their needs, not able to solve their problems, not able to provide the level of fidelity or accuracy they're looking for, not able to integrate with the systems that they need to, they'll look for another solution. And as you rightly pointed out, we were excited. And I mentioned this in my script, we were excited about one of our competitive displacement this year, that we noted. But more generally, the nature of these displacements is driven by as you pointed out the strength of the portfolio. Look, we've made a lot of investment in improving the product from a performance perspective, from a usability perspective, from an integration perspective, if you look at some of the releases that we've announced, for example, most recently, in R3, in R2 in 2022 R2 one example on scalability. I mean, we're using a GPU scalability and achieving enormous acceleration in solving capacity for our customers. These are all incredible innovations that they value. And as they start to look at our roadmap and the organic activity that we've got, they realize that they should be committing to us, because we will be able to help them not just only today, but out in the future. So that's how I see it. And obviously, as you mentioned, inorganic, obviously we continue, we've made a number of good acquisitions. They have been integrated into our portfolio as well. And that just adds to the breadth and depth of our technology and capability.
Ajei Gopal: Hey. So let me start first, Jay, thank you for the question. Let's talk about a little bit about R&D and prioritization. As you know, and I think we've discussed this in our investor updates, we have a pretty robust mechanism of being able to allocate resources against priorities. And we do that analysis. And that ultimately influences where we're spending our money and our resources in order to achieve the outcomes that we're looking for. From a product perspective, I think you should understand that we look at sort of the core physics evolution, and there is an amount of work that we have focused on the evolution of the core physics, and that's algorithmic advances, all of the work that you would expect to continue to make structures better than ever, or fluids, the fluids better than ever electromagnetics, et cetera. So we have a stream of activity within the R&D organizations which do that. We also have, as we broaden the portfolio, we have some platform level work. And that really addresses the needs across multiple products. So it's a support for the cloud. It’s support for products like Minerva, these are value propositions that apply across all of the physics and all of the verticals, as we deliver to our customers, the simulation platform that allows them to manage these really complex simulations that we're dealing with. If you look at technologies like materials, for example, that's again, very valid as you start to think about multi product sales materials comes in and provides a significant amount of capability in that context. So the other thing to note is that some of the techniques that we have developed, for example, GPU acceleration, where we've done some incredible work, that's technology that can be shared across the physics, some of the ray tracing techniques that we've developed, and once those are applicable across others, so we're leveraging the teams to be able to take advantage of learnings from one team to the other. So I'm very comfortable with our position with our R&D footprint, I think we have a fantastic roadmap. And I think it continues to add to the value proposition for our customers, which is we can continue to help them solve their most challenging problems now, and they have confidence in our roadmap, going into the future to support them. They understand the value proposition of being able to reduce costs, they understand we can help them reduce warranty costs. All of those things are reflected and supported by our R&D roadmap.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, sure. Just to jump in here. Obviously, we read the same headlines that everyone else does. But look, our outlook is based on the reality that we're seeing in the field. And as I mentioned earlier, up in the last couple of months, I've had the opportunity to spend a fair amount of time on the road. And as I said earlier, I've talked to customers across in different geographies, I've also spent time with the sales force in the field, in these different geographies as well. And we're not seeing the challenges that you might read about in the headlines reflected in our business. And I will sound like a broken record. And forgive me for repeating myself. The value proposition that we provide is tied to R&D. And customers have multiyear R&D product roadmaps and the competitive environment for customers is more challenging today than it's ever been. And so they understand the lessons of the past, which is that if you see concerns in the headlines, then you pull your R&D investment back when those concerns are passed, you're now behind and you lose market share. And that's to your detriment. They've seen this play out time after time after time. And so the investment in R&D activity continues unabated. And our value proposition is tied to R&D, because of that said, again, repeatedly, we make R&D efficient, more efficient, and we help customers dry product to market faster. So that's where our excitement comes from. It comes from what we're seeing from forecasts perspective, what we're seeing from the field, what we're seeing with our customers, and the nature of the products in the market we serve.
Ajei Gopal: Well, it's multifaceted. I mean, firstly, the observation that you're making, which is that it's easier for engineers to use simulation and more engineers are using simulation is absolutely accurate. And there are a number of reasons why that's the case. Number one, we'll start from the product perspective. The products are easier to use. And we've had significant investments in usability, in integration, all of those things over the last several years after the last decade or two, which is culminated to the situation right now, where the product is so easy to use. I don't know if you recently that you saw this, it ran by my newsfeed this morning. But there was a high schooler in California, who used ANSYS simulation to simulate the loading of backpacks on students and the impact of a backpack. And they did that analysis using ANSYS simulation, they use granter, they use mechanical, they use a number of these products working together in order to come up with a with a solution and won a very prestigious award. That's an example of how easy the technology has been to -- has become to use for people where high schoolers are able to take, motivated high schoolers are able to take advantage of the technology. That's number one. Second thing is we continue to increase our level of investment with universities, we have presence in over 1,600 universities around the world. Cornell University teaches a massive online course using ANSYS, over a quarter of a million people have signed up for that. We've had millions of people downloading the student version of our products around the world. So there is broad based understanding of our technologies at the undergraduate level. And simulation is being taught as part of the curriculum. So graduating students are coming out aware of how to use simulation, aware of the value proposition, aware of the benefits, and aware of how to use ANSYS. And that is another aspect where the entering engineering workforce is very comfortable with this technology as opposed to a few decades ago. The other thing is, of course, the use of computing, we have continued to make the technology more efficient. We've also leveraging high performance computing, we're leveraging GPUs and with the overall broad-based availability of compute, that's making it easier for people to take advantage of simulation as well. So it's all of those things. It's work flows, its product capabilities, it’s ease of use, it's integration with the academia, all of the availability computing, all of that is really exciting. And frankly, I would encourage all of you to go to the most to our website, we have a magazine called ANSYS Advantage. And the most recent one, for example, talks about some academic success stories. And that'll give you some perspective of how we're more deeply engaging with the academic community as well.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, just to jump in here. And while the transaction is obviously not material from a financial perspective, I just want to note that I'm really excited about the people who are joining the company as a result of joining ANSYS as a result of the acquisition of C&R. And, of course, the technology that C&R has built over the years. They're a leading provider of thermal analysis that used to optimize thermal systems. And they use in a number of applications, but most especially in the space in the satellite industry. So them -- their focus is on providing system level simulation for thermal and they've had a number of use cases. And they were, in fact being used as part of the James Webb telescope as well, where NASA use the C&R thermal desktop to provide a detailed thermal model of these optical and instrumentation systems. And it was used to predict things like transient profiles and gradients and heat flows as a payload transition from ambient to cryogenic conditions and back again. So by adding that to our portfolio, we will then be able to provide analysis to the customers, thermal analysis to customers from every stage from system design, all the way up to optimization from 1D tools, all the way up to 3D tools that gives us a comprehensive perspective. And then, of course, with the work that we're doing with space applications with a mission engineering suite of offerings. This further supports that and increases our competitiveness in that market as well.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, so if I can jump in and give you some color on automotive, I don't have exactly the numbers in front of me. So I will have to be a little bit more qualitative. So one of the countries that I was in a few weeks ago was Germany, I did have a chance to meet with automotive customers there. And certainly I did an Asia as well in Japan. And obviously, I spent time with our teams. Look, again, it's the same value proposition that we're dealing with the automotive industry is looking at technologies like electrification, and they're recognizing that they need to make investments to be able to move more aggressively, and consider the future of their product lines and how they're going to evolve their product line. So that's one area. In autonomy, whilst it's true that full-fledged autonomy people are recognizing is a more difficult problem to solve. There is a tremendous amount of investment, certainly in making sure ADS happens, which is safety features. And so there continues to be investment in those areas. When you consider both electrification and autonomy, these are not traditional internal combustion engine, traditional views of how a car is built, these are incremental, different, it's a different approach. It's different skills. It's different tooling, it is different technologies. And as these companies are scaling up both the OEMs as well as the tier ones and the supply chain in general. They're facing pressures to start to think differently. And that's where simulation comes in. So we have an opportunity to continue to monetize those relationships and to continue to support our customers. And that's, I think, where we see strength in automotive.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks, Kelsey. I'm excited by our outstanding performance in Q3 and thus far in 2022, along with our robust pipeline and deep customer relationships. These factors, along with a diversified business and laser focus on execution are giving us momentum as we close out the year and move into 2023. And I'm confident in our ability to achieve the ambitious long-term goals we announced during our investor update. Thank you to my colleagues at ANSYS for your dedication to our customers and to advancing the state of art, save the art of simulation. And thank you all for attending today's call. Have a great day.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, sure. Thanks. And great question, Tyler. So let me start with a perspective of how we view the overall momentum in our business. Our focus is really on how we improve our full year ACV outlook over time. And that's because the quarter-to-quarter revenue growth dynamics are really less indicative of momentum, because of the lumpiness of large deals. And also timing, the precision of predicting the timing within a specific quarter is also a little more challenging. For example, in Q3, we close over 12,000 deals in a quarter. So you can't always control the timing of when customers are deciding to close those deals. And so to illustrate the momentum we see in the business, I would point out two things. So first is looking at what we – what they started -- the answer was here I am looking at the raises throughout the year. So our $8 million operational raise that we gave in this guidance really is a follow on to a $29 million operational raise in August, which was a follow on to a $35 million operational raise in May. And so overall, we've seen consistent momentum and improvement in the business, that translated to about three points of incremental constant currency growth throughout the year. So from about 10%, in February, when we started to about 13% at the midpoint. The second thing that I'd point out is, while quarters are a little lumpy, and it's a little bit more challenging to see patterns, if you can look at kind of the first half and the second half to understand the underlying momentum of the business. So in the first half our constant currency ACV growth was around 12%. And if you look at the midpoint of our constant currency ACV growth implied in our guidance for the second half, that would be about 14 points. So you can clearly see from the first half to the second half the improvement in the momentum of the business. In addition, the incremental $8 million raise on top of the guidance we gave in August, it's an indicator of the overall improvement in the second half.
Nicole Anasenes: And, Jay, on your hiring question. Yes, our Q3 pace of hiring came in as expected, and it was at a slight -- it is at a higher rate than we did in Q3 2021. So we are keeping to our plans, we're tracking to our plans, we're continuing to hire in Q4 as planned. I mean, the overall additional point I would make is that our overall attrition still remains lower than industry averages. And that really positions us well to have the consistency and the stability in our overall organization to continue to invest in growth. And really in take advantage of the opportunities that Ajei just articulated in his response to you around your R&D question. And so we're continuing to execute against the 2022 hiring, as planned.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So first, I just kind of reiterate the point around growth rates in any given quarter, on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I mean, the absolute growth rate in Q4 that you see in the underlying guidance, remember, there's about 700 basis points of foreign exchange in that absolute number overall. So when you adjust for foreign exchange, the midpoint is around that double digit growth, which is in line overall, with our model, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, you sometimes get lumpiness in terms of when deals happen, and when there's kind of year-to-year comparison of when those deals happen. So the quarterly growth rates in the patterns of quarterly growth rates are just less indicative of overall momentum than the overall which is why kind of in responding to Tyler, I kind of gave that description of the overall momentum and so now and when you look at what can happen in any given quarter again 12,000 contracts in a quarter. Sometimes timing isn't a different, it falls into different quarters and then one would expect and so overall, the underlying optimism the business had didn't change. The underlying momentum in the business hasn't changed. We have -- we are very focused on the full year, and delivering the full year number making sure that we're getting the right deals for our customers and for the business at the right time. And so sometimes that can affect the overall underlying dynamics environment growth. But overall, Q4 is midpoint, it is still in that 10% range, which is -- which brings the second half to approximately 14% constant currency.
Nicole Anasenes: You had -- I didn't answer your backlog question. I apologize. So the backlog, on the backlog, that's really a sequential pattern as well. If you go back and you look, there's some seasonality to the way backlog kind of rolls off. And so that you also have to look into longer patterns as well. So if you look at the same quarters last year, you see that kind of seasonal pattern of the dip in backlog on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and then it kind of returns to different. So the quarter-to-quarter dynamics are less indicative of than the overall kind of full year dynamics that you see on backlog growth.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, no. I would say that the overall – over, I'll let Ajei comment because he's been speaking to customers. So he can give you the more contextual cover. But the overall, our overall outlook has improved since August. And so we're not seeing any fundamental difference other than the timing of when customers have closed deals in the quarter, so that on a constant currency basis, our growth rate is increased for the full year. And that's really driven by that $8 million operational rate. So there's nothing specific that we're seeing other than normal quarter-to-quarter dynamics in terms of when things close. But Ajei, maybe you can add some color.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, so I would say that, I mean, do you mean, in terms of when deals closed? I'd say that the linearity was somewhat more consistent, although I believe we saw a little bit more in the third month of the quarter. I'm just looking at the data here to make sure I've got it right. Yes, so we saw a little bit more in the third month of the quarter than we've seen it in prior quarters, but overall it's been largely consistent.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, so C&R Technologies is closed yesterday November 1, let's check. Closed yesterday, and so we'll have $2 million I'm sorry, two months, not $2 million, two months of top line this year, it was a very, very small technology acquisition with a de minimis impact on the overall top line of the business. And maybe you could talk a little bit.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And so just to give a little bit of color on the question you asked. The overall growth in EMEA was strong to reinforce Ajei’s point or on the backup of that in automotive. Automotive was a strong quarter in EMEA. There were several seven figure sales automotive companies really focused on things that Ajei mentioned electrification and autonomous vehicle. But high tech, the high-tech industry was also an area of strength in Q3, which was an element of the performance around EMEA.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, we mentioned I think it was on the last call, we had done a strategic review of the portfolio to identify some targeted areas where we thought that the relative value that we provide versus the pricing in the market was maybe a little askew. And so we did some targeted price increases on a subset of elements of the portfolio in July. Now, just to provide some context. So the underlying yield from that is, of course, embedded in our guidance, because we did an in July. But what I would say is that even the price increase in July, our sales cycles tend to be three to six months long on average. And when you look at the larger deals that you see in Q4, many of those are -- you're starting those conversations in January. And so our expectation with that price increase is that it would have relatively less impact in 2022.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks for letting me ask a question here. Obviously, a good quarter, curious on kind of the linearity of strength. And then maybe if you were able to kind of discuss how things might be trending through October.
Jason Celino: Yes. So you talked about in earlier questions, you can't control when customers close deals. So I'm curious on the strength that you saw or the linearity of the activity through each month of the quarter.
Jason Celino: Perfect. And then maybe just a quick housekeeping question. I think you made a small tuck-in acquisition, C&R Technologies. Again, small tuck-in, but how should we think about contribution for Q4, if there's any. Thanks.
