Ajei Gopal: So I'll let Maria jump in as well. But a couple of assumptions that we have built in perhaps that might help for the 2020 ACV assumption. Firstly, as you know, as I said in the comments, Q4 was an amazingly strong quarter in terms of ACV. So I'm excited about the performance. I'm excited about the pipeline. I think we have a very strong pipeline. Built into assumptions, there are a couple of headwinds, which perhaps might be relevant. One is, we've assumed that currency is approximately a point. So that's approximately $15 million of a headwind, and that might be relevant to the conversation. And the other is course is we are assuming from the China sanctions that there's a headwind from a growth perspective and Maria mentioned that on the call as well and that's approximately $20 million. And so taken together, that's approximately 2.3% or about $35 million headwind coming into ACV for the year. And of course, that mitigates what we have in terms of an amazingly strong pipeline.
Ajei Gopal: So, if I understand the question about R&D, and I'll try to answer it as best as I can. And hopefully this gets to the gist of your question. We as any sophisticated company with a broad portfolio of technologies, we rely on a combination of both organic development, where we have a roadmap that we execute against. And on certain occasions we rely on acquisitions. And the acquisitions could be because there's a technology that we've decided we need, which might be better served by going out and buying a company which has already developed that as opposed to developing ourselves. We have an amazingly engaged and capable R&D organization. And we continue to drive innovation after innovation. And I gave you an example of some of the innovations in HFSS. And if you look at the R1 release, you'll see a chapter and verse of all kinds of new features and capabilities that continue to enhance the products across a number of different dimensions. But at the same time, we believe that acquisitions are an important aspect, that there are a number of start-up companies that have interesting ideas. There are other companies that perhaps maybe a little bit more established that have developed great technology like LSTC had. And we're able to bring them in and rapidly incorporate them into our R&D processes and our development processes. We have an internal mechanism to be able to share information. We have a technical conference, for example, where our R&D leaders from around the world and technical leaders can come get together and share information. There's a lot of collaboration. And you're seeing that in the results. I gave the example of RaptorX. You're seeing the results in some of our optics technology will be announced and ANSYS [indiscernible], which brought together some of the work that we had on a solid modeling on the space claim slide together with the [indiscernible] capabilities and so on. You can see that in our autonomous offerings where we have brought together core technology that we've developed over the years, as well as acquisitions that came in, as well as technology that came in from acquisitions. You see that in our platform strategy, which includes capabilities that we've developed, as well as other things that we've acquired. So, it's a complex equation, but I think that our team is incredibly sophisticated, and we're able to deal with that complexity very well. So, I think that's the first piece of your question. The second piece is with respect to services. Look, we have a - we're not a services company, a professional services company that is not a business model. We're a software business. And for us while we do services are fundamentally in support of driving software sales. And now we do have a small services organization that supports some of our larger opportunities. And especially when it's in a broad new emerging area, we can certainly see an incremental set of requests for the services capabilities that we provide. But that's not our business and we work with service partners around the world who can add to the ecosystem. So, so many of our large channel partners and others can add to the ecosystem to provide service delivery to our customers. This is obviously not an area where we are focusing on trying to significantly increase our share of the business as I said, our business model is that of the software company.
Ajei Gopal: So, our partnership with Rockwell is very much about the opportunity to help with the manufacturing process. And it's the use of Digital Twins in the manufacturing process to be able to optimize that. So yes, it is related to the deployment of digital twin technology. But at the same time, this is not an [indiscernible] long term, multiyear activity. We are working actively with customers today and working together with customers, I think we can demonstrate the better the fit of the use of digital twins and being able to optimize their manufacturing processes. And I'm not sure if we could talk about specific customers today by name. But there's one particular large CPG customer, for example that we are actively engaged with that, that I'm very excited about.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, I think when you look at energy, what's happening is that the industry is transitioning some of its investments from where they've historically been. So, looking at things like digital transformation, they're looking at predictive analytics, material intelligence, additive manufacturing, robotics, autonomous systems. So, it's not only what they've traditionally looked at, but they're starting to broaden. And of course, these are areas where we can now be historically having a lot of investments and then we can continue to broaden our conversations with these service providers in the energy sector to include all the new capabilities where they're seeking to broaden their own solutions. And so that continues to drive opportunities.
Ajei Gopal: As far as our relationship with PTC is concerned. Look, I'm excited about the relationship PTC. I think that they're a great partner. And obviously, they have recently gone through the acquisition of Onshape, which is to the great technology that brought on board. And we continue to have conversations with them about how our relationship can evolve and grow. So that's an ongoing dialogue we continue to have with our partners at PTC. As far as the, the first question in terms of the Discovery business in the aggregate. I mean, I think that the technology is incredible. And we're going after a market opportunity that continues to evolve and develop. And that's one of the reasons why we've been incredibly cautious about how we imagine the financial impact of the business is going to be. And I think we've been very consistent in saying that this is going to be a relatively modest piece for business for a long time. And that's in part driven by the fact that the audience that we're going after is relatively conservative audience. And adoption of these kinds of technologies unlike a consumer technology, adoption takes time. We continue to drive the new innovation and the innovations that - I described some innovations in the call, I don't want to go through them again. But we continue to drive new innovations and new capabilities. And that continues to broaden and strengthen our capability in the market. So I'm excited about where we are. I believe we've made great progress. We've seen a progress with customers who have come through the enterprise renewal process. So it wasn't like they were just buying it to evaluate it. They're buying it and they're re-buying it. So that's a really positive sign. And we continue to see that as a tailwind for the business as we go forward.
Ajei Gopal: So firstly, the area that - let me start with the last piece. The area where LSTC has a lot of strength and automotive is in crash testing. Crash testing what I meant the more legacy areas I was talking about potentially a transition from electric to the internal combustion engine. And if you start to think about that transition, customers are spending more money on electric drive trains and thinking about that change versus internal combustion engines. However, when you consider now the fact that you have say a battery inside a car. And as I've described in previous calls the transition to an electric drive train and to a battery operated car fundamentally changes the nature of the design. The chassis changes, weight assumptions changes. There's a fundamental redesign taking place across the car in the aggregate. But that means that you have to rethink what it means for collisions and response to collisions. And then of course, the battery, you have to worry about battery explosions and battery fires and things of that nature. So you have to really rethink and spend a lot of effort understanding how collisions, because collisions of might happen, you have to make sure that the collisions are not going to be catastrophic. And that means there continues to be significant demand, even in the new world of electric cars for the kind of work that we're doing. And I'm very excited about our position there in the marketplace. So that's with respect to the actual end market in automotive for LSTC. As far as the integration of the technology and the product is going. The integration is going really well. We are - the technology is very consistent with what we expected. We were a longtime reseller, as well of the technology. So we certainly understood it before we did the acquisition is consistent with what we expected. And it's a great team and they're great people. As far as the channel partners are concerned, we're working with those channel partners. They're integrating into all the ANSYS ecosystem. And we're working with the channel partners. We're honoring those relationships. And supporting those channel partners, because they have some really valuable customer relationships and incredible skills and capabilities that we want to maintain within the ANSYS ecosystem. So we want those channel partners to grow and pride within the ANSYS ecosystem. And the good news is that we have a vibrant channel relationship already and those channel partners can grow inside. And we're very supportive of them continuing to be able to grow their businesses being part of the broader ANSYS family.
Ajei Gopal: I understand what you're saying. No, we don't we don't see any significant impact. I mean, when you consider the aggregate about business, it's so large. We're talking about a relatively de minimis amount relative to the overall value of a business. So it's a tiny - it's noise in the big scheme of things from a back end deal closing perspective. The people who actually close the deals on as far as the books are concerned. As far as the actual work with the customers as I said, a lot of that work is taking place right now where we are able to work with the customer, virtually. We're able to do continue with telephone calls. We're able to continue working over the internet. We can do webinars. We can do webcast. Customers have access to demo systems as they need to. All of that activity continues to take place. As I said, our colleagues in China and once again, I want to acknowledge our colleagues in China who've been working under difficult circumstances for a while. Our colleagues in China are able to continue to drive the business forward and they are actively working to do that. And so we feel like a lot of the spadework that we need is continuing to happen. We will continue to seek we will continue to close business in Q1. But we've model for the sake of - for the sake of being prudent we've modelled the slippage of some business into the second half. And that's course already in the guidance.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. So let me just try to take that for a second. Look, we see simulation is becoming increasingly important for a sector of the healthcare market. And while it's a relatively small vertical for us today, I think we're making significant progress there, especially in Q4 in physics that's based on the healthcare sector, specifically that we're focused on, which is things like device manufacturing, medical devices and so on. We've been working with the regulator of the FDA; we've been working with the EU. And we believe that the healthcare industry is heading more towards things like [indiscernible] trials and outcomes like personalized medicine. And then physics based simulation will play an even more active role. And we've frankly been very active in this in the field for a long, long time maybe for the last decade. And we've been engaging globally with policymakers with academics with consortia to try to make sure that we can explain to the industry and bring the industry and the regulations along to the use of [indiscernible] trials. And I think we've made significant progress. Now in Q4 specifically, as I said, we had several larger deals with medical device market leaders specifically focusing on the use of simulation and leading to products that could be deployed more rapidly, and products that could get regulatory approval more rapidly. So that translates into a very specific value proposition to the customers which is they can get new product to market faster and at lower costs and with greater probability through the regulation process. And so that's a low hanging fruit for us. But we see all kinds of opportunities in that, so we're working towards it.
Ajei Gopal: As I said, I think I mentioned this in one of the earlier questions as well. We are seeing customers in the energy sector. And again, we have a definition of the energy sector. We have customers in the energy sector who are all looking to broaden what they were previously interested in. It wasn't just the conversations that we've been historically having, the broader conversations about things like predictive intelligence and materials and robotics that I mentioned before. Another area that that continues to be of interest is emissions reduction, things like carbon capture. And so we saw some new opportunities that emerged from things like carbon capture with public applicability for renewable energy and energy storage, battery management, battery systems, and things of that nature. So, all of those are outside of the traditional business that you might have, perhaps associated with the energy sector. And those represent incremental opportunities for us as we think about our business going forward.
Ajei Gopal: Well, as I said, I think that some of the some of the directions that we've talked about in the automotive industry, for 100 years, the automotive industry has been based on assumption that it's an internal combustion engine. And it's driven by a human being. And both of those assumptions are being challenged at the same time. So, we expect a significant amount of the R&D spend is going towards is going towards these next generation technologies. It is going towards electrification it is going towards electric systems. It is also going towards electric drive trains. It's also going towards autonomy. And while we may not necessarily see full autonomy in the short term. As we go on this journey to autonomy, we have improved safety systems, we have autonomy and limited circumstances and so forth. So that level of investment is an ongoing stream of investment that we see happening for multiple years. And we're excited about that. That being said, when you when you look at the full portfolio, I think that we have some tremendous strength in the automotive industry outside of these new areas that we've talked about. We talked briefly about crash. That's an area that we continue to be strong, that's obviously through the acquisition. And we continue to be strong in other areas with the portfolio that we've driven. Some other interesting areas like optics have also come into our portfolio through acquisitions. So we have a very strong footprint in the automotive industry today. We have good capabilities, both for the emerging areas where there's a lot of R&D spend as well as the more traditional areas. And we're very excited about our position.
Ajei Gopal: Great, thank you. 2019 was another outstanding year for ANSYS. And we exceeded expectations on many of our key financial metrics. We continue to improve execution across the geographies on our go-to market strategies. We have broadened our product capabilities, and we announced several new partnerships and collaborations. These are important accomplishments and they continue to move the business in the right direction, and they give us confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. We are looking forward to another exciting year in 2020. And in closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their support. And of course, this shouts out to my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you all for your efforts and thank you for another exceptional quarter and an exceptional year. Thank you all for joining the call. Please enjoy the rest of your day.
Maria Shields: Yeah. And Ken with respect to inorganic contribution, we're expecting currently about 3% to 4% both to ACV and revenue will be the inorganic component.
Maria Shields: So, so let me talk about a couple of the primary factors that we've built into our current outlook for operating cash flow. So first and foremost, as you heard me say on the call, the slightly reduced margin in 2020 as compared to 2019. I also mentioned this is the first year that we have interest payments on the long term debt that we entered into in connection with the LSTC acquisition, that's about $13 million impact. The stronger U.S. dollar, the expectation that will have increased tax payments in 2020, related to our strong profitability last year. And one other nuance that you may or may not be aware of that relates to another accounting change. There is a new accounting standard that we adopted and that others will adopt that impacts the treatment of certain items that move from historically were treated as investing items that now move into operating. And so those will also have a negative impact relative to the cash flows in 2020. So the combination of all of those elements is what leads us to the $500 million to $530 million that we currently are projecting.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So Joe, what I'll say is on a global front. Outside of China, we don't see any huge changes from the macro environment that existed when we exited Q4. And I think for us, what gives us confidence relative to our outlook for 2020 is that to the topic that you just spoke to Ajei about, every single one of those eight figure deals that were closed in Q4 were in the pipeline when we came out with guidance in November. So we successfully were able to close every single one of those. And we know that we've got a strong pipeline of deals that are scheduled to close in Q4 of next year just because of the renewal cycle. They're lighter in Q1 just because of the ones that we closed this year that will not repeat. But we are very confident that based on everything that we know today, we've got a strong pipeline. We've got customers that are investing heavily in their own digital transformation to keep pace with market expectations. And so while it may appear on the surface, the Q1's light when you look at the full year and the fact that we're putting up double digit ACV and revenue growth at the midpoint for the full year we're very excited about the opportunity that we see ahead.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So Steve, what I'll say is there were two primary factors that contributed to where we ended up on ACV. And both of those, unfortunately, were outside of our control. The first being currency. And the second, if you recall, we closed the LSTC acquisition right before we gave guidance in November, and about 100% of that business came through their channel. We were not able to engage with the channel during the diligence. And so as a result, what we discovered once we closed that deal, that the forecasting methodology that their channel used were not necessarily aligned with what a public company would do. And so as a result that ended up the contributions from the acquisitions were a little bit less than we anticipated. So if you take the combination of the forecasting negative, which we have now fixed and has been resolved as we head into 2020 and the impact of currency, the two of those essentially would have brought us closer to the midpoint.
Maria Shields: Yes. And I'll just say, Steve, relative to the that commentary, we have factored in into our Q1 outlook, some prudent caution relative to the corona virus and the impact that it will have on our Q1 business in China, specifically.
Maria Shields: So what I'll say Jason is, please keep in mind that Q1 is the first quarter of all five of the acquisitions coming into play that we did last year. So the combination of the acquisitions along with our own organic hiring, and a number of digital transformation activities that we've got going in our own business, just resolved in Q1 having a lot less variable cost than if you look across the entire year. So we're excited that we will continue to run our business with diligence that will continue to deliver best in class margins. But we really encourage you to look at the margins over the course of the full year, as opposed to just a 90-day period.
Maria Shields: So, Tyler, what I'd say is like any year end there are customers that will apply pressure to get better discounts or better terms and conditions. And so, if you decide to take those skills, then you can always end up at the high end of guidance. And if you decide to think about our business as a long term play and not give in to the pressures of giving away software and services that are highly valuable for discounts that make a number in Q4 look better. We just choose to run our business for the long term. And so there's always ways to make the numbers look better. But are they the right ways for the business in the long term? So, as we said, we're very excited about our performance in Q4. We closed the deals that were in our forecasts that mattered. We had a record quarter. And we're excited about what we see ahead for 2020.
