Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. So, firstly, the deal was with a customer who is a longtime ANSYS customer and this reflected their success so far with the ANSYS portfolio and a broad expansion of the opportunity that they are driving across all of the physics. So, it represented essentially an expansion across all of our physics and a significant broadening of their usage of our capabilities.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. So, firstly, it is, as I said, Multiphysics. And secondly, you're absolutely right, they are broadening the usage up earlier in the design process as we discussed. So, it's moving earlier in the design process. The details of exactly what they're doing, they are somewhat coy about us actually sharing that in public. So, I have to be a little bit careful about. I can't mention who they are and I can't mention exactly the applications.
Ajei S. Gopal: And as Rick mentioned at Investor Day, we're making investments in these relationships with our large customers. What they value is the technical relationship that we have with them. We're certainly investing in that, in those relationships. They also value the nature and the completeness of our offerings. And so, as we go to market with these customers, we have a new organizational approach, Rick mentioned that in Investor Day, and that allows us to bring the right and relevant experts to be able to have these conversations in depth with our customers. And certainly, when you see the expansion capabilities within our portfolio, no one's going to show up on day one and never having been a customer with ANSYS and sign a multi – double-digit-million-dollar deal. That typically isn't going to happen. What instead will happen is the customer will come on board. They'll have some success with some set of technologies and some capabilities, we'll prove ourselves out in a project and that activity has been going on, frankly, for years with some of these customers. Now as they're seeing these additional pressures where businesses are now having to respond to digital technologies, electrification, areas, for example, they may not necessarily have been historically participating in, they're now recognizing that they have to take this broader multi-physics approach to being able to address their product lifecycle. And as I said earlier, it isn't just about sign off. It's about the entire lifecycle of the product. And so, we're able to have and engage in these conversations and then work with customers on a long-term map that allows them to be successful. Because ultimately, as I said, what we're doing is driving and helping them compete from a top-line growth perspective and helping them be competitive in a very challenging marketplace. And so, that translates into, obviously, larger deals and deeper relationships.
Ajei S. Gopal: I mean, it's very hard to say quantitatively this percent is because of this and this percent is because of that. At the end of the day, Anil, when I look at the market, there clearly is demand for our offerings and it starts from there. If we didn't have – if what we were building and what we were offering to customers was not valuable, then we wouldn't really be able to sell anything. Obviously, what we do and bring to market is incredibly valuable. They need it. We happen to be well-positioned in this time of change with the digitization of the industry and we're well-positioned with the ideal portfolio. We have a singular focus on simulation. We're not being distracted by chasing after a number of different elements. We're not selling a basket of goods across wide variety of areas. We're incredibly focused on simulation. And I think all of that translates into a comfort and value to our customers. They see the value of what we provide and they're able to get benefit from what we do. In addition, of course, we have improved our execution. We have improved our capability to reach and support our customers. And I think that also has a huge impact. So, it all works together synergistically. I couldn't tell you specifically what percentage comes from what. But I feel like we're in a great position, both from a market perspective as well as from an execution perspective.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, as I've mentioned in the call, I mean Discovery Live is currently available as a free technology preview. And during this technology preview, anyone can download and use the software for free. And as I also mentioned in the call, we've had multiple people who've downloaded it. I think we have 10,000 downloads in the first month alone. As you can imagine, many of the people who have downloaded the software are very avid users. They're giving us a lot of feedback and we're working through our plans right now as to when we would release the commercial version and exactly what that would look like. So, that's software is (38:08) currently being made. We will, of course, have a product in 2018, but we're working our way through that through the planning right now.
Ajei S. Gopal: Sure. So just, firstly, with respect to the investments in R&D, I think the discussion that we had a little over a month ago remains in place. So, we talked about the 80/20. That's exactly what we have in mind. So nothing has really deviated from the conversation we had at Investor Day with respect to priorities in the R&D organization. And obviously, we're going through the final planning for next year to take that and to put it into the actual operating plan for next year. With respect to your question about AEs, Rick mentioned that we are definitely going to be continuing to focus on these relationships that we have with our customers and we are certainly increasing our number of AEs that's been part of our Q3, Q4 hiring that we talked about. But we certainly do not see a 5-to-1 ratio, as you articulated, in our future. We don't think it's necessary. We think that we have fantastic products and our customer is able to take advantage of our technology. And obviously, we've built a deep relationship with them, but we don't need a 5-to-1 ratio of technical salespeople to our salespeople.
Ajei S. Gopal: Sure. So – and I think I've alluded this in prior calls, but let me summarize, if you don't mind, just quickly, and this might be material that we discussed earlier. As you recall, I've been with the company for about a year now. And one of the early things that I did in the Q4 period of last year, when we did not have a head of sales, was for me to personally get involved and to spend time with the sales leaders of the individual regions. And one of the – looking at Europe in particular, I felt it was necessary at that point to make some changes, and we did. We now have – within our European organization, we have a new leader of sales for Europe, who has been in place since almost a year now, a little bit less than a year. And he was certainly – he has been working with Rick Mahoney, who is now our new Head of Sales. The two of them came up with a view of how to think about the European structure. So rather than the previous structure that we have, we rationalized the structure. We went to the UK, France, the German-speaking countries, Germany, Austria and Switzerland – DACH. And then we have a Northeast region and we have a Southwest region. So, we went to five regions in Europe that normalized the way in which we were doing it. We drove alignment across the organization between marketing and sales and so forth, which was previously misaligned across regions. We made some changes at country management level as well. And in addition, we supported our European team by placing a couple of worldwide positions within Europe. So not only now is the head of Europe based out of our Munich offices, but we also have our worldwide head of major accounts or enterprise accounts, who is a new hire to our company. He is also based in Germany and brings his network of individuals. He's a German national, brings his network of individuals as well to the table in some of the largest companies around the world and certainly in Germany as well. And these are just sort of some examples of the changes of personnel. The culture, I think, is really focused on winning. There is a clear change in the tone on the ground within the organization. There is also an investment in the channels. And as you'll see, in some of the areas, for example, in Germany, we have a very strong performing channel relationships. But in other geos, we don't necessarily have that level of channel relationships. We're making investments in the channels accordingly so that we can replicate the success of the German channels elsewhere. The focus I mentioned on organizational structure that I talked about earlier on large accounts is translating into a major focus on major accounts. And the early evidence is here. We have seven customers with orders of over $1 million in Q3, which was in our prepared remarks. And so, you can see – I mean I can go to chapter versed on each one of these things, but we have a lot of eyes on this. This was the subject of a fair amount of discussion during the recent review I had with the sales organization. We feel very confident at this point that the team has a good handle on it. And as I said in my comments, we're expecting to see improvement in 2018 and beyond.
Ajei S. Gopal: Sure. And if you remember, at Investor Day, we had a commentary from CIMdata, and they also talked about a cloud adoption by customers of simulation. And what we're seeing is that, that cloud adoption for simulation, essentially, it lags other areas in the market. So, this is just the reality of what we're seeing. Customers are perfectly willing to take advantage of their private clouds, HPC environment. That's something they've done for a long time. But broad-based public cloud adoption for simulation lags other application areas. And it's in part due to the complexity of the problems, maybe it's concerns about security, it's workflow, there's a number of reasons why, but that's the fact. Now, we however do have offerings that we can offer to our customers. I mean, we have, as you know, with our Open Cloud Strategy, we have a network of over 10 partners, 11 partners around the world who can help our customers get to the cloud, take advantage of cloud resources. And that can be both for short-term-burst capacity or it could even be for longer-term situations. We don't force our customers to just run their compute on prem. They can certainly and are perfectly capable of running the same technology and the licenses in the public cloud and some choose to do that. And for customers who need burst capacity, we've got an Elastic Licensing capability for customers who are looking for just a few more licenses and few more capabilities to take advantage of whatever project or to get ahead of whatever project they may have in front of them. So, it's really a combination of, yes, we're capable, but the industry for simulation and the usage isn't quite there. Obviously, this is a long-term trend. We certainly see that the industry will continue to embrace and take advantage of cloud and will continue to be a bigger and bigger factor, but it's not yet that big transformative activity that you're seeing in some of these other application areas that you've talked about.
Ajei S. Gopal: Yeah. In terms of industry, I mentioned the industries already – it's pretty much in line with the ones that I mentioned. It's aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial and certainly electronics. So, those represent some of the industries. In terms of the lead product, in some cases, obviously, it's the electronics portfolio. But in other cases, it's really a discussion about Multiphysics. And while the customer may start with one particular area, they may be a long time structures customer, a long time fluids customer. They can certainly move into a different area and it goes to Multiphysics. We're also seeing with – by the way, with the electronification, we're seeing an increased demand for our SCADE offerings and our functional safety offerings. And so, as people are looking at smarter products, they're trying to do safety analysis. That's where some of our work in our embedded software capable organization comes to play. So, that's driving both a new business and it's also a growth vector within existing customers. So, it's really these megatrends, I think, that are driving things forward in automotive, obviously autonomous vehicles is pretty strong. The aerospace, I talked about a couple of trends. But once again, in the Space 2.0 companies, you'll see this, electric vehicle. So, these trends tend to pull a number of products. But it's important to realize that even when we go after – even when we talk about a particular industry like, for example, electronics, it isn't just about our products that address electronics, because when you think about electronics and you take the journey all the way from chip package board, it brings in a variety of offerings, the semiconductor offerings, it's electronics offering, signal integrity, but you're also dealing with structural integrity, thermal analysis, heat transfer, that all of these physics come into play. And so, it's a pretty robust conversation that we're able to have with our customers, primarily because we have representation and presence across the entire gamut of physics that they're interested in.
Ajei S. Gopal: As I said, we have a focus on increasing our relationships with customers. We see the opportunity for what we're doing out there in the industry being very strong. And so, suddenly, we see strong robust demand for our customers, where we're working with them on taking advantage of our solutions. So, absolutely, we're excited and looking forward to seeing deals in the future as well of size. If you look at the seven-figure deals, for example, as just one metric, we've been announcing the seven-figure deals since 2007. So with – we have 10 years of history. And what you can see is, we continue to increase the number of seven-figure deals as we have been going forward year-over-year. And so, we're very excited about our large deal pipeline and our capabilities to address those deals.
Ajei S. Gopal: We're still working through our pricing on that. But obviously, it's a product that's addressing a different market. And so, the price point is going to be significantly lower than the flagship price points, because it's a different kind of product, it provides different capabilities, and it gives people a different level of insight, it focuses on ease of use as opposed to the other features that you would expect from the flagship products. It provides real-time simulation. The flagships are significantly more accurate, of course, but they represent a different use case. So, we do see this as TAM expansion, because it's a different cadre of users, but we're working our way through trying to understand exactly what our penetration would look like within the user community that we're going after. And that's something we're actually working throughout, as we speak.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, I think, firstly, I have to say that I'm pleased with the leadership team in Europe. I think that the team there has a good handle on what needs to be done and I think they're focused on the results that we want to drive. So, I'm excited about the management team. Obviously, if you looked at the performance in Europe, you saw that in France, for example, we've had a good performance for a few quarters. Obviously, we've had some short-term improvements in the near-term improvements that we've had in Q3 in the UK. But as I said in my remarks, it was off a relatively weak compare from last quarter. So, we are seeing early signs of improvement. Germany, as I said, we have some challenges with our direct sales revenue numbers, but we certainly have strength with our channel partners. And of course, revenue, in many cases, is a trailing indicator of what the activity is within the region. So, I'm pretty pleased with the management. I'm pleased with their focus on demonstrating success in Europe. And I'm looking forward to improvement, as I said, in 2018 and beyond.
Ajei S. Gopal: No. I think it's – we had to bring in people there, people had to come up to speed. So, I continue to be – stick by what I said earlier, which is 2018 was a year of transition for our European business with a lot of changes, and we see the improvements in – being demonstrated in 2018 and beyond, and that's when we're expecting to see the results.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, I'd like to close by expressing my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners. And to the ANSYS team, I am so proud of what we have achieved as one ANSYS. Thank you all for your efforts and thank you for another great quarter. Thank you all for joining the call today. I look forward to our next call.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. Ken, I'll take that. So, while we had some additional heads from the CEI acquisition, we also added, net, almost 100 people that we hired in Q3, for which we will have the full impact of that burn rate in Q4. And we are continuing to aggressively hire in all areas across the company, in line with what we communicated at Investor Day, relative to the changes that we're making in the go-to-market, the focus on not only the core technology, but some of the adjacencies that Ajei mentioned in his prepared remarks, and also in the areas of infrastructure, and particularly in the go-to-markets, as we talked about at Investor Day, also increasing our investment and focus on expanding the channel as we did initially in Asia-Pac to other parts of the globe, particularly Europe is where our focus is now as we exit 2017 and enter 2018.
Maria T. Shields: Absolutely. We definitely see the opportunity to continue, as we've seen over the past five years, for these enterprise deals to play a larger role. And as we think about those targets and that sustainable double-digit growth that we are looking at for 2020, these continued expansion in our largest customers across Multiphysics and to align with all of this – the, I'll call it, new problem challenges that they have from electrification, to IoT, to autonomous, all of these trends are significant opportunities for us to drive deeper penetration within these important customers. And the beauty of these customers is many of them have been ANSYS customers for literally decades. So, we have a strong foundation and partnership that's been built that will allow us to leverage that strong foundation and trust that we've built with these customers.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So, what I'll say is, the reality is given the number of transactions that we process in any quarter, there are deals that move from quarter to quarter. The good news is that we have really focused in the past year on improving our visibility and our forecasting and understanding the mix as we make our way through the quarter. So, I wouldn't say that there was a huge trend of things coming in early. And what I will say is, no doubt, the strength of the deferred revenue and backlog balance headed into Q4 definitely gives us confidence and improved visibility around the business. And we're also expecting that Q4 bookings growth will also probably not be quite as robust as Q3, but given the number of salespeople that we see in the opportunity to close out with a very strong year, that's why we built in the increased anticipation of higher sales commissions for Q4 because we are expecting to have a strong close, perhaps, not quite as strong on the bookings side as we did in Q3.
Maria T. Shields: Yes. We've updated our full year cash flow guidance now to $400 million to $425 million, mostly in line with the strength of bookings that we saw in Q3.
Maria T. Shields: Anil, what I would say is, right now, we are still very comfortable with the 2020 targets that we've laid out. We're finalizing our 2018 plan and we will have all the details around that and the metrics that are going to be the key metrics that we will measure and communicate as we exit 2017 and head into 2018. But nothing has changed relative to our targets, our outlook and the things that we're working towards since we communicated at Investor Day.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. Monika, I'll just say, we're in the midst of finalizing 2018 plans. So, I would rather save that commentary for February when we've completed that activity and we've got the best visibility to provide numbers that we have confidence in.
Maria T. Shields: I would suggest at this time you shouldn't think that, but the reality is we need to finish out 2017 before I can opine on that with confidence.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah, Ross, that particular customer has asked us to not get into specifics of that deal outside of what we've already talked about in the prepared remarks document and in the script. So out of professional courtesy at their request, we're not going to give further details around that.
Maria T. Shields: Yes, I would say, Ross, as we get into, I will call, the second and third cycles of the expansion of our relationships with these customers, we are definitely seeing both, because they've now proven and have been able to measure the success and the value that they've derived from the first and second deals. And so, now, their confidence level rises. So, they are expanding across the portfolio and across their enterprise. So, we're seeing both, a willingness on the customers' part to do a longer deal as well as to expand the size of that deal. One other indicator that I'll point you to is, if you take a look at the long-term deferred revenue, it is up from 2016 to 2017. It was $75 million in 2016 and now it's up to $196 million in 2017. So, that's an indicator of the trends that we're seeing, to your point. The one other last thing, I'll say, Ross is, I believe, on your previous question you asked on that $45 million deal, I will tell you that the revenue impact for Q3 was about $1 million.
Maria T. Shields: No, Sterling. No price increase outside upside of the normal activity. We did have some customers that came back on to tucks (56:03). As you can imagine, in certain geographies, maintenance may not be part of their natural annual cadence, but when they want to get on to the current version, then they may have to pay for the lapse in maintenance. And we also – as I commented in my remarks, we also had a very strong renewal rate for maintenance in the quarter. So – but nothing outside of the usual relative to pricing.
