Ajei Gopal: Yeah, so when we talked about in 2000, when we gave long-term guidance, if you look at the addressable market, we talked about the core, the foundations of the business. And then, we talked about a high growth adjacencies, including areas such as autonomy, electrification, IoT, 5G. And we talked about some of the investments that we were making. And in particular, we did talk about optical as an area that we were investing in, in particular, to support things like autonomous vehicles, as well as to support things like 5G for the purposes of interconnects, and so forth. And so, we’ve essentially been executing against the strategy that we laid out. I’ll also want to correct a point that you made in your question. You said 5% of the bookings came from optical. That’s not what I said in my script. What I said is that 5% of the deals had some optical component within the within the agreement with the customer. So there was some aspect of optical within that. Optical, of course, is a relatively small piece of our business today.
Ajei Gopal: And I think, just to add one small point to Nicole’s response there, when you think about the investments that customers make in ANSYS, it’s really triggered by their investments in R&D. And obviously, globally, you’re seeing investments in R&D, customers continuing to look at next generation products and offerings, and that’s where simulation comes in. So the fact that we can help them with building their next generation, again, points to the importance of our technology. And that’s what allows us to be in a position to make these relationships and sales during a pandemic, or any other time for that matter.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. And just to amplify one of the points Nicole made, the large customer dynamic is somewhat different from the SMB. For the most part, the large customer dynamic is driven by the long-term relationships that we’ve maintained with our direct sales-force with these customers. Many of these are long-term customers of ours. They’ve built their processes around ANSYS. And when it comes to a new project, or a new activity, as they start to continue to evolve their R&D efforts, they turn to us as a vendor. And so, there’s an opportunity within those customers to expand the footprint based on long-term relationships. In the case of SMBs, in many cases, the SMBs are relationships that we have through channel partners. And, some of these customers may be relatively new customers. They may be relatively early in their life as an organization. And so, I wouldn’t necessarily say SMB is a leading indicator, which was the point that you made. I wouldn’t necessarily say it’s a leading indicator. These are two different – there are slightly different dynamics across both the SMB and enterprise. And, each one of them has their own go-to-market motion and supporting activity.
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think, look at the end of the day, Gal, when you think about it, partnerships allow ANSYS to really expand our market reach by leveraging what our partners bring to the table. They’ll bring complementary technology skills. They have a brand. They can help us reach different customer segments, so that more people can benefit from simulation. Partnering allows us to create a combined solution with a leading vendor. So at the end of the day, customers can benefit from a more complete solution than either one of us can provide on our own. Now, key to our partnerships and you’ll see this all along, key to our partnerships is maintaining an open ecosystem. So we’re not about – our partnerships are not about blocking things off, but are making things available, opening things up. And our strategy and our products remain open, so that customers can create the optimal system to meet their needs. So as you think about our partnership strategy, just think about that, we are open to trying to make sure that we can leverage and work with our partners to make our customers benefit from the entirety of what we can bring to bear, because we have an open strategy. I can’t comment about specifically any individual partnership of the direction that it may go. But, hopefully have some perspective of how we think about partnerships.
Ajei Gopal: Well, so let me address your question in 2 sort of timeframe, one is you think about the short term. So in the short-term, supply chain disruptions may be affecting many businesses, but we’re really not one of the businesses that’s affected by the supply chain. And the reason is, as I mentioned earlier, the use of our software is tied to the design of products, is tied to the R&D phase for the most part, and it’s not denominated by manufacturing. So whether if a customer has challenges with the supply chain, and they can’t produce as many units of a particular product that’s been designed with our technology that doesn’t affect our relationship with the customer, they’re already designing what that next product looks like, and they’re working with our engineers, or they’re working with our technology to figure out what the future looks like. So our customers continue to make investments during – in R&D, and it’s really not affected by the supply chain in the short-term, so we have no real short-term issues there. When you think about it from a long-term perspective, I think, you’re also alluding to this in your question. When you think about the long-term perspective, companies, I think, around the globe are questioning exactly how they need to think about their supply chains going forward. So will they be a change in the way they’ve been thinking about the supply chains, and in some cases, you’re seeing customer thinking about moving manufacturing closer to where the final product is actually going to be used. This isn’t necessarily building factories in the more traditional way. In many cases, customers are thinking about building next generation factories where they have much more automation, robotics, next generation manufacturing techniques, all of these things are relevant for simulation. We’re in a position – we had ANSYS there in a position to help our customers as they go through this rethinking process, as they go through the design of these next generation capabilities, as they start to think about advanced manufacturing techniques, materials, as they work through the simulation that goes with that we’re in a position to help them. And so, we see this as a long-term tailwind, where we can help customers as they try to figure out what this next generation looks like in their own evolution.
Ajei Gopal: Sure, Jay, so let me try to unpack your question. And let me start with the longer-term direction comment that you asked. And, I think, look you’ll hear a lot more about strategic direction for where we’re going over the next year, and so on, think of some of the comments that you heard as [dembrading] [ph] some of the super exciting times that [our hit branches] [ph] and our customers. You talked a little bit about Cloud, we’ve got ANSYS Cloud out there, which manages access to high performance computing resources, it’s just remember that many of our customers for them Cloud is about being able to access high performance computing at scale, and enabling some of these larger high fidelity simulations to run a scale. And so, in this last quarter on this call, I talked about the scalability of some of our product products that was enabled by a customer for us at the Technical University of Eindhoven, where they solved a an aerodynamic problem with something like 3 billion computational cells with 20 billion unknowns. And that scalability is possible, of course, because of core technical advancements that we’ve done. So, for example, we sped up mesh generation by 20X, which is obviously a bottleneck in the creation of detailed simulation of transient phenomena. But also, we were in a position to give access to cloud computing resources. And, in fact, just this week, Satya Nadella in his keynote at Microsoft Ignite use the same example to show what is possible on the ANSYS Cloud platform, which is essentially ANSYS’ products running on Azure on the world’s most powerful AI supercomputer. So that was one example, I think of Cloud that I’m excited about. We support flexible licensing models, we support an elastic pay-as-you-go model, we support a hybrid model, which mixes and matches elastic as well as lease licenses. And this year, we’ve continued to expand the number of products that we’ve added into cloud capabilities. For example, we’ve added an LS-DYNA, we’ve added in Lumerical products, we’ve added in SOC2 certification, we continue to improve our overall customer experience. And we’ve also seen significant increases in cloud usage. So one of the ways that we monitor that, of course, is by looking at core hours. And this year, year-to-date, we’re seeing almost 4 times as many for core hours as compared to this time last year. And we still haven’t hit that inflection point. So we believe that there is still much greater demand within our customer base. And we’re watching our customers, we’re seeing where they’re going, we’re anticipating where they’re going, and we’re giving them the opportunity to be able to drive some of the scale out compute. So I’m really excited about where we are with cloud and some of that capability. There was a number of other things, I’m sure, that were also mentioned in that conversation, some of the things that we’re excited about the new capabilities we have in our product. We’ve talked about AIML, and how AIML supports our technology and simulation. All of those are interrelated, because the advances that we make in one area can be delivered to our customers in other ways, and that allows us to be a more responsive vendor to our customers or partner to our customers that allows us to continue to drive leadership in the marketplace. So that was the first question. What was the second question, Jay? It was around…
Ajei Gopal: Yeah, so I think if the question is, are we continuing to make investments in that area, that’s absolutely the case. We do continue to make investments in the area, we think our relationship that we have with customers at a technical level is something that our customer’s value, it gives us insight into the way we work with our customers use our technology, and it’s a 2-way street, we’re in a position to help our customers as they evolve. And, certainly, we’re in a position to take customer feedback and insight into the next generation of our products coming in from the field. So, I think, we’re excited and we continue to make investments in those areas.
Ajei Gopal: And as far as how the acquisition comes together, as I’ve said many times, acquisitions are not a strategy on to themselves; acquisitions are in support of a strategy. And clearly one of the areas that we have continued to drive is the broadening of our multi-physics capability. As I mentioned in the call, we have some leading optical simulation products and capabilities, but Zemax obviously, has been on our radar for a while as an opportunity for us to be able to broaden and deepen our portfolio in that space. And, I think in the script, you heard me talk about customers who are using all of the products and how the technologies could work together to support their R&D efforts. And so, this kind of technology fits right into our go-to-market motion. Our salespeople are very familiar with being able to position technology of this nature. So it’s a very natural acquisition for us to conclude. We’re excited about the technology. We’re excited about bringing those people on board.
Ajei Gopal: So I can’t talk about what any specific company may or may not do. But what I can tell you is that, we’re really excited that we can make our technology available to customers who are not necessarily experts in using simulation. Our strategy for simulation is to take simulation and make it more pervasive across the product lifecycle. And part of that is creating applications that are easier for non-engineers to use. And so as part of our strategy, we’re creating applications that include various elements of our technology that can be integrated together to deliver a SaaS experience for our end users, wherein they can simply invoke our technology under the covers if you will to solve specific problems. So those are the kinds of applications that we are excited also about bringing to market. And those are not – that’s typically not an area that we’ve historically participated in. But we certainly see that as being part of the overall strategy that we’re driving of making simulation pervasive across the product lifecycle.
Ajei Gopal: So, we’re certainly seeing customers wanting to take more advantage of the cloud during the – certainly that happened during the pandemic, when people were working remotely and didn’t have access as easy access to their offices. And that certainly drove some cloud usage, I mean, the fact remains that we can give our customers, who want to take advantage of our technology, we can give our customers an experience where they have elastic compute driven from the cloud, it’s a fast like experience, we can give them that using our elastic licensing capabilities. So that that feels to them like a SaaS experience, and similarly, we can give our customers access to on premises technology in a lease model, which they’ve used for a while. So we give our customers a choice of what they want to be in a position to do. ANSYS Cloud gives them that ability to support they need for cloud compute, both from the server perspective as well as scale up for HPC. So it really is up to the customers. And, many of our customers have made investments that are within their own to building out data centers, so they prefer to take advantage of their own data centers, some customers will look at the amount of data that they have to manage. I mean, when you think about a simulation, a complex multivariate simulation that’s running across our multivariate optimization could result in terabytes of information. And so then there’s a question of where do you store that information? How do you keep it? Do you move it from one cloud to another? What is their standard model? So it’s not simply a matter of moving piece parts into the cloud. It’s really thinking holistically from the part of the customers on where and how they want to make this transition, because it’s an entire workflow that’s across multiple vendors that needs to be managed. And I think we’re very well positioned. Our technology is ready for the cloud. We’re very well positioned. We’re excited about our capabilities. And it really is a matter of meeting the customers as and when they’re ready.
Ajei Gopal: And the way we built our product, Jackson, is that customers can bring their own licenses, right? So it turns, you can seamlessly take advantage of both ANSYS cloud compute capabilities as well as you can take advantage of the same license running on premises. And so, the fact that we give you the flexibility of managing that, that’s what customers are looking for. And so, we’re not asking them to give up their investments in their on-prem compute. If they’ve got that, that’s great. They can take advantage of that. In addition, they can take advantage of cloud. Or if they want to choose to completely take advantage of the cloud, they can do that too. So that flexibility is what customers are looking for, and we’re in a position to support them with that.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah, I’m not sure what you mean by the malleability. I think that, firstly, DYNA provided an explicit analysis capability into the portfolio, which obviously has use-cases, of wide variety of use-cases. And we’ve continued to expand those use-cases within the ANSYS portfolio as we’ve integrated the technologies together, and combine both explicit and implicit capabilities. It broadens the addressable opportunity. So that’s obviously the case. I think perhaps you might be referring to the announcements we – the comment I made about Fujitsu. And I think in that, what is important to recognize is that the DYNA solver is available on the Fujitsu machine, on their PRIMEHPC supercomputer. And essentially because that machine is efficient, we can help our customers, because they’re supporting DYNA on the – they’re supporting their large-scale DYNA runs on the Fujitsu hardware platform. And that’s more efficient, because they can offload some of their simulation workload onto to an efficient compute platform. So that was the point on that piece, and hopefully, that clarifies the comment about Fujitsu.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks, Kelsey. So, I’m really excited about our excellent execution, our broad customer base and our robust pipeline. Our customers’ reliance in simulation, the strengthening of the small and medium business market, and our ability to close large contracts only add to that excitement and give me further confidence as we look to close out 2021. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners for their continued support. And a special thank you to my ANSYS colleagues. You have my gratitude for delivering yet another strong quarter. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah. Thanks so much for your question, Andrew. So as you pointed out, over the last 12 months, America has continued to be a consistent strong performer, and lead the company in creating value for our customers. A couple of deals with the, one that Ajei mentioned in his remarks, the $58 million agreement with a leading North American technology company is an example of – I think the model that we have exported around the world and leaves some of the strength in our other regions like APAC, where the customer has already been using solutions from across the ANSYS multiphysics portfolio, but is now expanding the number of simulation users. And so, we’ve done a very good job at building deep relationships with customers, understanding their short and their long-term development roadmaps, and enabling them to be able to propagate the use of simulation to broader use-cases, to connect to physics and to also connect to other users and in the process to leverage that simulation. And so, that model that America executes quite well, is the model that we’re executing around the world. And just as an example, our Asia-Pacific region has executed exceptionally. They had another quarter, a very strong growth with 21%, constant currency growth – I’m sorry, 21% growth in the region at a constant currency basis. And the strength in that region was broad-based across industry, customer types, geographies. We had several 7 figure contracts in Asia Pacific, that added growth to the high-tech sector, where customers are really showing enthusiasm for not just the core portfolio, but the adjacencies as well. So there is a common theme here, where we’re broadening and deepening the relationships within the customer, with our core technology, having strong footholds and solid growth, but also leveraging the organic and the inorganic investments that we’ve been making over the past 5 years, to accelerate the footprint globally. And so, I would say the core strength of the portfolio and the investments that we’ve been making, during the course of the pandemic, with our customers and in our portfolio are really the drivers of the acceleration and performance of growth. To some degree, there is a little bit of recovery. It’s that Asia Pacific probably had a little bit ahead in the recovery versus America. There are still unevenness in terms of customers are preferring to meet in person. So I wouldn’t characterize things as returned to normal quite yet. But certainly, the business model is resilient. It is showing through, regardless of the challenges that we’ve seen in the pandemic.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, I’d say it’s the success that the management team is enjoying as a result of building out that robust portfolio in that business model. But I think, also the point around investing during the pandemic is, is important to note. I mean, it’s really easy in a tough time to barrel down the hatches and not make investments in the business. That’s kind of what people might expect. But there is a very proactive or very deliberate decision to not over-pivot in that direction, because of our confidence in the opportunity around what we do and the value that we can add to our customers. And so, I really do feel like we’re going to be coming out of the pandemic, whenever that might be in a real position of strength.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure, I’ll start and if there’s anything you have to add – you’d like to add, Ajei. So, yes, as I mentioned in our opening remarks, we continue to see strength in the SMB customer-set in Q3. And we’re really pleased with the momentum that we’ve seen now 4 quarters in a row. And so, I think that’s what’s given us the confidence in continuing to raise throughout the year, in addition to the fact that our pipeline with our large customers is solid, robust, and continues to evolve and improve. And so, I’m not sure that the two are interrelated. I think that they’re somewhat related in the broader sense of recovery. But I do feel like, although we’re not quite at pre-pandemic behavior within the SMB set, we’re really pleased with the ongoing momentum, and what we’ve been delivering in that business.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So, in Q3, we had a really strong Q3 as you point out with that strong double-digit growth. Q3 ACV did come in line really close within our expectations. And so, the raise on ACV in Q4 is really a function of the improved momentum that has been building since the last time we shared guidance in August, across the board. And so, what I would say is when you look at how we delivered year to date and in the quarter, it’s been pretty broad-based across industries and customers. And, that’s kind of the reflection of what I would characterize the momentum in Q4. There is not any isolated one-off thing that is driving that view. It is more kind of an overall momentum building that you’ve been seeing, as you rightly point out, we’ve been able to raise throughout the year, I mean, as you recall in the beginning of the year, we still were not sure whether what the kind of dynamics around recovery were going to look like. And so, we’ve been kind of sharing with you as we see things ahead of us, and systematically raising expectations over time.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, so I can quickly answer that question on the contribution. So we expect – so we had – as we’ve said, we think it’ll have about $6 million to $8 million of ACV impact and revenue impact. This year, which will be offset by – largely offset by currency. Next year, we’re estimating an incremental approximately $20 million in organic impact.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, no, I would characterize it, as you recall perpetual licenses during the pandemic did take a quite a significant hit, particularly in the first 3 quarters of last year. And so they did recover quite a bit in the fourth quarter of last year, which is one of the reasons why the compares a little more challenging in Q4. But customers continue to prefer time based licensing models, because it really enables them to be more flexible as their needs evolve. And so over the past several years, the business model has really been shifting away from perpetual licenses. If you look over longer periods of time, it’s been pretty flat. And the growth has been primarily through the acceleration of leases. And so that’s really built a very strong annuity business for us over the past 5 years, and has been a very successful evolution of the business. And so, while we did see – we are seeing kind of some of the compare effects in the first 3 quarters of this year, we believe over the long-term that the shift that customer – we’re seeing from customers is going to continue towards that lease-based licensing.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, I mean, I would say that the part of the business that customers are using on the cloud itself is very small and immaterial. The vast majority of the use-case is around seamless access to HPC capacity and other capacity outside the cloud, which has no impact on our current – it’s exactly the same revenue recognition model that we have in the – whether it’s a lease or perpetual license, because their entitlements would be separate from that usage.
