Ajei Gopal: So Jay to answer there was a lot of -- there were a lot of questions embedded in there, so let me try to do some justice to a couple of them perhaps. So when you think about the large sales so customers who have purchased more than $1 million or so in the quarter, I would say over 90%, have three or more physics and purchased three or more physics from ANSYS. And so that gives you some perspective of the strength of the multiphysics capabilities that we are able to bring to bear. As far as our products are concerned, obviously the strength of our flagship products is legendary. I mean everybody understands that we have a terrific product in the space. But what we've also seen is the interplay between products and the multiphysics nature of the portfolio I think coming through. So that's also been really helpful. And obviously the advances that we've made that I've talked about in electromagnetics, in CFD and structures et cetera across the portfolio in Optics, all of those advances we've made across those five vectors of technology that I talked about are all helpful and important in the way that we engage with our customers and in the value that they see from our products. So I'm feeling very good about our product portfolio. I'm feeling very good about our multiphysics strategy and our ability to service our customers. With respect to our partnership ecosystem maybe it's best to step back and talk a little bit about the philosophy. Look, we believe in an open ecosystem. I think it's very important for us for our customers to recognize that the vendors that they're working with are participating in the open ecosystem which means providing APIs, which means providing for interoperability and things of that nature. And so we are committed to that. We are working obviously with multiple -- other vendors to make sure that customers can benefit from technologies. And obviously no single customer is going to be completely dedicated to a single-vendor. They're going to have technologies from multiple-vendors. We want to make sure that that works for our customers. And so our partnership strategy is driven by that belief in an open ecosystem and the ability to work collaboratively to support customer needs.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. So as far as moving earlier or sort of the democratization of simulation there are a number of things that we've been doing and I think that's continues to be important in our strategy. Number one is making our technology more accessible easier to use. We have certainly advances with respect to our discovery product portfolio. We continue to try to make the technology more accessible to less experienced engineers. Some of the -- if you -- I talked about some of the advances that we've made on technology on things like numerics and other areas of physics. We're democratizing simulation by really expanding the use case of problems think about problems that we can solve today that couldn't be solved earlier in a reasonable amount of time. The investments that we're making are allowing customers to take advantage of this advanced simulation capability and we see that as a form of democratization and certainly the investments that we're making across the GPUs, as well makes technology easier. There's some really interesting work that we're doing with AI/ML to help democratize simulation. As you know simulation can be difficult to set up and take an example of setting up something like a turbulent flow can be quite complex. And we're using AI/ML techniques, for example, to help democratize that and make that easy for end users to set up fluent simulations. And I could go on and on. With respect to cloud, obviously, accessing simulation on the cloud opens the door to smaller customers who may not necessarily have access to high-speed computing. That's certainly democratizing simulation and our continued investments in APIs I think also makes that easier for customers to build automation or special purpose applications on top of simulation. All of this in the aggregate extends the reach of simulation into areas where it wasn't being used before.
Ajei Gopal: Well, Steve, I think one of the important things to recognize is, we've been investing in these technologies for a while. And so one of the reasons why, I wanted to take the time during the call, to go through them is, because there's just -- because of exactly the dynamic you mentioned. There appears -- there is a lot of activity in the marketplace and certainly people are aware of advances in technologies, and it's an area where there's been a lot of discussion. But if you think of areas like numeric, as an example, that's been the bread and butter of ANSYS. That's really understanding the mathematics, and the engineering, and the science around being able to appreciate and predict physical phenomena, and that is applicable of course across our portfolio. The HPC activity is certainly been included within our business, for a while. And if you think about the vectors of growth that we talked about in our Investor Day last year, we talked about more users. We talked about more products, and we talked about more computations. And the more computations vector is being driven by high-performance computing, and the desire for customers to solve larger and larger problems, which are solvable as you start to introduce additional cores, you starting to use GPUs and other architectures. So AI/ML is obviously, an area where we've been investing, as I said, for a while. And we have products in the market today, that are taking advantage of AI ML capabilities. So these are all technologies and I don't want to repeat what I said on the call, but these are all technologies and areas where there continues to be investment in -- within ANSYS, of course, across the industry and we continue to reap the benefit within our products to benefit our customers. 
Ajei Gopal: So when you think about the AI capabilities that we've got, we're using AI in multiple areas. And one area that I mentioned of course is making it easier for people to use products. And I gave you example of Fluent earlier in what – in response to one of the questions. That's a great example of making the technology, making our flagships easier to use. Discovery is also making the technologies easier to use in a more in a more broad-based manner. The use of AI/ML is very targeted within the portfolio. But another direction that we're going and we talked about this in our investor meeting or Investor Day last year was our ability to start to support applications. And so one of the ways in which we can democratize simulation is not – is allowing users to take advantage of applications, purpose-built applications for their needs that are built – that take advantage of simulation. And to that end we've created a set of APIs based on Python which allow people to build applications workflows things of that nature that further democratize simulation. So we're taking multiple routes to be able to make that happen. And in each of the directions we're addressing a different opportunity to be able to broaden the use case of a simulation.
Ajei Gopal: Well certainly, the fact that we have the ability for people to write these automations or extensions taking advantage of the power of our portfolio using Python, where they can use other routines open source other things that are outside of simulation to bring that into a sort of an overall workflow. That is something that has helped us – that's helping us today. I mean there are examples of customers who have increased their use of ANSYS technologies because they've been able to build a very integrated workflow on top of this technology that allows more users to take advantage of what was previously restricted to a relatively small number of users. So that phenomenon that you're saying of driving incremental opportunity within our portfolio is absolutely the case. Furthermore, we would imagine outside of our outside of -- even outside of the engineering use case you could imagine long-term and this is a long-term statement, you can imagine other applications targeting others who are looking for the insights of physics-based simulation to be delivered to them. And we've talked about -- and certainly last year we talked about a healthcare example where someone delivering medical care or surgeon delivering medical care uses an application, which is built for that surgeon. It has nothing to do -- as far as their concern nothing to do with physics per se. They're all about delivering the care that they need to deliver. But underneath simulation is being done to influence the directions that they go. So those are examples of next-generation applications, which we believe will happen in the long-term but that's not a short-term impact. And so as we build out our capabilities we believe that we're enabling both the short-term opportunity as well as the long-term opportunity, which we've been calling the notion of being able to get pervasive insight. 
Ajei Gopal: Well, I mean, obviously A&D continues to be one of our top industries. And our aerospace customers are facing complex challenges things like engine width design lightweighting those continue to be areas of investment for our customers, but also a lot of work on Space 2.0 and the ability to be able to launch payloads into space. That's another area where there continues to be a lot of interest. Obviously, commercial air is recovering post pandemic there continues to be more interest. And then of course from a defense perspective there's obviously a global perspective. You're seeing this certainly in the United States. You're seeing this as you see increased spending in Germany, for example. So all of that represents long-term tailwinds into the aerospace and defense industries. And we certainly are very well-positioned given the nature of our technologies to be able to take advantage of that. 
Ajei Gopal: Yes. And just to amplify what Nicole said and to add a little bit more color as well. We're not tied to the number of units produced, right? So, if you cut back on production for whatever reason, your R&D efforts still continue, because you're building for the long term. And if you look at all of the industries that we serve, there are major transformations that are taking place in each of the industries and the long-term competitiveness of organizations is at stake. So if you're in the automotive industry, for example, electrification is front and center, autonomy is front and center. And stepping back from any of these activities will result in a long-term degradation of their business and no one wants to go to it. And so, what we're seeing and what we saw in the past, we saw this when we had this -- when Lehman went out of business back in the day, we saw that R&D was the last that was cut and we saw that it was the first thing that was restored. And the lesson that was learned after that and there were reports and the there were -- there was a lot of post-mortem done after that. But the lessons that we've learned is that the organizations that continue to invest in R&D were the ones that came out of that downturn and were successful afterwards. And so you see when we talk to customers, our value proposition is not just about accelerating R&D as I described. But our value proposition as Nicole said is also about being able to help cost. And we have well estab chapter inverse we can talk about how we can reduce warranty costs, how we can make engineers more efficient. We can talk about how we can reduce the amount of raw materials that have been used for experimentation purposes. They move away from physical prototyping. So that is a very hard ROI that we can make and we can make that case. Now I've spent -- I've talked to our sales leaders around the world. I've talked to customers around the world. And I'm only getting -- I'm getting strong support for our -- for the guidance that we've given you. We're seeing the markets -- the customers are committed. We're seeing that the nature of the technology that we provide is critical and we see our negotiations and discussions with customers kind of going as we expect. We call it as we see it. We're not trying to come up with sort of speculation of what the markets might look like. We just call it as we see it. We can give you a perspective on where our customers are how they're buying and all of that is reflected within -- all that is reflected within our within the way that we're guiding. So we feel great about the guidance we've given you. We feel great about the second half of the year. We feel great about Q2. And as Nicole has said several times on this call, there is an underlying dynamic of our -- the renewals of our business. And for those of you who have been following our company for multiple years that underlying dynamic is exactly something that we've seen year after year after year. And we've always had quarters which are stronger in quarters which are relatively weaker in that context of the overall full year and so we manage to the full year. And that's important for us and we feel really good about where we are right now. 
Ajei Gopal: I'm excited about our outstanding start to 2023. I would like to thank the one ANSYS team around the world for our ongoing success. Our superior technology, our broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships give us even greater confidence in our ability to execute against long-term goals. Thank you for joining us this morning. I hope you all have a great day.
Nicole Anasenes: Yeah, Jason, thanks for the question. Yeah, the business is playing out as we expected at the start of the year. Our Q2 renewal dynamic is something that was considered in our full year guidance when we initiated in February. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there's a structural dynamic -- timing dynamic in our renewal base for Q2 and that happens from time to time. But quarterly dynamics as we've always said can be really volatile and are not representative of momentum in the business. But what has changed since we initiated guidance in Q1 was as you point out we had a great Q1 where we not only grew 19% in constant currency, but we beat the midpoint of our guidance. And in addition to that our constant currency outlook for the quarter has improved. Our view of ACV growth before the impact of foreign exchange, which we talked about in the prepared remarks it's increased based on the development of our pipeline since initiating guidance in February. It's also underwritten by a highly recurring ACV model with over 80% of our ACV is recurring and a very strong base of renewals that we see in the second half. So if we step aside from the volatility quarters can have and you look at the implied ranges in our guidance, our guidance range implies double-digit constant currency growth for the first half and growth above our model of 12% in the second half again underwritten by that very strong renewal base, resulting in a 12.5% constant currency growth outlook at the midpoint, which is almost one point above the midpoint we indicated in February. So we feel really good about where we landed in Q1 after a really strong Q4 and strong 2022. And the guidance that we gave reflects the continued and improved optimism that we have overall in the business, notwithstanding, structural dynamics that sometimes happen in quarters, which introduced volatility. And that's why we are always focused on the full year and how we progress our view of the full year.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So let me start with the first -- your first question. And then will go to the second. So in terms of the renewal base, the timing of customer renewals happen at natural cycles within the quarter. And as we have been moving to the strategic selling motion and bringing individual, kind of, development teams projects, in a customer to more strategic multiyear lease arrangements, sometimes the timing of renewals can shift on a year-to-year basis over time, right, which is the reason why we're very focused on the full year dynamic, because we take deals when they naturally occur because it optimizes the outcome for our customers, and it optimizes the outcome for ANSYS, which ultimately optimizes the outcome for investors. And so, the dynamic around the quarter is just something that happens from time to time. We had very, very strong Q1. The first half, is still strong in double digits. So we're feeling really good about where we're at, and there's nothing about Q2 that wasn't contemplated or seen or known when we started the year. As it relates to fewer 7- and 8-figure deals, I would say, the underlying dynamic around our large deal progression is not unchanged from any other prior Q1s. As you know, Q4 is our seasonally highest quarter, you tend to have a lot more closing in the quarter. And so on a relative basis, there may be more mentions. But the underlying dynamics, around the strength of the pipeline, around the ability to drive strategic relationships, and larger deals with our customers customers' willingness to engage, customers willingness to close. None of those aspects have changed since we spoke in February, about how the shape of the business is progressing. 
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. That's absolutely, the case. I mean this is just about an over -- and you -- I know have been have been with us quite a while. You've seen quarters go up and down based on these renewal dynamics which is again why we focus on the full year. So there's nothing about the underlying dynamics in Q2 that are indicative of anything other than an underlying renewal base that has a SKU within the year that is driving those dynamics.
Nicole Anasenes: No. I mean the underlying dynamics across all of our different customer segments have been performing pretty consistently as we've seen in prior Q1s. We had a lot of strength of course in the enterprise segment with the larger deals that we did this year and really strong in the Americas. But I would say we had strong growth across all three customer segments consistent with what we've had in the past.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean I would say overall revenue linearity was somewhat – was pretty similar to what it was last year. It was slightly more skewed to the third month but it was pretty much in line overall.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So we had spoken about DYNAmore for the full year as being about €30 million to €35 million with about half of it being in Q1 in our February call. And you can -- the underlying assumption you can make is that we're pretty in line with what we expected in February. 
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean -- so here's the pragmatic answer to that is, if customers don't renew they lose access to the software and they can't build their products. And so the renewal base is very, very sticky because it affects their R&D cycles. And so -- and just to kind of take it a step back and to contextualize kind of, where we sit in the corporate decision-making process and what has happened in other kind of economic events. Simulation tends to be the last thing that gets shutoff and the first thing that gets turned back on. And that's because it is connected to people's R&D. And R&D tends to be -- the investments in R&D tend to be longer -- long-term views as opposed to short-term tactics. So that's one. The second is, even within the R&D process the areas that are most susceptible would be areas that are connected to seat counts and people and that's not how the economics of our software work. So our software is -- the way customers use our software is based on the capacity of compute that they need and the software that they need to run their simulations within their R&D cycle. And so, if there are underlying changes in the footprint of the R&D part of the business, it doesn't really affect our part of the software stack in the R&D cycle. And the last part is, simulation actually can provide tailwinds for -- and support the underlying cost efficiencies of our customers in their R&D cycle. Using simulation reduces the need for physical prototyping. It shortens the innovation cycle. You can have a single analyst run multiple simulations at the same time. And so, the throughput that you get and the efficiency that you get from using simulation to build products, has a very high ROI. And in times where you're looking to transform simulation is valuable, not just in accelerating time to value to accelerate the top line, but also to support running R&D in a more efficient manner. And so, those are the underlying qualitative dynamics, but the real answer on the renewal base is that, it's very, very sticky and a small short-term disruption in economic outlook has historically not had an impact on our overall business.
