Ajei Gopal: Hey, Jackson, thanks for the question. So, my comments very specifically in the script on TAM, one was around the increase in TAM as a result of the AGI acquisition, which we set at -- which we said added about $800 million to our total addressable market. The other comments about tailwinds that I spoke off were more -- were harder to quantify. As I said in the script, the point about digital transformation is that we have seen customers embrace simulation more during the pandemic, and certainly with the recognition that their engineers could work from home effectively away from corporate labs, that's also been another tailwind for the use of simulation. So, we expect to see that continue certainly even the value proposition of simulation being able to drive product to market faster and save money. So, that's the tailwind. And the second one that we -- that I pointed to was, in certain areas, we've seen increased levels of investment. Now, those are, -- I specifically call that telecommunications and consumer electronics, and those are areas which require multi-physics simulation analysis. So, it really reflects on the multi-physics nature about portfolio, which I think was the question that you were asking.  But also the other interesting thing that we've noticed, which I pointed to in the comments is in the area of eco-friendly products. And I'm not sure if it's coincidence or there's a commonality here with the pandemic, but with the -- in that area, we've seen certainly increased levels of investment, whether it's electric vehicles, which we identified and points to before, but also in other things like light-weighting and eco-friendly aircraft engines and others. And so, this area continues to be also an area of increased growth and it's something that requires multi-physics simulation. So, that was the context of my comments, Jackson.
Ajei Gopal: Yeah. So, if your question -- the question was about ANSYS Cloud and I guess usage during the pandemic or during the last year, if you look at usage, the demand for ANSYS Cloud has continued to increase, and we've seen usage increasing by over a 100% between 2019 and 2020. And what's interesting, and I think I mentioned this in the last call as well, we've had customers who've used ANSYS Cloud and reached a much more efficient solution than they would have on premises. For example, Rockwell Automation, I think I mentioned, is using ANSYS Cloud to accelerate its product development process, and they show that they were able to reduce simulation runtimes by about 50%, which allowed obviously their engineers to solve problems more accurately. And the reason for that is because ANSYS Cloud is optimized for the ANSYS workload, and we've done some work to make sure that the Azure infrastructure in which is largely appropriate, and we can take advantage of the latest hardware and interconnect that Azure has available. So, absolutely. ANSYS Cloud is certainly something that customers are taking advantage of during this time. We've made the majority of our flagships available on ANSYS Cloud mechanical fluids, electromagnetics, et cetera. I just talked about the scale out that we have available there on the script, as well as things like new workload, like optics, SPEOS, VRX. So we're seeing the usage across all about physics, and we're obviously seeing greater usage. And that coupled with the flexibility that we have, which allows customers to bring their own license or bring their own hardware license or software license, so just moving as fast world that hybrid flexibility that we can afford, I think gives customers a lot of options. That being said, while we're excited about the cloud offering and we're very encouraged by the rapid progress, I think it's important to note that the majority of our customers today use ANSYS products on premises in their own data centers or in their own private clouds. And so ANSYS Cloud is obviously growing rapidly, but it's still a very small piece of our business today and for the foreseeable future.
Ajei Gopal: No. I think you're talking about the semiconductor that the availability of manufacturing of semiconductor chips and the shortage of that, I think that has -- that's a sort of a different cycle in the design side. We continue to see demand, robust demand for our products, because there continues to be robust demand and growth in the -- in both semis and like electronics. So no negative impact at all, just the market tailwinds for usage of those technologies. And the fact is that as customers are going to a more and more advanced process knows the investments that we've made in RedHawk and in particular RedHawk-SC starting to pay off. And that obviously translates into more demand for our technology.
Ajei Gopal: And I just point out that China is less than 5% of our overall business. I think something like 4%. So, it's a relatively small piece of a business overall. 
Ajei Gopal: So, Jay, thanks for the questions. There's a lot -- there's a lot that we could go through and maybe in the interest of time, I'll just focus on a couple of things. When you think about our journey as a company, we've gone from providing a point technologies back when we started like structures, over the years we've brought together a comprehensive set of physics through a combination of acquisitions, as well as organic development. And now we have a full-fledged set of physics that are integrated together. And it's this integration capability across all of these physics that's profoundly important. And we've continued to add to that with materials technologies, for example, with optimization capabilities, et cetera. And that has led to the building up of our platform capability, which -- it was profoundly important to be able to address and provide that agility to support different industry. And because we have all of these multi-physics capabilities integrated together and exposed in a platform, that makes it easier for our customers, as well as our own ace engineers to build industry specific or customer specific solutions that take advantage of the core capabilities that we provide, as well as integrate with core components that might be available from outside of our own ecosystem. So that's been the direction that we're pursuing. Our technology is available both on-premises and in the cloud. And I think we have a very robust and a very strong technical underpinnings to be able to support not only the more traditional use case where you're dealing with the use of simulation as a tool, but also the use of simulation within as part of an integrated platform to deliver value added applications to customers. And you're seeing this in some of the announcements that we've made you. You referenced one of them with respect to BMW. We made some announcements in the healthcare space and others where we're working with partners who are able to provide application specific intelligence that wraps on top of our simulation solutions because of the way that we were architecting our platforms and our capability. Now with respect to the long-term roadmap, I would refer you one of those key elements is the platform. And obviously, we just talked about platform a second ago. Another area that perhaps might be interesting is, AIML, where we've talked about the use of machine learning. We see that -- we continue to make investments in AIML capability, because we really see AIML as a orthogonal, but supportive technology to simulation. Simulation makes AIML better. The insights from AIML better and AIML can support insights from simulation. And you see this -- you see these technologies and techniques already being incorporated into our products. You see this, for example, in a semiconductor portfolio, and you continue to see this integrated into other aspects of our products, whether it comes to usability, whether it comes to helping customers or helping engineers navigate the solution space and so forth. And we can obviously go into more details, but in the interest of time, let's just leave it at that.
Ajei Gopal: So, Gal, thanks. Thanks for the question. So your question is really how we integrating with some of these larger customer then how we working with them. So, if you recall, when we went through the go-to-market transformation that we spoke off a couple of years ago, and we really started to accelerate them in the last couple of years. It was around putting together a traditional customer pyramid, where we had enterprise customers at the top of the pyramid. And enterprise customers were deemed to be such not only because they had significant spending powers and had large and complex problems to solve, and therefore were spending a lot of money on R&D, but also because we had enterprise customers who were being supported by specialized teams. And so we would have -- we were able to allocate to these enterprise customers dedicated account management, both on the technical side, as well as the sales side to help navigate through the account. That process has been underway for a few years. When you -- and so that gives us -- within some of these large customers that given us a great relationship and a very good understanding of what's going on, and we've been able to help educate the customers about the capabilities that ANSYS can provide. That coupled with -- the other comment I made about digital transformation, clearly this is an important area for customers. And in the digital transmission of that product lifecycle continues to be important.  The pandemic, as I mentioned earlier, accelerated that and made it clear and manifest the customers that they needed to enable their engineers to be able to work from anywhere. And that's obviously possible through a digital thread and simulation in some senses is a purist digital representation of a product. And so that was -- that's the second sort of broad thread about the recognition that people can be effective. Engineers can be effective to taking advantage of the technology from wherever. I did the third, and perhaps the most important is that look, at the end of the day simulation provides tremendous value to customers. They are -- we've talked about this for a long time. We've said, look, we can help, help you accelerate product to market. That's one area, that drives top line revenue growth. And we've also said, we can help you save money. We can help you save money because you can -- you don't have to build physical prototypes. You can do the proverbial more with less. And that also resonates with customers, especially in tough economic times. So, when you put all of this stuff together, it's no wonder that we're seeing some large deals from customers. This is not accidental. This has been planned. This has been multi-years in planning to make sure that we build these relationships to help them with their digital transformation and to continue to drive investments in the portfolio and to continue to show the value of that simulation that it provide.
Ajei Gopal: Well, firstly, with respect to our analysis of the TAM, if you go back to our Investor Day from a couple of years ago, 2019, we did have a pretty comprehensive analysis of the TAM and where it is today and where it's going. And we talked about a number of areas. We talked about the core business. We talked about, which was -- which is the historical use of simulation and the design and validation phase of the product lifecycle. We talked about high growth solutions like, electric vehicles or electrification, autonomy, IoT, 5G. And then we talked about simulation being used in non-traditional use cases and things like predictive maintenance through digital twin and so forth. And what we did when we presented that, as we pointed out that they were -- that there was more predictability on the basis, use cases off of simulation as it's historically been. But in some of these longer term opportunity in particular simulation being used, for example, in predictive maintenance and digital twin, we pointed out that there was a significant amount of variables depending on the rate of adoption of digital technologies. And we talked about how that was being affected by assumptions you make about the pace and rate of deployment off capabilities that may have historically not used simulation. So that's the way we were a couple of years ago.  The observations that we've seen in the pandemic, as I said in my scripts have been very specifically on certain areas. The digital transformation comment is real. Customers are recognizing they need to spend more -- they pay more attention to the digital transformation. We've talked a lot about this on the call already. And so that we believe represents an aggregate tailwind and acceleration of activities that may have taken place already. But those -- that's an acceleration. And when you start to think about some of these other areas like electronics, consumer electronics, telecommunications, again, the pandemic caused people to think more about what does it mean for the communications infrastructure? How do I interact with my office working remotely, et cetera? And you started to see that level of interest in the end markets, which has obviously translated into increased demand in the electronics and high-tech vertical for us, which translates across to a number of products. And as I said in certain areas like green, it's not clear that it's directly related to the pandemic, but we continue to see increased focus on this. Perhaps, it's because of a broader recognition of the importance of ESG initiatives. Maybe it's because of the pandemic, but we're continuing to see more activities there. And again, this entire area of getting to eco-friendly set of product accelerates activities that might otherwise have taken longer come in a little bit earlier. So, I think that the core recognition and the elements of the market, the main what we had talked about, the question is timing. And as I said also in the call, it's hard for us to quantify what the effects of these tailwinds are going to be. So, I want to be very clear that we see this anecdotally, but it's hard. We're not quantifying the effects of these tailwinds at this point.
Ajei Gopal: So, Moxie -- again, I don't want to get too detailed here. But Moxie is a new capability that's being offered by AGI and essentially engineers -- it enables engineers to execute behavioral system L models in a virtual simulation environment, such as AGI's STK toolkit. And it's really to be able to analyze and validate the models to make sure that they can meet mission requirements. So, we're very excited about the technology. I think, it adds to our portfolio and our capabilities. And we can certainly talk more about the technical details perhaps at a later point.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. Q4 was an excellent quarter and a great ending to a strong 2020, all thanks to our one ANSYS team around the world. We continue to demonstrate the strength of our business, as well as our deep customer relationships. Several of those customers will discuss. They use as a simulation during our upcoming Simulation World, which was on April 20th to 21st of this year. This virtual event, the largest of its kind, to tens of thousands of customers, prospects students, press, and, of course, investors last year. This year Simulation World will feature customers such as Johnson & Johnson, HPE, Ferrari, Travel with Me [ph] and Northrop Grumman. You can register by attending simulationworld.com. Thank you for attending today's call and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Maria Shields: No. It was specifically just increments above what we had forecasted. There -- we -- in addition to very solid sales execution, we did see year-end budget flush, which we didn't see in Q4 of 2019, but we did see that this year, and I think some of it was just pent-up demand from perhaps Q2 and Q3 where people were on the sidelines. And when some of the enthusiasm around perhaps the second half of 2021 a return to some sense of normalcy and growth and the vaccines. I think that we just saw some enthusiasm in the customer base that we hadn't experienced in the earlier part of the year.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So, Rich, what I'd say is some of Asia's performance is also influenced just like the other geographies relative to the timing of large deals. And so, if you take a look at 2019, there were some larger deals in Asia-Pacific that drove -- that drove some of the growth that we enjoyed in 2019. We have -- like many U.S.-based software companies, we have felt the impact of the sanctions on our business in China. And specifically China is one of those markets that still is a perpetual market for us, just because of the timing of when they get access to money. And then they tend to consume large quantities of licenses that will get them through to the next cycle. So, I think the combination of the underperformance in not only China due to sanctions, but we also saw underperformance in India during 2020, that also influenced what you saw in Asia-Pac's results. 
Maria Shields: Now, Rich, we can't do anything with precision around that. We just know that in seeing the performance of the channel versus the direct, the enterprise and strategic customers were much more willing to continue to invest through the cycle. And largely because they didn't have some of the liquidity issues that the SMB market that we saw.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So, Matt, what I'd say is, look, we always have an active pipeline of M&A. We've got a team that's dedicated and we're always looking for things that compliment the portfolio and that aligned with our strategy of pervasive simulation, and equally as important that align with our culture. We've been extremely successful in integrating these acquisitions over the past 20-plus years, because we look for companies that are like us that are dedicated to customer excellence, that are dedicated to advancing the technology and solving the world's most complicated problems. And so, we will absolutely continue to actively search for opportunities to add to the portfolio and to continue to maintain our leadership in this exciting space.
