Maria Shields: Yes. So Joe let me start off by saying, if you look at the guide for the remainder of the year and second half and in line with some of the comments that Ajei and I made around how Q2 had played out, if you look at the overperformance in Q2 right, influenced by two milestone deals and in particular the one paid-up deal that contributed about $10 million to paid up that was originally scheduled for Q3 that came into Q2. So our outlook on the full year hasn't really changed. But given the dynamics and the fact that the pace of acceleration in Q3 is not happening at the rate that we had projected when we spoke to you back in early May, we just thought it was more prudent based on everything that we're seeing and the fact that customers are having extended work from home and the coronavirus situation continues to have a lot of volatility around it, it was just more prudent to go ahead and increase the ACV to take into account what's happened relative to currency, but not change our outlook on the full year. We've got a good strong pipe. We got good visibility into it. The fact that we can close those milestone deals in Q2 during the height of the pandemic continues to give us confidence that even though we've got this extended work-from-home situation that our team is effective in engaging with customers and being able to close these deals. So at this point, I don't think we're ready to start talking about upside. I think we're just ready to talk about the confidence that we have in the outlook that we've put out there today.
Maria Shields: So Andrew, relative to the 170, let me just highlight that was the higher end during all of Q2 not just in June. And that did include 58 of the employees that we brought on board in April through the Lumerical acquisition. We are on pace against our reduced hiring plan that we spoke about in May. And we're continuing to operate the business against that reduced plan just in light of the fact that the COVID situation is going on much longer than we had anticipated when we had these conversations back in May. But we are continuing to hire and we are continuing to invest because we believe that when this turns, we are going to be in an even stronger situation given the importance of simulation and the role that it plays in mission-critical R&D within our customers. So we don't want to stop investing albeit, we are investing at a slower pace and very much in line with the scenarios that we had created back in May when we have realigned all of our business plans for the remainder of the year.
Maria Shields: Yes. So, with respect to SMB, it's about a-third of our business, Tyler. And a lot of that business is covered by our channel partners. And if you look at the reduction in our plans since COVID began, about 75% of the reduction comes from the SMB space. And you're also seeing that in the decline in the perpetual business, which is largely attributable to that space as well. We are not factoring in into our outlook, for the remainder of the year, any significant recovery in that space. We think it's going to take longer, just given that they are not as well capitalized and don't have the same liquidity that our enterprise customers do. And so, what we're doing, we are trying to help our customers and our channel partners through these very challenging times, because as we discovered in 2008 and 2009, when you go through difficult times, you're able to create very strong relationships that then you can build off for the next decade. And so we want to continue that practice, because it's important that we maintain those relationships. And so, we're doing everything that we can relative to helping from a cash flow perspective, extending payment terms. And as you saw we went ahead and increased our outlook relative to the amount of 2020 cash flow that will be impacted where we will see payments shift into 2021 as we help our customers and our channel partners through these challenging times. 
Maria Shields: Yes. So, Jay, relative to your question around cash flow longer-term, what I'd say is if you think about longer-term, ACV margin less taxes is probably the metric that will be more correlated than the 606 P&L, because of the volatility that you mentioned. But larger deals come with more favourable payments. So sometimes in connection with those larger deals, we will grant extensions as part of the negotiation. So I can't say all of the volatility will be removed. But certainly if you take that ACV margin less taxes, I think that is -- it will give you a more stable prediction around operating cash flow going forward.
Maria Shields: Yes. So what I'll say, if you take a look at Q2 and obviously, we did Q2's linearity, it was extremely similar to Q2 of 2019. So the third month still disproportionately is where the largest deals and the largest volume of business tend to close. And so we didn't see any changes relative to linearity nor do we expect any significant changes in linearity as we look out for the remainder of the year.
Maria Shields: Yes. And Adam with respect to the second part of your question on the ACV and revenue increase, yes, it's basically currency-related. At this stage, we didn't feel that the movement of one large deal from Q3 to Q2 would warrant us increasing the full year outlook just given the pipe and what we see right now we feel comfortable with the guide that we gave last evening.
Ajei Gopal: And just to add a little bit more colour on the recruiting, we are hiring people of course across the company. You saw as Maria said with Lumerical, we got a number of R&D, very skilled executive -- employees who joined the company. And we've also been recruiting in our ACE organization and our shared services team. So, we're really recruiting across all of the different functions in the areas -- the strategic areas that we have talked about in the past. And so we're continuing to execute against the longer-term plans that we've put in place and that we've discussed with you earlier.
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think its -- Jackson, it goes to the point that I've been making all along. As you consider our relationship with our customers, we have built over the decades very deep relationships with our customers and they rely on us for the areas that are most important to them specifically in the areas of R&D and the creation of new products. And even as we're seeing in certain parts of the economy and certainly automotive is a great example where there is some short -- where there is a demand challenge that you're seeing in -- and you're seeing slowdowns and you're seeing shutdowns in plants. What's really important to recognize and certainly automotive companies recognize as well is that, as we come out of the pandemic investment in R&D is what allows them to maintain their edge as they come out of this. And so, that's it. It's a commitment to R&D. It's a commitment to the long-term success of their business. And it's a recognition that simulation what we provide is absolutely essential. It's a force multiplier, as I said in my comments. It's a force multiplier to their R&D initiatives. So this is one thing. The other thing is, I think that, when you consider people working from home or rethinking the digital nature of their product processes and exactly what it means now to be able to take all of your employees and have them be effective from home, it becomes even more important to consider that digital transformation. And in our opinion, there isn't a pure representation of the digital behaviour of the product and simulation. That is the essence of the digital behaviour of a product. And again, our customers recognize this. And as you start to see this transition and the understanding that digital transformation or the understanding of how to take advantage of digital technologies is going to be essential for product development in the future, I think that plays into our sweet spot. So it's customer relationships, it's the importance of simulation. It's the nature of the businesses that our customers that are running. All of those are important.
Ajei Gopal: So Matt, as we said this was an example where -- and what Coke referred to was the fact that their engineers were more productive than they might have been in their data centres and that's reflective of the fact that the Cloud provides them with access to the latest hardware. They're not necessarily -- in general, it provides engineers with access to the latest hardware. They're not tied to whatever investments may have been made in the data centres of -- at the time that the data centres were set up or at the time that they were updated. So there's some real advantages to being able to take advantage -- to use the Cloud. And certainly as people and engineers are trying to get access to cloud technology from -- or access to simulation activity from wherever they may be working from home from remote locations, certainly we see the cloud as being important. You have to recognize of course that, our customers have made in many cases significant investments in data centres and they continue to take advantage of those data centres. And many of our customers have built in place a working model where you have engineers in remote locations accessing their data centres remotely to be able to take advantage of our technologies. So it's a mix. I mean, they're taking advantage of cloud technology. Sometimes they're using on-premises, sometimes they'll use a hybrid. We certainly do expect to see an acceleration in the use of cloud technology, and certainly the acceleration of use of ANSYS Cloud as a result of this pandemic. There is no question that that will be the case. However, it is off a small base, as we've said to you before, and our -- and we have a very long tail in terms of the investment that our customers have made in HPC. So you should factor all of that when you consider the dynamic in the marketplace.
Ajei Gopal: Well, Ken if I talk about larger deals as an example, you'll see that the U.S. has a number of large customers. And certainly, if you start to look to the second half of the year, we do have some renewals from these larger customers and that obviously also causes us to look to the U.S. in terms of driving activity. And part -- as we look to the second half of the year, we also do have some larger transactions that we're expecting from Europe as well. So we're expecting some larger activity in the second half of the year from the EMEA team as well. So North America, generally speaking much larger number of large deals spread more over the Europe. There are some large deals more towards the second half of the year.
Ajei Gopal: So, let me address the question about Discovery. As I said in the script earlier, and if you -- if you listened to our launch last week you probably would have seen that, we -- when we launched Discovery the current version of Discovery, it is an improvement over the previous version in that we have seamless connections into our flagship solvers. So not only have we made a number of improvements to the Discovery Live engine as well we've built these seamless connections and the UI has been -- and the interface has been completely revamped as well. So it's a very interesting -- we think it's a very exciting product and it brings together the notion of interactive modelling, it brings together real time simulation and it brings together the accuracy of the ANSYS flagship solvers into one end-user experience that, we think is radically easy to use. So we're very excited about this technology. The reason obviously, we've made these enhancements is because we're getting feedback from customers and we're evolving the technology. So we see this as being -- as certainly helping our ability to continue to sell and be successful in the marketplace. I also mentioned, as we're talking about Discovery, I also mentioned our partner PTC and the success that they're seeing with their OEM of Discovery into Creo Simulation Live. So we're seeing continued trials and adoption of Discovery. We're excited about the product line. It is as I said, and as I've been very careful to caution all of you it is off a very small base. It's a new product in a conservative market. But we're very excited about the product and the capabilities and similarly excited about our relationship with PTC.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you. With our strong execution, coupled with a diverse customer base Q2 has once again demonstrated the strength and the resilience of the ANSYS business. I would like to really thank the global ANSYS team, including our employees, our channel partners and our other strategic partners, for their continued dedication and their passion in helping our customers develop the best products in the market that are making simulation pervasive. And thank you everyone for joining the call. Be safe and enjoy the rest of your day.
