Maria T. Shields: So, Monika, relative to the outlook for the full year on revenue guidance, it is slightly modified up after factoring in the currency impact of $15 million. And from an ACV perspective, the same thing, really the only changes to ACV at this point are factoring in the negative impact from currency in the second half of the year because of what's transpired in rate changes since we gave guidance in May. There was no other changes to ACV other than for currency.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. The ACV range, Monika, we've given a wide enough range that we believe that some of the puts and takes that may happen, particularly in Q4 where some of those larger deals are heavily weighted towards. Sometimes, the reality is timing may move those into another quarter. So, we're trying to balance all the variables and factor in timing around large deals and the reality that as you get to the end of the year sometimes with holidays and things, you just run out of runway.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So, Gal, what I'd say is, I commented in the script, I called out the fact that the recurring revenue streams are growing double digits in constant currency and, no doubt, perpetual licenses are single-digit growth this year. That being said, certain geographies particularly in Asia, as Ajei had alluded to, that are slated for second half tend to be paid up in nature. But no, Gal, as the enterprise and strategic accounts become a larger part of the quarterly business flow, they are choosing leases as opposed to traditional. When they were more single physics customers, they tended to be paid up and now they are migrating. We will continue to have a flexible business model that enables customers to choose because that's the most important element, we believe, as customers migrate to truly broadening the use of multiphysics across the enterprise and adding new products to their portfolio of usage. We need to allow them to license the software under whatever model makes sense for them. And currently a number of those are choosing multiyear leases and we're okay with that.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. Rob, I just wanted to add one thing. As with any time that we acquire businesses, it just has a natural slowdown, as we think through the integration, as we think through what talent do they bring to the table that may be able to fulfill roles that we had originally thought in the plan that we were going to go to market to fill. So, that combined with, no doubt, a more challenging hiring environment has slowed things down. But that being said, we continue to have an aggressive recruiting engine, in fact, we just recently hired a couple more additional people on that team to help us as we head into the second half, so that we are well prepared as we head into 2019.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So, what I said was for Q3, we're looking at a range of 19% to 21% because we will have a non-recurring benefit of about $5 million or $0.06. And then for the full year, we are looking at a rate of 21% to 22%.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah, around margins, I'll take that one. Jay, if you look at our guidance for full year under ASC 605, we're saying 44% to 45%, which was pretty much in line with what we had communicated as we came into the year relative to our perspective for the full year. We are building in the impact of OPTIS, which is slightly negative as we had communicated last quarter. And, no doubt, we are continuing to add investments across the business, particularly on the people front, R&D, field engineering, as Ajei mentioned. On the partnerships, we have added incremental people whose full-time job now is to focus on the success of those partnerships. So, we're investing across all the functions of the business to prepare ourselves to be able to continue to take advantage of the tremendous market opportunity that we see ahead
Maria T. Shields: And, Ross, to your question on ACV growth, ACV is a new metric that we just started reporting in 2017. So, we have not gone back to recreate ACV under historical data. So, I don't have the comparisons for last year to the same periods.
Ajei S. Gopal: Oh, yes. In APAC, so essentially the point about APAC was, as I mentioned in the script, we have a year that's more – a little bit back-end loaded. And that obviously, the timing of deals obviously then has an overall impact on quarter performance versus year performance. That's number one. Point number two, I would say we were a little bit slower in implementing some of the go-to-market changes that I just talked about in South Korea and that had an impact, I would say, on our performance in that country. And then, the other point I mentioned was around the centralization of some large enterprise deals. Essentially what happens is we serve customers obviously who are global in nature, they have workforces around the world. And we had a few deals where even with workforces in India, the customers chose to purchase at a different country and centralize the purchasing. So, that's the situation over there. It's obviously a multiphysics solution that these customers are going after as opposed to a historical kind of single physics deal. So, that's really the changes that are highlighted in the script.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, firstly, this was our first full quarter of Discovery in the marketplace and we've seen trials increase. We have conducted or we've sold Discovery Live in every single geo, we've sold Discovery through multiple channels and the feedback has been very positive. We're seeing customer traction. I gave you an example in the script of China Southern Power Grid. So, there is clearly market demand for the product. There's validation that the product hits a sweet spot and there's validation that we have it right. So, I'm excited about that. With respect to PTC, that's a royalty arrangement with PTC. So, to your point about margins, it's a royalty arrangement. As far as the revenue impact from the PTC relationship, at this point of time we don't have product in market and we don't expect to see any impact in 2018. We're expecting this to have an impact on the following year. As far as customers' interests are concerned, they don't view this as a – this is not sort of a small add-on to a CAD solution. The Discovery Live, the simulation aspects of Discovery Live are extremely powerful and this is brand-new industry leading capability. So, we're seeing a lot of excitement from customers, especially in the PTC installed base as they think about their Creo users, for them to be able to get CAD we don't see any problem in maintaining the price point at all. So, we don't see that as a problem right now. Obviously, we'll have product in market later on and we'll have hands-on evidence later on, but right now we don't see the price point as a problem at all. And I think I addressed all the questions.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, one of the important metrics to consider as you think about our evolution for large deals is to think about the journey that we've been on. And if you look back at the history of ANSYS, we were historically selling single physics and our sales motions were around being able to sell an incremental solver at a time and we were operating very much at the lower levels of the organization. We've obviously moved up over the years and certainly with the changes that Rick – in the go-to-market that I spoke about earlier, the changes that Rick has made, we have a very clear and thoughtful approach to being able to address the needs of our customers. We use channel partners where appropriate, we use inside sales where appropriate, and certainly we have also strategic accounts and enterprise accounts. These are accounts that we believe will be driving significant multi-portfolio sales and as I mentioned in my script, we have – something like 75% of these large million-dollar deals include three or more physics. And so, what you're seeing in the evolution is customers who were previously single physics customers are now expanding their footprint and moving to multiphysics customers. No one shows up on day one as a non-customer of ANSYS and then buys multiple millions of dollars of software across multiple physics. Usually what happens is they'll come in and they'll grow. And so, many of our existing customers and many of these large deals come from customers who've had years of success with ANSYS who are now expanding their use of simulation. The reason they're expanding their use of simulation is not just because we're building, we're reaching them in the best possible way we are. We're trying to meet the customers where they are. We're trying to adjust our go-to-market to address the needs of the customers. So, that's one. But it's also the case that the products that they're dealing with are becoming significantly more complicated. So, if you take, for example, automotive and I mentioned an automotive sale whereas years ago we may have had a conversation with customers about structures or fluids or air flow. Today, the conversation is about electrification. I mentioned the example of Volkswagen Motorsport, it's about electrification, it's about electric drive trains. The conversation is about autonomous and these are all intrinsically multiphysics solutions that include our electronic solutions, our embedded software, optical solutions, we have OPTIS in the case of autonomous and so forth. And so, the nature of the customer problems have changed. We're in the right place at the right time of the right portfolio. We have the right go-to-market and we're in a position to get to the customers as they need to, which is essentially driving the growth of our portfolio. The other point I made in the script is we've made investments in our engineering services organization and we're able to monetize that investment and that also drives adoption and it drives customer success. So, we're very excited about this movement towards larger deals, towards satisfying customer needs at a higher level and we're very optimistic.
Ajei S. Gopal: It's very hard to give you a formulaic response, because the fact remains that each of these deals, it depends on the industry that the customer happens to be in, it depends on the geos and it depends on the specific initiatives that they have underway. And so, there's no standardized answer. The broad trends though that I've mentioned several times, the broad trends that we're seeing of smarter products, that's driving a lot of this conversation. And so, you'd get and I gave you the example of how we are having these broader conversations with a number of customers in the automotive space. If I think about telecommunications, we're having conversations about 5G and those happen to be strategic initiatives and so on. I can pick the industry and whatever the strategic area is, that's the area that we're focused on to try to help them be successful using our technology. And that's what drives the incremental use of technology. And oftentimes you'll find customers starting to take a step away from some of their core areas of competence as they start to move into some of these new physics. And in particular, customers have historically not used electronics heavily in the building of their products. When they recognize that you now need to build smarter products, they need more support for electronics. That depends on the level of staffing they can get and that depends a little bit on the broader support they're able to get together for themselves and, of course, we're in a position to help there, too. So, a lot of it really depends on where the customer is, industry, geo and so on.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, one of the reasons I've mentioned auto is really they epitomize this change that's taking place towards smart connected products. The big trends in automotive which are autonomous vehicles, electrification and sort of connected, if you will, all of those trends, we have great technologies that support our customers through that transition. So, we have, for example, with the OPTIS acquisition that we just recently concluded, we have now an end-to-end simulation that allows our customers to be able to simulate driven miles. And so, one of the big challenges with autonomous is you can't – it's very difficult to test autonomous vehicles and we can now with this integration across the OPTIS portfolio and the traditional ANSYS portfolio, we now have an integrated view of virtual miles driven as well as an integrated view of all of the sensors, including camera, lidar and radar as well as, of course, ultrasound for short distance. And we can kind of close the loop on the simulation process. So, that's a very exciting solution. It's completely relevant to what the car companies are dealing with right now and not just on road, but also off road. Similarly for electrification and I gave a couple of examples, and similarly for connected and we're talking about 5G and antenna design and so forth. So, that's clearly making a difference for the end customer and then, of course, those changes reverberate through the supply chain. And so, we're having conversations and we're working with customers, for example, around the integration of our safety technology into semiconductors. And so, in fact, in Q2 a major automotive chip provider, they expanded their use of simulation – and who's the chip provider, they expanded the use of simulation to include ANSYS medini, which is our safety solution to get ISO 26262 functional – for ISO 26262 functional safety analysis, which is appropriate for the auto industry. So, there's an enormous amount of reverberation through the supply chain from the automotive sector that you're seeing. So, I think that's one area. But these broad trends, I think, are applicable across industries. As I said, industries are at different levels of maturity and we expect to see these trends repeating themselves across other industries as well.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, to answer your question, there are actually, I would say, a couple of important use cases for Discovery Live. And one as we've discussed is, of course, the – is the use of Discovery Live by individuals who have not necessarily been using simulation and those individuals could be at companies who historically have not bought ANSYS solutions. And so, that's clearly a use case. But there's a really exciting use case which the Discovery Live, Southern China experience does bring to focus and that is that many of our customers who are historical users of ANSYS recognize the opportunity to be able to broaden the deployment of simulation through their engineering base by making Discovery Live available to their designers. And so, we'll go from the flagship into the designers. But equally, we can go in from the designers into the flagships, because we have now the ability to provide this end-to-end coverage across the organization for people of different levels of skills and capabilities and understanding of simulation with the ability to be able to move and migrate work across the different product lines. And so, that's a dynamic that we're very excited about. And we see this pattern continuing with customers and that's something that we're encouraging and, certainly, our enterprise sales force is excited about that because that g them an opportunity to engage with some of these large customers and they're seeing large opportunities for Discovery Live, but then they're seeing that driving further flagship sales. So, that's a symbiotic effect that we're very excited about.
Ajei S. Gopal: Thanks, Chris. I'm delighted by the excellent quarter and the progress that we've made. Our Pervasive Simulation strategy is clearly resonating with customers. And as I think about the rest of the year, our focus remains on execution. We will continue to strengthen our flagship products with ANSYS 19.2 that's coming out soon and we will continue to expand our ecosystem through additional partnerships. And, of course, we will continue to support and grow our customer base. In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners and a shout out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you for all your efforts and thank you for another great quarter. Thank you all for joining me on the call today. I look forward to our next discussions. Enjoy the rest of your day.
