Maria Shields: Yes. So, Ken, I'll take that. Yes, we did see a little bit of positive impact from the China situation in Q2, which helped to drive some of the overperformance in revenue. That being said, it wasn't material to the quarter. We have factored in a reduction in our expectations from the China business in the second half. I would say somewhere in the $5 million to $10 million range. And yes, the - what transpired relative to currency is all factored into the outlook that we gave last evening in our earnings announcement.
Maria Shields: No. So just to be clear, that deal was actually in our forecast, it wasn't an outlier. But that being said, as we began to articulate in Q1 that under 606, no doubt the tax payments have increased. So as a result, the combination of the increase in tax payments under 606 as well as about a 2% headwind for the full year and the dilutive impact on cash flows from the acquisitions that we did earlier in the year, all lead to us deciding that it's probably prudent not to take up the cash flow guidance until we get a sense of the timing around closing of those larger deals in the second half to see whether or not they will impact 2019 cash flows or move into Q1 of 2020.
Maria Shields: Yes, I would say the impact - the inorganic impact of the acquisitions that we did this year are about 3%. So the remainder is all organic.
Maria Shields: Yes, so I would say the linearity was about the same as we've experienced throughout 2018 and Q1 of 2019. I can't speak to any specific country that we saw weakness at the end, obviously the tariff situation in China, but we've got enough resiliency in the model from our geographic and our vertical distribution that - that we were able to execute against our forecasts, and closed successfully. And as you saw, each of the major geographies delivered double-digit constant-currency revenue growth, so we feel good about our execution in Q2, and obviously as we've taken up our guide on all of our key metrics for earnings, ACV and revenues for the full year, we still see a lot of momentum and we've got a healthy pipeline. So now we just need to focus on execution for the remainder of the year.
Maria Shields: Duration hasn't really changed. I'd say those multi-year deals still tend to be between two and three years.
Maria Shields: Yes, I would say it was driven by two things. Yes. Some companies buying ahead, but that was a smaller portion. The other was the large transaction that Ajei referred to in his prepared remarks. So the impact of both are what drove the performance in those numbers that you referred to.
Maria Shields: Yes. So I would say first of all, it's lower revenue is really the primary driver. But no doubt if you heard my commentary in my remarks, we are in the second half contemplating, continuing to hire and making up for some of the slower pace in the first half. We've got a number of digital transformation projects underway that we will continue to invest in heavily across the business. And of course the impact of the acquisitions that we closed earlier, so a combination of all of those, or what's driving the operating margin outlook for Q3 and the remainder of the year.
Maria Shields: Yes, it's across the board, as I spoke on the last earnings call Q1 was a combination of not only, I'll call it a challenging hiring environment and that's not just a domestic issue that's really globally. But that was also impacted by, as you can imagine, when you do two acquisitions in a quarter before we just keep the hiring pipeline open, we take a look at the new talent that is joined ANSYS to see if there is opportunities to fill open positions and to broaden some of our new teammates responsibilities. So that slowed down some of the activity in Q1. As I said, we did hire 100 people in Q2 and the reality is we are going to continue to aggressively pursue our hiring plans throughout the remainder of the year, and we are recruiting for physicians across the business. So there is no single function or part of the business that's disproportionately impacted. It's really across the business and it is a more challenging hiring environment than we've seen at least, I've seen in at least a decade.
Maria Shields: Yes, no, we still got single-digit turnover, so we are able to retain, but it is the recruiting efforts that just takes longer. And as you can imagine, sometimes when you have very highly talented employees who go to their existing employer and announce they are going to be leaving, their existing employers are getting more aggressive relative to what do they have to do to retain those people. So it's tricky. We're continuing to find people as you also know, we are looking for highly selective candidates in what we're hiring for. So it's not always easy to find them. But we are confident that we can continue to attract and retain our talent as we've done for almost 50 years now.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, there is - there is always an opportunity for us to convert single-physics deals into multi-physics deals. Obviously some of it depends on the use cases some speaking in generalities, but it depends on the use cases of the customers are half of a specific application, but I said in general, as I said in the call, we're trying to expand deal sizes, not only by focusing on single-physics, as is the case with this one, but we're also trying to drive the multi-physics cross-sell across the organization. And those two work together. So even as we deepen single-physics, we're continuing to look at broadening the multi-physics and even in the organization, which has a multi-physics sales there is opportunities to deep individual holding. So they're both kind of working parallel with each other but absolutely, it's the basis of our ability to drive larger deals.
Ajei Gopal: So let me start with the second question first. As you know, we at ANSYS fight ourselves on the nature of our technology, the accuracy of our solutions and the effectiveness that we have in bringing new ideas and new technologies and new techniques to market, and we continue to make investments. And obviously, Jay, what you're referring to, and what you saw, is a glimpse into some of the work that we're doing within our organization to continue to drive innovation, you mentioned the cloud, obviously, we continue to make investments in the cloud, we continue to drive product - product capabilities in the cloud. We have most recently an announcement, I think a couple of quarters ago, for ANSYS' Cloud, which is obviously driving - which is driving Cloud usage as well as of course HPC usage within the traditional data center. We've talked about investments that we're making in computational techniques that result in faster speed up of our algorithms, we continue to make investments, in fact I referred to one of those investments we were able to get 100x speed up in some of our capabilities in my script. So I think that there is a significant amount of investment that we're making in a different set of vectors you mentioned, componentized architectures and that obviously reflects the next generation as we invest in our platform activity. We have an industry-leading platform in the form of ANSYS Workbench and we continue to make investments in that technology as well. So there is a number of different investments we're making in machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data analytics, all of which we think support our business and make us most successful. So that's obviously the case, and you're seeing some of that and I'm glad you were able to look at that presentation. As far as the industry verticals are concerned, what I'm excited about of course is the growth that we're seeing in the high-tech markets, aerospace and defense and automotive and all of these areas are drive - there is a significant level of industry focus on those areas and frankly those constitute tailwinds that are driving the growth of our business and we're excited about the activity that's taking place, and the activity that's taking place really permeates the entire supply chain an. And in many cases as you know, when we think about the end markets we refer to customers where they belong even though from an electronics company might be supplying other companies elsewhere in the supply chain as well. So I hope that I answered your questions.
Ajei Gopal: So usually what happens is, firstly, obviously two vectors, one, is there more users using the technology and there is more usage of that technology and that might be in more use cases that may be in more complex products that require greater amounts of simulation. Our sales team is engaged with the customers, we try to understand the nature of the technologies, the nature of the problems they are trying to solve. And we are obviously effective in positioning simulation as the way of being able to address some of that challenges. And so as they take on more and more different products, in some cases across different departments, across different parts of the organization, the success that we are enjoying in one part of the organization starts to become infectious across that organization. And so I think that that's one important dimension. The other thing to realize is as products become more complex, the amount of simulation required to validate or to effectively launch those products increases and that requires more - more simulation to be run. So that's greater use of HPC, high performance computing and that translates obviously into ultimately more business for ANSYS, and so it's more users, it's more use cases, it's more HPC, all of which drive to use within a single physics. And then of course as I've said before, problems tend to be multi-physics in nature for - especially for larger companies that are looking at season and broader products and in that case, we're able to then leverage single-physics into a multi-physics sale.
Ajei Gopal: So when we think about the automotive industry, the two broad trends. I would say are perhaps addressing and changing the way that the automotive industry thinks the first is electrification and the use of electric power to drive these cars. And the second is - the second is autonomy and the use of - and the creation of safer and smarter cars leading ultimately to autonomous cars. And both of those are massive - there is massive levels of investment in both of those areas. And if you have a conversation with an automotive company, those two areas tend to be huge areas where they're spending - they're spending money, they're retooling, they are trying to make sure that they can stay ahead as the industry goes through this transition. So those remain big, but at the same time car companies are building cars, so they're still worried about the fundamentals that they've worried about for many years, which include how do you deal with - how do you deal with structural analysis and integrity, but to give you one example; the problems of structures and vibration analysis and noise is an area that we've been in for a number of years, we've helped customers solve that problem. Well, when you move to an electric car that problem becomes even more pronounced and so what might have been okay with an internal combustion engine, which was drowning out the noise in a car is no longer okay, when you're dealing with an electric car which might be much quieter. So the problems that they're dealing with and they're trying to solve in some cases are even more complex because of this new technology. And so, absolutely, we see an ongoing demand for simulation to be used, not only where it's historically been used, but also for these incremental new use cases like electrification and autonomy. The other thing that I would draw your attention to is materials, I mean companies are starting to look at the use of different materials and understanding the role of materials and the nature of the interaction between the materials they use and the outcome that they get, that's also important. And of course that's where some of the acquisitions and technology that we got through Granta come into play a role. So when I think about the automotive industry, every single one of our technologies and techniques whether it was original ANSYS Mechanical which was the heritage and the foundation of the Company to the most recent acquired technologies that we have, are all relevant for the automotive industry and are solving problems that are absolutely pertinent and center for them being successful as they go forward in the industry.
Ajei Gopal: Well, as you know, we've had a strategy for a number of years that we've been executing against to integrate our products together through the ANSYS Workbench and that continues to be - that continues to be the strategy, it was a very innovative solution that make - that made simulation dramatically easier, and it gave us a framework and a mechanism by which new technologies could be integrated together. And frankly, our strategy continues to be to drive that level of platform integration both through Workbench and as I said earlier, we continue to invest in our ongoing platform work to componentize the platform to make it easier for people to drive that level of integration, because we believe an open strategy here is in the best interest of ANSYS and our customers. So we define APIs, we allow third-parties to integrate in, we certainly integrate our technologies together when we define workflows and we continue to do that and that's part of the strategy that we've had for a number of years, of course, we continue to increase our level of investments in that. When you think about some of these next-generation challenges that we're addressing with our customers, I mentioned electrification, I mentioned autonomy, 5G, et cetera. These are also intrinsically multi-physics solutions, which require an integrated workflow and we're able to position and provide those to our customers as well, based on the integration work we've done across our products.
Ajei Gopal: The value proposition for Discovery Live is really unchanged from what it's been and what I've described in the past, namely Discovery Live offers an individual a very quick way - a real time way of getting a directionally accurate solution in - or an analysis of a particular problem that the real-time nature of Discovery Live is what makes it so valuable and the fact that make it's so intuitive to use and so easy to use, is what makes Discovery Live accurate. Now, we found - we found that there are use cases certainly, where customers or users are completely new to simulation, we'll see the benefit of use of Discovery Live and there are - we have cases where that's the case. And we also have other cases where Discovery Live is being used by much - by people who are much more adept, who have used simulation in the past, in fact are able to use the ANSYS flagship tools as part of their day-to-day work, but by using Discovery Live to give them a directional idea of where they need to apply deeper levels of simulation. And obviously as I said, the value proposition for Discovery Live is it gives them that immediate - it gives them that immediate feedback without having to do the deeper analysis. And then they can use that immediate feedback to figure out whether they should start looking to do deeper analysis. So we see both of those kinds of use cases. Certainly, when you think about enterprise customers, you see exactly that because there are people in within larger enterprise organizations who are users of ANSYS and you see people in there who are taking advantages of relive who are not currently users of the ANSYS suite but take advantage of Discovery Live to give them insight simulation-based side. Now as far as the co-existence with PTC and - is concerned, as an example in CAD or in general with CAD. There is a cadre of users who are using CAD from their vendor. And what we are in a position to do in that model with PTC of course is to make Discovery Live capabilities visible to the CAD user natively. So someone was those laying out of CAD design will be able to use the PTC Creo simulate live solution to be able to quickly iterate and that gives them obviously an integrated workflow within the PTC solution and so that's an advantage. But there are also users, as I pointed out in the case of the defense DoD contractor that I referred to in my script. There are also users who are not currently CAD users. And we have a situation where, in that case where the customer made a decision to purchase both Discovery Live, as well as PTC Creo simulate Live. They are trying to strategically drive upfront simulation across the supply chain, both internally and externally, and what they want to try to do is to get every single engineer to be able to run their own simulation, whether they're a simulation expert or not, so that they can get to more rapid and informed decisions early. And as I said in that situation, we expect to see potentially hundreds or thousands of engineers across multiple business users - taking advantage of simulation, some case there'll be CAD users using the PTC solution, in some cases, they won't be CAD users they will be taking advantage of the Discovery Live solution. And of course, if a customer is using another CAD solution, we have natural interconnections between Discovery Live and the other CAD Solutions, where you have the ability to take advantage of both technologies in parallel.
Ajei Gopal: I mean, I think the Maria’s comment actually said - said it very clearly. We have looked closely at our pipeline and given where we are. The guidance that we're giving takes into account everything that we understand about our pipeline and what we understand about the macro and the situation and the trade discussions between the U.S. and China, as well as the broader macro. So we are in a position, our guidance is based on what we know now and what our analysis is based upon the circumstances that we see in the market today.
Ajei Gopal: All of the ones that I mentioned, autonomy, electrification, 5G, IoT all of these I think are very early in their development. We think were broadly very early in their development. We certainly see customers who will make significant levels of investments in this over multiple years as products get better and better, and as technology starts to improve. Certainly in the case of Autonomous, as I mentioned, and I alluded to, I think in my script. I don't think you can get experts to agree on when the Level 5 full autonomy is going to be ready in the marketplace. Some people will say sooner or some people will say later, but the fact remains that on the path towards Level 5 full autonomy there are all kinds of innovations which are being created that will make vehicles better and safer and even partial autonomy starts to significantly improve the safety capabilities on the road. And simulation plays a significant role. So this is a multiyear journey that the industry is on, where simulation is going to play a huge role in autonomy. And I would make the observation of course that it’s not just in automotive, it's aerospace, it's other industrial equipment. I think I talked in an earlier conference call about undersea equipment as well, so an autonomous submersible. So there are all kinds of areas where autonomy is applicable and there continues to be enormous amounts of work ahead of us as an industry. Similarly for electrification, I could go through it in similar detail and equally for 5G, equally for IoT, all of these are major, major mega trends that we believe to be multi-trends trends that are frankly driving the growth of our core business. And so, I think we're in a very enviable position as a company to have a core business that's in a very strong and actively growing part of the market and with products that are leading edge products to be able to address customers' problems in these multiyear mega challenges that they're facing.
Ajei Gopal: I think that - anytime you're looking at pipeline and trying to predict exactly what happens in the pipeline, especially for some of these larger deals. It varies on an individual customer by customer basis. We're not assuming, we obviously the ANSYS business if you think about the overall volume, we do have a certain number of large deals and larger customers. But of course we have a large amount of the business that's much smaller more transactional in nature. And obviously that's easier to predict because we know we have a law of large numbers of volumes working as when we're dealing with be the more transactional piece of the business. For the larger deals of course we understand exactly what the customer problem is. We know what the value proposition is. In many cases we've been working with the customer for a while, we understand the challenges that they're dealing with. And we understand the compelling event that's driving them to spend the money with us. They're trying to make a particular product launch. They're trying to get some particular technology out to market. They are trying to compete in a different way in the market. All of these are major drivers and they're spending money with us to help achieve these business objectives. And so, when we link these business objectives with our understanding of the value that we can provide, and we put it together, given the nature of the relationships we have with some of these customers. We can predict and we factor that in, into our prediction of the pipeline. So it's a more - it’s a thoughtful analysis of where we are and that results in the guidance obviously that - we give to you guys.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, we will obviously be able to give you a longer discussion during Investor Day when we’ll talk a little bit more about Discovery Live and the technology, but I think a quick way to think about it, Gal is that in our industry, our customers tend to be quite conservative. And even for a breakthrough product like Discovery Live, our internal expectations are that it will take time for customers to take advantage of these technologies. And so, as you rightly point out, it's not really a material part of our business as we think about it this year or in the short term. So we'll give you more insights, perhaps be able to address these questions and others during the Investor Day presentation in a couple of months. Next month.
Ajei Gopal: So one of the areas, one of the reasons why customers are looking to ANSYS on more services is that they've got to solve some of these more complex problems were able to help them understand using services capabilities, using our services capability, how to solve some of these next-generation problems. So they're looking to solve some of these complex problems, reaching out to us to help them to do that. And that's where we provide services. But as you know, our business model is not to be a services company, we are a software business and yes, services is not a big portion of our business and it's not going to be a big portion of our business, going forward. Our plan is to, our plan is to work with - continue to work with third-parties and partners as appropriate, and we're continuing to evaluate third-parties to take to take on responsibilities to some of these newer solution areas that customers are looking to. And we will continue to drive our investments in our business where services drive license revenue. So that's the way you should think about the services business, and obviously, we don't see that services ratio really changing as a percentage of our overall revenue in the term.
Ajei Gopal: I thank you all for your questions. Before I sign off, I'd like to once again thank my colleagues at ANSYS as well as our channel partners around the world for all of their hard work and their efforts that are leading to our success. Thank you all so much. And for the rest of you, thank you for joining the call and please enjoy the rest of your day.
