Maria Shields: Yes. So, with respect to Q3, the ACV was you had about 3% to 4% of the quarterly growth was from the acquisitions. You saw we broke out relative to the two new acquisitions were for the remainder of 2019 we broke out separately in the prepared remarks. So, with respect to their contributions, it's about $10 million from those two for the remainder of the year.
Maria Shields: Yes, Saket, but what I'll say is we don't report on any individual physics family because that's not really the lens through which we view the opportunity. You mentioned in your in your comment about multi-physics and that’s really the strength of the breadth and depth of our portfolio and how we think about our go-to-market opportunity. One data point I'll point you to is the comments that Ajei had in his prepared remarks is that if you think about the large deals in Q3, 80% of those deals included products from four or more major, physics families. So we really are going to market in enabling our customers to solve incredibly complex problems because the problems are really multi-physics and no longer single-physics-oriented.
Maria Shields: Yes and I think if you just look at the UK, it’s a comparable. So, it is indicative of what you're going to see relative to some of the variability that ASC 606 introduces depending on the timing of when deal take. So, I would not read into the UK. And as Ajei said, our plan all along as we've been communicated since we first guided on 2019 back in earlier in the year is that the pipeline and the deal opportunities were really back end loaded, and a lot of the those are just aligned with the year-end planning and budgeting cycle of our large customers.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So, with respect to duration, Steve, what I would say is we're not seeing any extension duration. Just to give you a couple data points, at the end of Q3, if you look at deferred revenue, the current is about 5.2 months, which is about the same as it was last year at this time. The long-term deferred is about two months. And to some of those larger deals that Ajei spoke to in his prepared remarks, those, on average, are two to three-year deals. So, the larger enterprise deals and the strategic accounts, we're still seeing that they are choosing multiyear as opposed to annual. Annual, we are still seeing though in the momentum and the more traditional SMB space. And when you think…
Maria Shields: About what we are bringing to Q4, obviously, we've got a pipeline. Rick and his team are very seasoned. And so, some of them, they balance some of the risk around holidays and around how many people need to be involved in the approval process and so, we try our best given that the larger these deals get, if one slips to Q1 for whatever reason, it can have a significant impact under ASC 606. So, we try our best to factor in everything that we know about macro as well as individual deals that really could have any impact on the quarter and try to use the best judgment we can when we're formulating our guidance.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So with respect to your first question, yeah, relative to the largest accounts I would say double-digit growth, absolutely, especially as we expand our footprint across more users and more applications. And with respect to the OEMs, we've been OEM-ing and partnering not just with CAD players, but with many other technology companies throughout our history. As you heard, LSTC as an example, has been partner of ours for 25 years. And we've got others and the Motor-CAD design opportunity was just one that – where we've got a used case scenario with common customers and it made sense for them to be able to leverage their technology and our global go-to market.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks for the question. And so, as you – as I said at the Investor Day, which we had in September, we have started to focus on these larger accounts or these so-called enterprise accounts. And we've increased the of the number of those accounts from just a handful, a little over a dozen a couple of years ago to around 85 today. And as I mentioned during Investor Day, and I think I walked through a case study of a particular customer, which shows how by focusing on that customer as we would with an enterprise – as we do with enterprise accounts, by focusing on the customer, we were able to deliver significantly incremental value to that customer, a customer based upon the capability and the full suite of our portfolio. And that translates into incremental growth opportunity. So, for that particular customer that I walk through, we had a modest growth for a number of years. And then as we started to focus with them on an enterprise account, we grew ACV by about 10% in the first couple of years as an enterprise account. And then, subsequently, we've grown ACV at about 17% CAGR over the couple of years afterwards. And there's still a significant opportunity ahead because of – in the case for that particular customer, there are opportunities of that in a number of other areas. And we're seeing the story being repeated across our enterprise account base. By focusing on the accounts, we can deliver incremental value to our customers, and, of course, that translates to incremental growth. So, that's the dynamic that you're really seeing taking place in our business as we look forward.
Ajei Gopal: So, Jay thank you for the questions. So, if I just focus on the second one for a moment and talk about the channel, you're absolutely right. The channel has grown consistently with the direct business. And as you would imagine, the channel partners, the channel partners tend to – given our go-to-market, some of them tend to be more transactional in nature. It’s smaller deals in nature. Some of them, of course, have very strategic relationships with their customers. It really depends on the channel partners. And as Rick may have mentioned again and during our Investor Day when we were talking about our go-to-market strategy, we continue to invest in the channel partners and we have continued to increase the number of channel partners as well as for the channel partners are seeing significant opportunity. So, they themselves are increasing the number of people within the individual partners of selling our technology. So, there’s more feet on the street in the aggregate from the channel partners selling our technology which typically ends up at a – at sort of these lower transaction levels up. Furthermore, as you know, our go to market is differentiated. And so – so, we have – we have a – an opportunity to yet address the enterprise accounts. But with our momentum motion and our inside sales activity, we can address more of this volume business more of the transactional business. And so, we have – our go-to-market and one of the hallmarks of the state of the business is the fact that we have this pretty sophisticated and well-developed go-to-market that allows us to address needs of the largest customers as well as the more transactional business that we've discussed. And they're both very important to us, and we continue to make sure that we're successful across both of those motions which you saw this year and I made clear in my commentary. With respect to your first question regarding the products, certainly some of the newer products that we have in the marketplace and perhaps some of the acquisitions, you're absolutely correct. Our strategy as I've described is to make simulation pervasive which means we want to make simulation capabilities. We want to inject them into multiple ecosystems into multiple use cases. If you look at some of the work we've done with our platform and in particular with Minerva that allows us to take the ANSYS simulation capabilities and to inject it into other phases of the product lifecycle, and to be – and to drive the broader use simulation and certainly our acquisition of Dynardo fits right into that. So, that gives us access to more customers, helps us solve more problems. And some of the acquisitions that we've done, you mentioned Granta, I think material is a very important aspect of the end-to-end product equation. In many ways, material is a lifecycle unto itself. It's very closely related. It's almost a platform unto itself so it's very closely related to a Minerva activity. But materials gives customers a real understanding of where the true costs are and what the design implications are, and that exposes us at the different levels in an organization in a customer as well as the different sets of customers. You mentioned LSTC, and I was pretty broad in my comments. I think in my script I went through this in some detail. But the fact is that the LSTC technology because of the nature of the technology and because of our go-to-market, we have not been focusing on the core LSTC use cases that like for example automotive crash testing. And now that LSTCand LS-Dyna is part of the ANSYS portfolio, we have an opportunity to position the breadth and the depth of LSTC across industries – of LS-DYNA across multiple industries and by putting our technologies together we think we can solve – we can help our customers really solve the most amazing problem and do so very efficiently. So we're excited about those acquisitions. They all fit with our strategy of pervasive stimulation. They fit with our go-to market and our go-to market supports the acquisitions and then their relationships that these customers have with their own channel partners with their own customers further supports our go-to market. So it's a mutually reinforcing outcome that we are excited about.
Ajei Gopal: So, thanks for the question. To make sure that you understand the context, our focus, as I said, from a go-to-market perspective was not really on the automotive – on the automotive customers or the automotive crash testing. A lot of that activity was effectively taken by DYNA through some of their other channel partners. And we had (inaudible) throughout the channel partners. It wasn't really a focus of ANSYS. So that wasn't our primary business. And so, in those areas, as you could imagine, because we were – we would partner where we would work with the customer. They would take advantage of the technology – of LSTC’s technology, DYNA, perhaps, working with another channel partner and that's how we would kind of our customer. The automotive crash test use case wasn't really something that we were majoring in, but that wasn't our focus and that wasn't where the ANSYS LSTC business was. And that obviously is an area of tremendous strength for them. And they come with not only amazing technology, but they also come with great relationships and customer relationships in that space.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks again for the question. We can – I can address it from the perspective of what we see in the marketplace. And perhaps, I can set the context, as I talked about some of the conversations that we are having, that I personally have had, and certainly our sales people are having with our customers in the automotive space. When you consider the aggregate of what the automotive customers are dealing with, with electrification – and, by the way, electrification is not uniquely something that's being driven by the automotive companies in and of themselves. There's also government regulations and other activities that are driving their desire to meet certain deadlines, and dates, and so forth. But if you consider electrification, you consider the opportunity with autonomy. As just two examples, there is a profound change taking place, and there is a significant level of investment that we are seeing and interest that we're seeing in making sure that they can address these upcoming needs or these upcoming demands for the portfolio. In many cases, a – an activity, a focus on electrification might – isn't just about the battery. It's a much – it's about a broader outcome. Because building an electric car requires different points of optimization than building an internal combustion engine car. The transmit – everything is different or many things are different. And so, there – and that opens up incremental opportunities for us. So, from our perspective, the fact that we've identified electrification autonomy, and we have compelling solutions in those areas in addition to the rest of our multi-physics solution, we believe, positions us very well. Those are growth areas. People are spending R&D dollars in those areas to be competitive in the future. And we have technologies and solutions that addresses those customers. And so, when I talk to automotive customers, the conversation often starts with electrification or autonomy. We may eventually get into other conversations of traditional – that we've traditionally had with them about structural integrity or air flow and combustion in other areas. But, certainly, we start with those areas. And those can – we see those as continued areas of interest for the automotive companies.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks for the question, Rob. So, again, I hate to go back to the Investor Day but we had a pretty robust discussion about Discovery Live at Investor Day that was about a month ago, a month and a half ago. So, the dynamic remain – remains the same with we’re tremendously excited about the technology. Our customers are excited about the technology. We've got – we've got initial penetration into the enterprise accounts and something like I think 20% of our enterprise accounts in terms of that initial penetration and we continue to develop against an extremely aggressive roadmap. And where – the technology is moving in the right direction. We're excited about adoption. It's just very early in the cycle of the product. It's a brand new product. It's creating a category in a marketplace that historically relatively conservative in terms of adoption of new technology. So, as we've said repeatedly, it will take time for this product to develop. But all indications so far are positive and we are excited about where we are in the marketplace with this essentially breakthrough technology.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks, again, for the question. Yeah. So we have – our technology is able to work across the different providers and we're not tied to any individual cloud provider. That being said the answer is cloud itself is running on Azure, but we have the capability to run on any type of provider.
Ajei Gopal: Well, I mean, I think that firstly, I think it’s tremendous technology and capabilities from what we understand. Obviously, we're not in that space and we're not in that market so I can't really – I don't really have – we don't have a formulator opinion per se on the technology. But from everything that we've seen it's amazing technology. It's a great – it's a great product. And it's certainly as PTC absorbs as I think they just closed the acquisition a few days ago. As they absorb this we'll continue to have discussions and conversations with PTC about our relationship and how our relationship broadens to take into account whatever changes they may have made to the portfolio. But that being said, PTC has an aggressive roadmap with respect to Creo Simulation Live. They continue to see traction in the marketplace that we've talked about. And then I talked about that Jim Heppelmann has talked about in his calls. And they have a robust roadmap that includes that includes the next generation of CSL. So, for example, I think in next year or March of 2020, they're going to expand to include CFD use cases from where they currently are. And that obviously expands the applicability of Creo Simulation Live. So we're very excited about the relationship with PTC. We think that they're executing as they need to. And obviously, we'll continue to discuss with them as they start to absorb the terrific Onshape acquisition.
Ajei Gopal: So, yes, we obviously – my comments are based upon our understanding of our pipeline. So it's not – it's not a general comment about macro conditions. It's very specifically about our pipeline. So perhaps our pipelines are different from other vendors’ pipelines and that might account for the differences that you're pointing out. That's point number one. With respect to your second question about is any particular area, again my expectation is that we will see next quarter along the lines of where we've seen in the past in terms of the split across industry verticals. So we're not seeing a particular vertical change dramatically. And it's highly unlikely that these changes are going to happen in a month over month as we look at the end of Q3 to the early part of Q4. As you can imagine, many of these customers who are in our pipeline for Q4 have been in our pipeline for some period of time. These are not new deals that come into the pipeline in Q4 and close in Q4, especially these larger deals. And so, we have pretty good visibility and a finger on the pulse of some of those deals. We're not expecting any profound change in the industry verticals as we look forward to Q4.
Ajei Gopal: Hey, Mark. Thanks so much for the question. So, as I said Dynardo is a process integration and an optimization tool. And their flagship product is something called optiSLang, which is essentially a design optimization solution. And so, the idea is as a designer you can provide – you can try to solve for a multi-objective optimization problem. So you can establish a set of boundary conditions and use cases and you can use Dynardo to drive the simulation to get to an optimal point where you're trying to get to with sensitivity, reliability, design capabilities, and so forth. So you can drive that optimization and you can you can use line to be able to change these simulation flows so you can automate the design space exploration. So effectively, what it's allowing you to do is very rapidly chain together different elements, different simulation elements, solve for a point of optimization that you're trying to get to in an automated way and that allows you to reduce development time and of course it can accelerate product design. So that's the nature of the technology and – engineers will use it to try to rapidly get to a conclusion that they're trying to drive but it drives an enormous amount of simulation, it triggers off an enormous amount of simulation in order to get to that design point.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. And just to amplify what Maria said, I mean with Motor-CAD, that technology helps us in the electrification space. And we talked about electrification as being one of the important growth drivers. And they've developed upfront design capabilities that are in the area of electric machines. And that integrated with our technology will really allow these electric machine designers to rapidly – yeah, to be able to build the – to build electric motors and machines more quickly. So, to give you an example, they can do things like fast thermal analysis from their front-end. So, it's a more -- it's a pretty sophisticated technology. It couples electromagnetic thermal mechanical modeling capabilities. It's really designed for the rapid design and deployment of electric machines across these different operating conditions. And what we can do is dovetail our technology really nicely in -- with what they have. So, our customers can benefit from a more streamlined electric machine workflow.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. So our strategy which is to make simulation pervasive is working as evidenced by another quarter of double-digit revenue and ACV growth combined with best-in-class margins and continued strength across the business. That, coupled with the exciting opportunity to unite the incredible technology, talent, and customer relationships of LSTC and Dynardo with our global distribution platform and resilient business model, gives us confidence for the future. Our continued focus on execution, our investment in the business, and a healthy sales pipeline provide a solid foundation for us to deliver another year of record financial performance. And they set the stage for us to execute against our recently announced 2022 financial targets. I want to thank my ANSYS colleagues from around the world for once again delivering these outstanding results. And with that, I'd like to thank you for listening and please enjoy the rest of your day.
