Maria T. Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks documents have been posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. They contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to our Q4 and fiscal year 2015 financial results and business update, as well as our current Q1 and fiscal year 2016 outlook and the key underlying assumptions. I'd like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance, as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and ANSYS undertakes no obligation to update any such information, unless we do so in a public forum. During the course of this call and in the prepared remarks we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K. With that, Jim, I'll now turn the call back to you.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. And so too – and some this lends itself to the earlier margin question. So as that business that traditionally would have been recorded as perpetual in the current quarter gets recognized ratably over – in the case of the one deal that we mentioned a 2-year period – that no doubt is going to depress the margins, as opposed to how we may have historically recorded it even back in 2009. But as Jim said we're not trying to do anything unnatural to either change the customer preferences or to pull those deals in to make the current quarter appear better than it is. Because obviously that will have long-term impacts on the future cash flows if you will.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. No. Well one thing I will add. It does validate in our minds not only that the strategy that we've laid out for 15 years is the right strategy. And that simulation is in fact becoming a more critical aspect of what, not only Siemens, but other of our competitors are seeing in the marketplace. So as Jim said, this has happened for 20 plus years in our industry. And our job is to continue to invest in R&D and to acquire technologies that continue to differentiate us from the rest of the pack.
Maria T. Shields: Some of it's going to be – we had a very strong – you saw 18% growth in cash flow in Q4. And some of it will depend on the timing of when some of these deals close. So if they close early in the year, you'll see improvement. If they close later, then it may impact flow over into 2017.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So we had provided guidance. And a portion of that deal we had in our forecast. It ended up coming in much bigger than we had forecasted, but that was in the upside. Our – I would say as we went into Q4, our expectations for Asia were much stronger than where we finished. And unfortunately for us Asia still – as Jim highlighted on the call, Asia still has, particularly in the larger economies, preference for paid-ups. So when things don't cross the finish line in December, it disproportionately impacts that top line.
Maria T. Shields: So, Ross, I would say it's based on what we know today, two important things. One is the strength of the pipeline. Two is we are still convinced that the investments that we made in 2015 in ramping up the sales capacity are in a maturation phase. And that they are going to yield increased productivity in 2016. And the strong bookings growth that we just saw in Q4 are three things that give us a lot of confidence. And as Jim has been mentioning, these conversations that we're having with some of our long-standing customers about expanding our presence and our footprint across their enterprise give us a lot of conviction about the long term opportunities that we have with those customers to migrate well beyond the current installed base that we have in those customers.
Maria T. Shields: So, Steve, if I can add to that. If this will help you in building your model, our 2016 model for ourselves, trying to factor in all of these pieces, some of which we don't have certainty or precision around, because these deals are kind of – each one is customer dependent. We're looking at 58% in the software license line and 42% of revenue in the maintenance and service line. And I will also add one thing. I tried to make this in my comments, but our cloud initiation is still in its very early stages. So there is not material revenue in either 2015 or 2016 that is specific to cloud.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. Jay, what I'll also say is as the result of some of these things, we're not planning to do a significant shift between the relationship between the perpetual and lease pricing. But we're trying to harmonize it across the broad portfolio. So there's more consistency across that portfolio and across some of these new offerings.
James E. Cashman III: Actually could you clarify? I didn't know if you were asking – I thought you started off asking about the product portfolio. And then you – and then I thought you might be talking about industry. So could I – I mean I want to make sure I answer the right...
James E. Cashman III: Well it – yeah. It tends to comp around the major – the emphasis points. So for instance in the semiconductor area, we're more likely to see that for instance in the more electronic-oriented and semiconductor-oriented products that we have along those lines, with more minimal impact if you will on the major elements of the structural and fluids business. Now when you move into the industrial and energy – and some of this also gets into what's happened with the general approach of the mining and commodity based markets and what – and how that ripples through the off-highway kind of market. And basically you can pick up a paper any day and see by major customer names – or major company names that that plays through. Now those tend to be slightly more – actually more pronounced on the structural and the fluids part. I mean just lumping these into broader classifications.
James E. Cashman III: Well l think the important thing to mention is the first part, is that when we look at other downturns and similar recent downturns is, we were by far, far more resilient than most companies in our space or in the market generally. And as such we actually even still grew in revenue, albeit at a much lower rate at those times. However, we never at that time guided to higher margins. It's just that because we weathered that storm better based on our overall business model, the higher amounts of revenue that did come through that we were still able to take into account had the elevating aspect of margins. But we were – and at that time we were talking about holding the high margins. And they actually elevated into that point. And I'd say that that's probably going to be a hallmark of most kind of economic downturn or softening cycles, where our recurring base and the solid customer base we have provides that good ongoing baseline of revenue. But I think that the things that we've done from the product standpoint and the preparatory standpoint in our go-to-market model is that that allows to – basically allows us to harvest any of the upside when it occurs. The other thing is that again we can't – we really can't emphasize as much, because we have been talking about this the last couple calls, is the concept of as customers are starting to get into the very first entries of the cloud based – and all those people are starting to shift. But we've been talking a lot about the time-based license. We saw how our time-based licenses actually grew at a higher rate, but – and that's good for the long-term deferred balance. But it has a dampening effect of course on the short-term thing. So it's more of an appearance kind of thing. And the overall movement of enterprise license agreements also tends to add that volatility. The other thing is with enterprise license agreements, we also get the situation where, because they cover a broader range of products, even if we have a small percentage that are related to products that don't have VSOE very often, we have to put the entire order into a time deferred kind of basis. And that's what happened. I mean I even signaled – I even talked about the one – just taking one order and that was a $6 million order that had to be time deferred. I mean you can pretty much do the math yourself and determine how that can help drive the long term and show strong bookings growth, while it has that temporary dampening effect in the short term. So I guess the bottom line is we're not guiding toward those things. But if the same things happen as before, and we are – we have the continued strength, relative strength in the top line, because we're gearing around that other assumption, that naturally filters down to the bottom line disproportionately.
James E. Cashman III: Well, no, no, no. I mean not really. I mean you've got good technology and good companies that abound in general. Basically for the last 10 years, 15 years CAD companies have bought simulation companies. And in general I mean it's tended to be neutral to a net plus for ANSYS, because in general we're agnostic when it comes to those overall CAD environments, which come – which tend to come and go. So it's just one of the natural – just kind of like the natural flow of life in this industry. And if you roll the calendar back 15 years, you'll find many times that these things came in place. So it's just part of life but nothing unnatural. And really nothing unexpected. You have...
James E. Cashman III: Well the bottom – the first and foremost is the macro. But second of all I think the – some assumption of the buying preferences that we talked about. Again good long term and over the short term. So bottom line is the good relationship is – or the good thing is we've got a really strong relationship with our customers. And if you recall we actually were pretty good at – in the anticipation in the downturn a few years ago in the 2009, 2010 timeframe. And that came because of some relationship with the customer. But I mean, geez, even on the ride in today, picking up some of the latest forecast from Citigroup. And that was kind of echoing – that was just putting frosting on the cake of some of the things that we're already seeing. But then you see that. And then how does that ripple through? First of all, customers are – they're going through purchases a lot more carefully and judiciously. Second of all, when they buy things they might be tending to buy maybe even the same amount of licenses. But now it's being spread over. So we get that, the multiple impact of what we saw for instance with the – just that one illustrative order I talked about was the $6 million one, which is core to be (29:05) – I mean you can do the math on that one. What does $6 million in a quarter mean, versus spreading it over 22, 24 different pay periods? So it's really taking into account all of those factors and trying to give a real accurate picture of everything we're seeing. I mean in terms of the long term prospects, man, no, there's nothing changing there. I mean there are the things that we have to navigate, but everybody is going to have to navigate those type of things.
James E. Cashman III: Well I'll tell you. First of all, it's playing out very well. And second of all, I'll tell you we're learning. I mean because – and I'm just trying to be totally open with you on this. Is that first of all, I think we mentioned the very first one at the tail end of Q4 of like – of 2014, which by the way was part of the reason for that really tough comparable we were talking about. We projected a handful, mid-single digits of those going on in 2015. And that absolutely occurred. Now we're seeing a significant increase going into double digits, numbers of those going on. But as I mentioned we're learning on these things too. So as you get to that broader base of customers, that's where we're finding out the things about – for deals of these size in this changing environment, what does that mean in terms of duration of contracts, multi-year contracts, augmentation with our cloud-type capabilities, broadening of the product line, all of those things. And keep in mind this is happening at the same time as all the economic reports are coming out and saying, hey, there's some increased volatility here. So customers are making bigger, new relationship decisions with us at the same time the environmental factors are causing a little bit more cautious. So that's what I meant by the learning process. And what that means in terms of how we structure these, because each time you to open up to a broader range of customers with these type of deals that really were unheard of before over the past time, it gets into a much broader range of contracting, delivery, additional things added on, and additional ways that we deliver that. So we're continuing to moderate that as we go forward. And then as we also mentioned we wanted to come out the gates expecting this. So now we're getting to the point where we're now being able to take this into a slightly broader range of our sales and go-to-market. Like I said we weren't just opening this up to everybody all at once and having chaos while we were learning. But we have some of those best practices already coming in play. So this is something that we see as going to be a continuing trend. And it's super good for the long term and building solid relationships with customers. But it's one of those things that – most things that are really good, they don't happen with a snap of a finger. They build over time. And we want to make sure that they build in the right manner.
James E. Cashman III: Yes. And, Steve, as I mentioned before we could have – I mean we could have gone in and tried to take all that extra business that came in, which was significant, and say, oh my gosh, we had – and it wouldn't have been – it really wouldn't have meant anything long term to the customer, other than some frustration. And we'd still have the same good pace of business going forward – and going forward. So again keeping with Maria's earlier comment, we just want to make sure that right now we create as few obstacles to the customers' financial procurement of the capabilities as possible. And knowing that it's – at the end of the day the real name for us is getting more people using more software. That really flattens it out over time. Because as they start to use it, they usually don't start to unuse it or stop using it. So it almost – it's always the platform that builds on, which again you've seen over the years and the building deferred and recurring base that we have going forward. So that's a constant (34:44). And also we didn't want to get into a situation of having to give up things for – if you will for just creating some smoke and mirrors.
James E. Cashman III: But keep in mind there through our entire history, there have been – those things always tended to happen at a lower level. And there were some gives and there were some takes. There were some plusses and minuses. So we were – we just focused on this one illustrative one, because it is very significant. There were others that were in there, but I'm sure there were also others that might have gone the other direction. But the net trend overall was kind of – is pretty undeniable when you look at the relative growth in the leased space and along those lines. And then all I can add is anecdotally I know of at least two or three other customers as we go forward that traditionally were that. And they're looking more at going into the time base, as they go through whatever financial decisions are on their plate.
James E. Cashman III: And the only thing I'd add – I mean again the – I absolutely agree with those points. But the general pipelines are increasing, but also the targeted number of – as we move into that ramping up, which we're trying to manage the growth of, the ELA increase, those tend to be major ones. And of course then we have to factor in the timing and the closing of those things. So you've got some very strong rifle shot anecdote information from the ELAs. You've got the general broad based from the amalgamation of the pipelines. And then you've got the intuitive aspect of that sales team that we were building up through the course of 2015 that we admittedly said it takes 1 to 2 years to get to a full – well not a full, but I mean a really strong maturation of that thing. And then you counter all of that against the macro backdrop, which also is factored into the pipeline and forecasts. And that's what it nets out. But if you look at the growth of that and the general path of bookings outpacing revenue for the quarter and the year, and doing it significantly in the latter part of the year, I mean those are all the factors that basically that went into our calculations.
James E. Cashman III: The bottom line is we're at the very early stages of this transition. So yeah. I could say with a pretty good certainty it's going up. Now how much? Those are things that we're really trying to, as we proliferate this through the broader customer base. So in other words we don't have – right now we've got maybe 5, 10, 15 of these. And they're big. And they can perturb the model by a couple of percentage points. Necessarily saying that this automatically ripples to a user base of tens of thousands of customers, and to what degree and how quickly, we're not at that predictive point in terms of being able to go. However, we are – as we've mentioned before we are starting to construct some of these models as the ELA concept becomes a little bit more mature with that. As the cloud offering itself gets a little bit more mature. And as some of these buying preferences change. But there are a lot of moving pieces. And we've tried to consolidate all of those into what I think shows a pretty good stable long-term picture. But it does provide a little bit more variability over that crossover period.
James E. Cashman III: So if you – I mean if you look at it, no. That's a sheer thing in numbers. And I think you can see that when you roll that out and project that over an entire year and see that North America...
James E. Cashman III: ...was still in that 10%, 11% range. So what you had is – I mean there were a number of factors. But if you look at three major ones. First of all, in the comparable that the huge North American-centric deal with Cummins that was mentioned in part of that – the comparable. Now Q3 you've got – we talked about another one. That was actually something that shifted forward. And so originally it was thought of in the Q4 thing. And that wound up in Q3. And then in Q4 we had the one deal where a large chunk of perpetual revenue drifted out. All of those things were factors in the – in that 5% for North America. But again projecting it over an entire year is probably the best way to look at it as an overall trend rate. And by the way we saw the same picture, albeit in the other major markets, which were like if you will that first wave of our go-to-market with Japan and Germany. It's just that we didn't have those big perturbations based on the huge orders. Does that...
James E. Cashman III: Yeah. Well the bottom line is, yeah, we've been doing it. As we typically do, we do these things in waves. So the very first one was actually, first of all, simplifying each product set if you will, so the mechanical, the fluids, the electronics, bringing those into overall simplicity. Because we had – over the years we had had multiple tiers of that. Secondarily, as we then look to rationalize some of the add-on technologies if you will, the tech tuck-in acquisitions that we've been doing, as opposed to having a number of those. So those tend to get incorporated into each of their parent orbitals if you will. Then the second part of that is, okay now combining those into – now we've always had a multi-physics package. But combining those into packages. But we've even gone one step further for markets when they proved to have a certain amount of centroid of effort. So I will talk of one in specific, where you take the overall drive in everything from electronics, semiconductor, to Internet of Things. And the whole concept of chip package system type of simulation. Where you – traditionally there were individual tools applied by different groups and those kind of things. But bringing those together. And then also combining not only the pure electronic side of those. But all of the – if you will the structural, the thermal, the cooling and flow, all of those types of capabilities. Because one thing that there's – that's really a hot thing right now is that as people started to instrument things for the Internet of Things, it's not just one thing to have electronics that work and send the signals and do the readings and everything. It's important that the electronics survive the same kind of harsh and hostile environments that the products that they're mounted on are able to do. So those are probably about four very significant things. But just suffice it to say the simple answer is yes. That is a general trending. Because if anything we probably have a potentially broader issue, given the fact that we've got by far the broadest product offering. And trying to simplify that overall is a really, really key aspect for us.
James E. Cashman III: Yeah. Oh yeah. We're absolutely getting that. We're seeing that even heading into 2016. There are – and not surprisingly it's happened in some of the major geographies, most notably Japan and North America. But we are seeing those things. Now one thing I would say is that I'd say in general, in aggregate, the trends are toward longer term. But parsing down what part of that is by individual customer versus what's being influenced by the increasing number of ELAs that are inherently multi-year, I don't have a precise answer on that. And for the companies that are basically going from perpetual to lease, no matter what timeframe they elect for on that, it's not like we're comparing somebody that used to do a 12-month lease now going to a 24- or 36-month lease. Someone who used to do perpetual going to any kind of lease, which in and of itself is a fairly significant kind of question. But I'd say in general if you look at it right now, sweet spot is typically about 2 to 3 years. I'd say – yeah. And in general sometimes people will even try to look at both of your things, even though the financial commitment will stretch out into years four and five, albeit – and when that happens we don't count that, because that's really not a contractual order at that point in time. Did I cover every – did we cover each point of your...
James E. Cashman III: Yeah. Yeah. I was actually – I've been in the U.K. twice the last 3 months as a matter of fact. And actually France only once. But those obviously – mathematically you can see that those are a little bit tougher areas. You look at – I'd say that in particular, part of our U.K. business is seeing some of the stuff. Even though our North American business was strong, because it's a broad base of things, we mentioned before the Texas area and the impact of the – of oil and energy, had an impact there. Not an inconsequential part of our U.K. business of course is North Sea and that type of thing. So there's an element of that. So that was felt along those lines. France had some difficulties. Oddly enough they're smaller parts of the business, but yet some of our – a couple of our Mediterranean areas actually did pretty nice performance. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag. But holistically it's been a little bit more sedate. It's just that – when you get – basically what it gets down to more is not necessarily country by country, but where you've got the major multinational companies that are competing on the global stage. They're competing globally. They're not competing just in Europe. And there just tends to be a higher clump of those in the markets like Germany. That's really more of what we're seeing, as opposed to what's the GNP of any individual country.
James E. Cashman III: Well I think the main thing – I think the key thing is – and first of all I'll just say that every release that we've had the last 10 years has been sequentially significantly better than the previous one. And I'd be really disappointed if when [version] 18 comes out that we're not saying exactly the same thing. But really to highlight it, we've talked about a couple of things, is really it looks in terms of how can you actually compress the cycles that people can meaningfully go through a range of these different evaluations? Because we really want people early on being able – the earlier simulation is applied, the earlier you can avoid downstream problems, the more robust you can make things, the more alternatives you can look at to really drive innovation. That's really the key of it. But what was the problem? Two main things. First of all, the performance and throughput. And second of all, ease of use. Now it's not like you attack ease of use, and you throw the switch one day, and automatically it's there. I mean just look at what happened with the home PC from 1985 all the way to even the current time with tablets. There was ease of use progression through each stage of that. But – and each one created additional business. But it took a number of applications of that to make that go. So we've actually done that. If you look at really the – some of the main messages are if you will, reducing by significant amounts the amount of time it takes to actually get a model. Really at the end of the day we'd love to have somebody just not even worrying. They're just really trying to simulate their product, seeing what's there. And not get caught up in all the nuances of all the modeling aspect or have to spend a lot of time doing that. And that's one area where we've done quite a bit. Secondarily is we look in terms of how long does it take? I mean it used to take – sometimes these things would crank for days in terms of getting results. But with high performance computing and actually some really, really significant things we've done in terms of high performance computing and performance overall, being able to take things that might have cranked for a day, and now allow somebody to get things in a matter of minutes. Well if you do that – it's not like I do a run, I go home at night, let it crank, come back the next morning and each cycle takes a day. If you're taking like 10 minutes or something like that, you can actually go through a number of progressive things. Likewise I'd say that – on one of the earlier questions, we talked about what we were doing in terms of actually continuing to drive multi-physics. I mentioned the chip packet system. Well it used to be that a lot of these things were done sequentially by different groups using different mathematics. It had to be massaged and go together. And sometimes the workflow is just making it to the point where you don't have to have the equivalent of 30 adapter cables when you're hooking up some kind of an electronics system and being able to go – you'll go through all of those things. So that's – if you look at, that's really been some of the major portion of that going forward. So again performance, ease of use, and actually getting these work flows compressed. But even once you do that, as soon as you say well I've got multiple groups working together, now you have to also contend with the fact of, hey, there's organizational resistance to change. And there's also some things that companies have to do to get repeatable processes in and of their own capabilities. And that's one reason why I'd say the final thing has been related to – we've talked about the – basically the customization tool kits that we had invoked in there. And we've been able to proliferate those across a lot broader range of products, which allow individual companies to take pretty strong generic software and now tailor it to something that they can create as repeatable processes. Those are probably the major things that I think are particularly significant. But on top of it I mean there's – in every one of our individual products, there's been a number of individual things. We'll get into it a little bit at Investor Day coming up. And there's some pretty good information on the website along with some – actually some customer testimonials, because when they actually come through and see – say they saw these measurement things, it probably means a lot more than our – what our technologists or media or anybody inside ANSYS is talking about. That's really where the proof points are.
James E. Cashman III: Oh okay. So well thanks, everybody, for the questions. And to recap basically, I'd say first, continued good diversified financial performance of most the major parameters of the business, even in light of the current environment and hazy build visibility. Secondly, sustained customer interest that is marked by activity on a broad front. And I think that's evidenced – I mean we talked about it on some of the questions here with the industries, geographies. And I'd also mention the commitment levels and renewal rates, even while customers are going through a lot of additional discretion in terms of what they're doing. Obviously the last question we talked about, the rapidly expanding product portfolio that we continue to augment with a range of partnerships and relationships. Not only on the technology side, but also in distribution and customers. And I'd say maybe most importantly is over the long term, we've demonstrated an ability to grow the revenue in line with our range of guidance. And we still maintain the solid margins and delivered earnings growth in a range of economic situations. So a testament to the business model. So basically the long-term outlook stays bullish. And basically to map this out it means first, the long-term premise and opportunity are still there. And we still have the best technology and the team to meet those. Secondly, even at the floor of our assumptions, we continue to have solid business with good returning revenues, marquee customer relationships, and all of these combine for good earnings and cash flow. So we'll be focusing on maintaining strong operating margins in the upper 40s%, while continuing to build our annuity base of recurring revenues, and expanding at the maximum rate allowed by the macro market conditions. And then lastly, we – as Maria mentioned, we have a very strong balance sheet. It affords us a maximum flexibility should opportunities present themselves or should the macro economy even deteriorate further than some people are projecting. So we've seen over the years that the continued revenue performance creates upside margins. But that the revenue performance – and again it's only sustainable with continued product and business investments. So we remain committed to that. So in close, the emphasis is going to be a continued focus on execution, continued technological leadership, and basically supported by our 45 plus years of history. The customer acceptance of the existing vision is – and unique value proposition, the expansion of our product portfolio and through ANSYS 17, it really only bolsters our long-term enthusiasm. So I'd like to say thanks to our customers. I'd like to say thanks to my ANSYS colleagues and our long-standing partners. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. And we'll be talking to you again in a few months.
