Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean what I would say generally is the dynamics that we see are really across all three dimensions of the growth drivers that we see, right? So the example that we highlighted in our remarks was an example of a customer who already use broad sets of capabilities, added a couple of additional capabilities, but really was demand was supply constrained in terms of their - the licenses that they had to be able to accommodate the breadth of the users that we're propagating it. These - in the aerospace and defense space, in particular, these are very complex multiphysics problems, which drive really significant amount of computation, right? And so the license constraint that customers face that is driving growth also has that third dimension of our growth model around needing to have additional capacity to accommodate the computational complexity of all the things they have. So I think the aerospace and defense industry given kind of the tipping points and at the beginning of some of the transformations that it's going through is very emblematic of what an industry can an industry experiences in their evolution of ANSYS software because it comes from those adding more products to solve the solution, driving more usage across the development life cycle and then the problems themselves are very complicated. I don't know, Ajei, if you'd have anything to add.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So yes, as we had mentioned in our prepared remarks, we've seen pretty sustained performance in the SMB sector throughout the first half. And when you look - and when you look at the total first half performance, we've seen broad-based growth across industries, geographies and customer segments entirely. So when you look at where we're sitting year-to-date and where we're looking on a go-forward basis, it is that underlying broad-based strength that has persisted in the first half that we're expecting to see in the second half, because we haven't seen any changes in that profile overall. So that's kind of how we're thinking about the underlying momentum in our business and what's driving it. As it relates to the ANSYS start-up program. We've helped more than 1,900 start-ups from over 58 countries. We've graduated more than 415 start-ups to commercial relationships once they're commercially viable. I mean these are - this is a really I think, successful program to be at the forefront of simulation first R&D thinking. And we're really, really proud of the teams that have kind of worked closely with these start-ups to be able to help them - to help get their processes aligned to that simulation first model. So - we're really happy with the progress of the program. It drives a lot of momentum. Again, it's not a program that drives massive amounts of near-term ACV, but it is an indication of where our thought leadership is and where our influence is in kind of being forward thinking about how the future of R&D can look.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean what I would say is, just as a reminder, where we - where our business is placed is really in the R&D space, right? So the question you're answering about kind of decoupling and moving is a complex answer, because the - it's a complex question to answer, because it really relies upon an understanding of what is the nature of what actually happens in that decoupling. If it's lift and shift of manufacturing than it isn't as exposed to the R&D cycle as fundamentally changing the way R&D works or changing the innovation model or the way the process of R&D works which would be more amenable to where the role of simulation plays, because we…
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So that - I mean, so that's the - yes, so what I would say is that it is too early to tell, because the R&D is - the decoupling is really a mixed dynamic around shifting manufacturing and where customers are still in the early process of thinking about what that looks like and what it changes, right? So, I would say that there isn't anything definitive to point to at this moment, but that is the framework for how I would think about, where it would impact our business and where it wouldn't impact our business.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So first, I'll start off by saying that the overall dynamics in the quarter that we saw from a geography mix standpoint, from a deal mix standpoint, are very much in line with what we expected when we initiated guidance. So, there's nothing that was surprising or that changed in the quarter that is different from the outcome. And when you look at Americas overall, Americas has led the company in creating value for customers, and we continue to expect it to be - it's our largest region. We continue to expect it to be a strong performer and revenue growth in the quarter was 12% in constant currency. We highlighted in the prepared remarks, some emblematic large deals that we had in the quarter. So, the quarterly dynamics around what we delivered in Americas was in line with the expectations we had. And then in the geographic mix overall, we're really pleased with the performance that we saw in Asia Pacific and EMEA as well, as we pointed out in our prepared remarks. And we had pretty diversified industry dynamics and growth in APAC as an example, aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial equipment performed really well. When you look at EMEA, we had similar kind of broad industry growth, automotive and ground transportation, A&D and industrial equipment were all strong. Materials and Chemicals were also particularly strong. So we saw a quarter in Q2 very much in the way in which we envisioned it would play out. And it actually ended up being a little bit better which allowed us to beat the midpoint of our guidance in the quarter. And the dynamics in the building pipeline that we've seen across the globe, across industries, geographies, customer segments is what gave us the confidence to raise the full year ACV by 0.5 point, which is in excess of the beat that we had in Q2.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And as Ajei said, I mean this was - this is an amazing technology, great IP really talented team, it was not in an advanced commercial phase. So there's no material impact from this particular acquisition in the quarter or in the second half outlook.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, sure. So as I've noted in the past, we haven't had a quarter that has this much disconnection in a couple of quarters in quite a while. But sometimes you have a quarter where you can have a meaningful disconnect between the P&L and ACV. So again, if you look at the underlying ACV growth in the quarter and in the half, it is accelerating both from the first half and throughout Q3 and Q4. And so the overall dynamics around ECB, which is the basis of cash generation are very consistent. Now in the quarter, the mix of license types which generate upfront recognition within the Q3 outlook, is relatively lower in 2022 versus 2023. So that's what's creating the year-over-year headwind in the quarter and that's what's causing the disconnect between the P&L in the quarter from the strong and accelerating third quarter and second half ACV outlook. Now when you look that year-over-year revenue and the resulting P&L in the third quarter, as we said, it's not a reflection of momentum or any change in the business. And when you - if you consider the full year guidance and the Q3 guidance, and you can evaluate the implied Q4 revenue growth, you can see that, that outlook returns to strong double-digit growth. And so that's the reason why we've - our full year ACV guidance is really the best metric to observe momentum in our business. And that's where we've seen kind of the continued progress and momentum. The increased just under 1.5 points since February of our outlook in ACV with - when you add this additional half point that we gave. So that's the underlying dynamic that's driving the disconnect between the quarter and the - I'm sorry, the quarter and the full year.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So there's really nothing operational because the pipeline is the pipeline and the mix of kind of license types that renew are those that were new. So there's nothing really operational. But on occasion, you can get the comparison of a high mix of upfront of license types that have upfront recognition like perpetual licenses or multiyear leases compared to a different period where you have a relatively different mix, a higher mix of one-year leases as an example, right? So you can have a different mix in a comparative period, which drives anomalies in growth rates but it doesn't fundamentally change the overall dynamics in the business. In fact, if you look at the overall SKU of the business and the implied SKU of what we're delivering kind of implied in the guidance in the second half of the year, it is very consistent with what has been done in prior quarters. It's just that the revenue recognition rules can tend to have some really odd comparative dynamics when you have the comparative of license types mix in one period versus the comparison in another period. And so that's a dynamic that is sometimes challenging. It hasn't happened in a couple of quarters, but every once in a while, you have a quarter where you have just a very different dynamic on a quarter-to-quarter - year-over-year basis within a quarter.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, Jay. So it's a really interesting point when you consider the dynamics of every individual market, they go through different drivers that are changing the way people are thinking or changing the level of innovation that's taking place in specific markets. And of course, when we talk about markets, we're talking about end markets. And so if you consider any end customer, they're relying on a supply chain of components some of which would be considered to be from that same end market and some of which will be produced, for example, semiconductors would come from the high-tech vertical. We may be selling to a customer in the supply chain, but they're providing semiconductors that ultimately might get used in the - in building an airplane, for example. So it crosses industry verticals. But that being said, that's how we categorize the end markets. Look, aerospace is going through a really interesting transition, as I mentioned. That's one of the reasons I highlighted on the call. It's not just fuels, as I discussed, there is a whole discussion taking place in the industry about different kinds of takeoff modalities is vertical takeoff, is it short takeoff, is it traditional electric motors versus more traditional prunes of propulsion. There's a number of different vectors where there are conversations taking place. I mentioned the Paris Air Show at the - in my script, I was actually at that air show, and I had an opportunity to meet with some of our very large customers. As you point out, we have some very large aerospace companies who are customers of ours. But it was really interesting walking around the show floor. They were thousands of people representing small companies, booths all over the place where these are small companies that are part of this supply chain dealing with this changing landscape that the aerospace industry is dealing with right now. And there's a dizzying number of designs of aircraft and there are smaller companies out there pursuing their dreams and pursuing their opportunity. And every single one of those companies is designing technology, building technology which makes them either potential customers of ANSYS or perhaps already customers of ANSYS. So it's a really vibrant area. Every one of these verticals goes through its ups and it goes through its drivers but we're very excited about the aerospace market. We have some great technologies and capabilities from a more traditional physics, things like mission engineering, there's lots of different interesting technologies that we can bring to bear to support the transformation of these aerospace companies or to help them achieve what they're trying to do in this rapidly changing market.
Ajei Gopal: Well, look, there's obviously a lot of discussion about AI and Joe asked the question earlier. As I've said multiple times, this is an area we've been investing in. We have product activity. We have customer activity. And obviously, there are use cases that we're driving that are perhaps made more interesting through the use of AI. And I talked about the use of multivariate optimization, for example, and how AI technique can improve that for the perspective of being able to get to optimize and iterate to be able to get to the design. But I think I'll take a slightly different angle here to respond to your question as well. And let's talk a little bit about the end markets. And so, when you think about sort of the design activity, clearly, we see, and as I've articulated, we see AI, we see the use of AI, helping us run our own company. That's obviously something that we will do as every other company will do. So that's no different from every other company. The second is, and I've talked at length about this, is the use of AI to improve our products, making simulation easier to use, making simulation faster, the user experience. I'm not going to go into that. The third is really how do, we see the end markets being affected potentially by AI. And if you look at it from that perspective, if you - the high-tech and semiconductor industry is clearly being affected most - sort of at the most leading edge. And so we have customers - we have customers like NVIDIA, for example, they're taking advantage of our technologies to be able to pursue the physical design limits to be able to manage risk as they start to use Red Hawk Raptor, all of our products to improve their design. You look at Cerebras, for example, they're using Red Hawk-SC for their wafer-scale engine, which is really focused on the AI market and they're helping. And we're helping them with challenges of mixed signal power integrity with electrostatic discharge and things of that nature. So those are just a couple of examples of customers in the high-tech market, but clearly, that's the leading edge in terms of how this is being - this is being rolled out, if you will, in customers. When you think about some of the other heavier industries, it's important to recognize that these industries have a longer design cycle than the high-tech market. So when you think about aerospace, and we've just talked about aerospace or you think about automotive, they have development cycles that are longer than the traditional high tech cycle. And so, as they start to incorporate more AI techniques into their products, it starts to change. It will have an impact, but the impact is a little bit further out as we see it. Now from our perspective, the use of AI. The reason we're talking about this is that as customers start to take more use of AI to help drive, for example, design iterations, we feel that, that drives greater use of simulation, because as you start to use AI technique, for example, to explore different design options that drives more simulation, because simulation is validating whether those designs make sense or not. It's sort of the - question about generative design that we've had for some time. And so, that translates into additional simulation intensity, which benefits ANSYS. So as we start to look at some of these markets, the end markets, they will develop at different rates and paces. But net-net, as these markets develop, it continues to be a long-term tailwind for ANSYS as they - as customers are driving more design options and exploring more design spaces as AI techniques give them that capability.
Ajei Gopal: I was just going to say there were a couple of companies that you may know that have graduated from the program that have done very well Relativity is an example Climb works is another example. So we've had a number of customers have taken advantage of this in their early stages have gone on to see tremendous success.
Ajei Gopal: So, there are a couple of areas that I think are important to consider. One is when you consider some of these high-performance chips that are being built, there's - there are - and you look at sort of advanced designs. One is being able to get certified for the most of being able to support the most advanced process node capability as we can, that's certainly very important. And the amount of simulation that's necessary given the cost of failure, if you will, of a failed tape-out, amount of simulation that's necessary is quite significant. And so for the sign off at these advanced process nodes, you clearly need a lot of simulation. And so that's obviously a tailwind for us, because the AI workloads are creating these very complex chip sets. The second thing is that as you start to think about a next-generation silicon design technology, you're starting to look at 3D ICs or stack chiplets. And then that really changes the kind of technologies that are necessary to support that are different from traditional -- from the more traditional SoC kind of designs that people have worked with. There are two sort of primary ways of thinking about those challenges. One is that you're dealing with multiscale challenges because now you're dealing as a semiconductor designer, you're now dealing with chip design, which is at the nanometer scale, you're dealing with things like package design at the millimeter scale and then PCP design at the centimeter scale. And the fact that you are dealing with these multiple different levels of scale introduces a lot of challenges and the physics challenges can change as you scale. So for example, thermal effects, which can smooth out the temperature on very small chip geometry scales, but large temperature differences can appear when you're dealing with sizable multi-die modules. And so, that's really one challenge of scale. The second challenge is of multiphysics and in that case, you're dealing not just, because you're dealing with this novel structure, you're not just dealing with the traditional challenges of SoCs, you're dealing also with the fact that you've got interconnections between the different chip labs. So for example, you worry about electromagnetic interference, for example. And so you need to do electromagnetic simulation to prevent that EMI to ensure signal integrity, you've got to be able to handle cooling and warpage reliable soda ball connection. So, there's photonics. So there's a number of different areas where you're bringing in different physics from what you may have traditionally used to build out and SoC or traditional ship. And so, that's another area where we really shine because our technology is about multiphysics. We can help our customers with 3D ICs, deal with these challenges of multiscale and multiphysics and I think that, that puts us in a really good place. So, we're very excited about what we can offer as customers are building some of these next-generation silicon and systems to address the needs of AIML.
Ajei Gopal: So with respect to the question that you asked about how our portfolio fits in, I think you asked on semiconductors. Look, we have historically had one of the areas of sort of golden sign off, if you will, with our ANSYS RedHawk portfolio dealing with things like power integrity and thermal effects and so forth. And that's been an area that we have continued to make investments in, and we are very, very excited about our product capabilities. Like I talked about some of the certifications we have received from the foundries and at the most advanced process nodes. And we're very excited about that. As you look more broadly though, going into the future, I talked at some length about 3D ICs and the use of the multiphysics portfolio. And that's really bringing in different technologies that were historically not being used by people who are designing traditional ICs, and you start to think about thermal effects and others. Depending on the placements of this, I mean, we talked about the automotive segment. If you're putting in chips into cars, you have to now recognize that these chips are not sitting in air-conditioned environments, they are sitting in a car, which could be extremely - could get extremely hot. It can get lots of vibrations. So there's a whole different set of analysis that needs to be done to be able to ensure the reliability of these solutions for these different use cases that are increasingly becoming common. And that leads to the traditional ANSYS portfolio. And so we believe in an open ecosystem, we believe in partnering and certainly, we're excited about our areas of our strength. And obviously, we're in a position to make sure that we work with other vendors to ultimately make sure that our customers are successful.
Ajei Gopal: I'm excited by our excellent execution in the first half of the year, our expanding product leadership and our strong pipeline. Those factors as well as a proven track record of success and our unique value proposition adds to my confidence in our ability to achieve our goals. I want to thank all my colleagues at ANSYS and at our global channel partners for their commitment, focus and their many successes. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
