Peter Arduini: Thanks, Helmut. Before we go to questions, I’d like to reiterate how we’re executing against our long-term growth strategy. Our teams are well positioned to deliver on our 2023 commitments. We’re investing in organic growth as demonstrated by the introduction of over 40 new products at the RSNA event in November. And with workflow solutions enhanced by AI to help healthcare professionals and health systems overcome the top operational challenges they face today, while also improving outcomes for patients. We’re deepening customer engagement across care pathways, including oncology and cardiology, and we’ve announced some exciting new products, collaborations and investments that are changing the way healthcare is delivered. On the M&A front, we recently announced the agreement to acquire IMACTIS, an innovator in CT Interventional guidance. This acquisition, although small, is our first as an independent company and is a great example of the type of transactions that we plan to pursue. They had innovative technology in fast-growing areas that enhances the breadth of capabilities we can deliver for customers. In Imaging, we’re very proud to announce SIGNA Experience, an MR platform that was – comes with an integrated set of solutions, including workflow capabilities, an intuitive user interface and deep learning AI applications such as Air Recon DL, which has already reduced scan times for approximately 5.5 million patients globally and is increasing efficiency for clinicians. Globally, demand for minimally invasive surgical procedures continues to grow. In the U. S., for example, ambulatory surgical centers are performing more than half of all outpatient procedures. And to serve patients, our customers need efficient imaging capabilities. As a leader in surgery imaging, which is a high-growth and high-margin business for us, we see increasing opportunities for our OEC 3D C-arms to provide precise 2D and 3D images interoperably for many of clinical applications being done in ASCs, including spine, orthopedics and pulmonary work. During the fourth quarter, we also announced an $80 million investment in one of our facilities in Norway to increase capacity for our contrast active pharmaceutical ingredient. In our PCS business, we’re excited about our Portrait Mobile patient monitoring solution currently available in Europe. This technology allows us to expand care into sub-acute therapy areas, giving providers the ability to monitor patients that aren’t always monitor as thoroughly as they should be. In Ultrasound, we’re excited about the customer demand for our Vivid Cardiac Ultrasound portfolio, which again is equipped with AI features that help improve consistency of assessing the heart muscles function and significantly reduce the time it takes to acquire those imaging measurements. And in digital, we continue to make progress with the development of our Edison Digital Health Platform to help solve customer challenges. We have several pilots underway at hospital systems in the U. S. and Europe and we expect that cloud-based or on-prem Edison Digital Health Platform will be a vendor agnostic platform aggregating data from multiple sources and enabling integrated care pathway management. Our goal is that customers will benefit from a wide range of AI applications developed by us and third parties to make better connected decisions, operate more efficiently or better detect trends and populations. These are just a few of the examples of products and partnerships we’ve invested in to advance our capabilities in precision care. And so with that, we’d like to open up the call for questions.
Peter Arduini: Thanks, Drew, for the question. Yes, I would just say if I go around the world and start maybe in Europe, there’s still robust demand at this point. I think as we’ve talked about in the past with – in different audiences, that from different sick funds and tenders to really drive incremental imaging capabilities post-COVID. And so we see that continuing here into the future. China has obviously been a topic in the news. And although COVID was challenging in Q4, there was quite a bit of investment that we saw going into imaging in particular and in an ultrasound. And we believe as the market there works through some of the challenges with COVID in Q1, but there’s just a lot of pent-up demand. If you think about 2022 and even 2021 with some of the lockdowns, there’s a lot of people that have a lot of procedures to be taken care of. And in the United States, we were pleased to see with different customers that have reported as well as customers that myself, Helmut and the team have been talking to regularly are seeing improving conditions. It doesn’t mean that they’re back to, say, 2019 levels. But it means that we’re seeing improvements in labor costs. The demand or backlog, meaning the need for imaging procedures, both in our interventional diagnostic and ultrasound modalities is still at a record high. And so we look as we start the year that the demand is running strong. I think part of the piece that we all keep an eye on is CapEx prioritization in the United States. I think all indications are that people are being prudent and prioritizing for sure, but many of the technologies that we offer tend to be prioritized to the higher end of the list. And what customers tell us is, in many cases, that added productivity to get patients diagnosed faster, sooner, get them healthier and out of the system is one of the key attributes that we bring. So we’re cautiously optimistic, but I’d say with our large backlog that we have starting the year, we feel good about the horizon that we see here over the next couple of quarters.
Peter Arduini: Thanks, Ed, for the questions, Yes, I’ll start maybe a little bit with MI and frame it up, and then maybe, Helmut, you can comment a little bit on price. I would start first with saying, yes, I think one of the really interesting things that we’re excited about strategically is we’re the only company out there that actually makes the fuels for molecular imaging as well as has the devices that capture to create the images themselves. Why that’s important is this rise of different technologies out there called theranostics, this combination of a therapy and a diagnostic together and how you tune the device to the agent whether it be in the neurosciences area such as Parkinson’s or amyloid beta plaque imaging or other parts of the body. There’s a lot of longer-term benefits we think will come that way. Our – in the agent business itself, MI agents are about a third of volume, about two-thirds is contrast imaging agents used in the X-ray equipment. But we believe that’s going to be a growing area with again newer capabilities coming out of the pharma space that we play a critical role in helping do the diagnostics. On the device side itself, we’ve got a great platform, a great team. We do some outstanding work here in the United States as well as in Israel on these devices, probably one of the deeper expertise capabilities on different technologies, whether they be BGO or LSO, different types of PET/CT detectors as well as the CZT expertise we have within our MI devices. And combined between PET and MI, we think that this is going to be continuing growth area. It’s still at this point compared to MR and CT, a more moderate sized business. But again, with the rise of these new technologies and giving an example of an aging comes out that needs this type a follow-up to actually assess either amyloid beta plaque or other capabilities, we believe our MI technologies out in the industry will really play a key role in helping drive that diagnosis. And then down the road can even play a larger role in the therapy process either dose or delivery of agents. So, Helmut, you may want to comment a little bit on the pricing question.
Peter Arduini: Yes, Vijay. Look, good question. We have some actually quite good visibility at this point with carrying a little bit larger backlog than we normally do. One of the advantages of that is we actually have greater visibility out into the distance about what the deals look like, what the margin is on the deal, the timing thereof. And one of the things our operating teams in each of the segments have done a very nice job is actually speaking with customers and getting all the installed base products planned out as far as we can go, which is in many cases, a couple of quarters out, which is longer than we have historically done, but we did that purposely just based on some of the questions within the macro environment. And so that gave us more confidence obviously here about what customers want, when they want it and we’ve got some pretty good visibility into that. Other businesses such as ultrasound that have more flow capabilities based on prospecting funnels and stuff, we have quite good visibility as well. So if we look at that backlog, we know what the cost – the input costs are going into that. We have – we know what the price is in the backlog. So again, for those deals, it’s quite good. We clearly have orders coming into the system that will feed into that backlog. We know what our current pricing is. And we’ve also either taken some price increases or had some that would cut in. And keep in mind, there’s a couple of different ways to think about price looking at your configurations and really optimizing them is something that we started last year. And I think that’s of high value. Our new NPIs, we really focus on getting the right value for the customer and pricing it right the first time, which typically then aligns to making sure that we have the right gross margins associated with it. And then classic price increases on many of our products. So again, the combination of those gives us a pretty good view into how we see the year at this point, but probably more so a better lens on the first half.
Peter Arduini: Yes. And I would just say, Vijay, one of the things is we’ve got and we’ve talked about improving supply chain. But again, improving isn’t back to, say, the good old days. All of our input costs have some added cost to them. It’s why we put a lot of focus on variable cost productivity. We’re carrying some inventory from spot buys and things that was at higher rates. And we’re going to see much of that continue into 2023, but we have good visibility to it. And I think as we see how the economy plays out and how that plays out relative to inflation, we’ll have better insights about what we can do about it. But again, our first half visibility looks quite good at this point in time. And again, we’re optimistic that we’re going to continue to see improvements throughout the year.
Peter Arduini: Yes. Larry, I think particular to imaging, we obviously as well as us and pretty much everyone in other industries with the installed type products had some pent-up demand. And I mean that’s part of our backlog, right? And we were able to deliver a higher percentage of that. That typically is more in MR, CT, PET/CT, again some of the bigger installation-based products, but it’s affected the whole portfolio at some level. And so, Helmut mentioned the words we focused on making sure that we leaned in on getting the parts that we needed at the right time. It had a little bit of an impact on our cash flow, but we had the components available to ship, which then resulted in the higher growth. And I think with that, we’re going to see that into the first half. Now we would expect that that will start moderating and get back to more classical historic growth rates. But what’s interesting is you speak with customers again back on the list of their top capital buys are, in many cases, diagnostic imaging equipment, MR ranks up their high. We’ve mentioned the OEC C-arms in our remarks. Anybody that’s doing any type of surgical imaging and outpatient center, that’s the preferred device. So it’s quite strong, but we are definitely running at a higher level. And our RPO or our backlog that we have is quite strong. And again, just to emphasize, we’ve got good visibility on that into 20 23 and well into the year.
Peter Arduini: And I would just to put a finer point, Veronika, I mean, for what we have set as our operating plan for 2023, we have all of that localized and feel quite good about it. As Helmut said, as we bring new products out, one of the big question is, how much you’re going to localize versus not. But for what we need to compete, we’re in a very good position with localized components and that type of recognition that’s needed in certain types of tenders or constructs to compete.
Peter Arduini: Yes. And the last part, Anthony, is I think from a service standpoint, as we sell these more highly sophisticated products into the installed base, 12 months out, the probability of capturing that for a service contract because of the sophistication of the product and really the limited amount of other folks that can provide the type of services needed for one of these advanced products will then become more reoccurring revenue growth down the road. And so that type of capture rate involved with leading products, it’s an important part of our equation on growth.
Peter Arduini: Yes, Jason, I think – look, I think China, it’s obviously tricky to fully estimate how things will play out. I mean, we’re cautiously optimistic. But again, if you pull the lens back, you look at the market, you take a look at how, in many cases, procedures have been suppressed over the last 18 months at least potentially even 24 months. Things are clearly opening up. And yes, there’s challenges within the hospitals now with COVID patients and such. But if we think of our own facilities that we’ve been able to keep running through Q4 when COVID levels were up 60%, 70% in the environment, we were able to do that with learnings we had from how to run it in the first half of 2022. But we’re now seeing a lot of those rates, particularly in the bigger cities, where a lot of the businesses transacted to drop off quite a bit. And so our estimates would be Q1, I think, is going to be a little bit choppy based on the type of products. If I think of flowable products like our PDx is tied to procedures, probably a lower level of a procedure volume in that quarter versus how we would see quarters two, three and four. But on equipment, we actually would expect that it’s still going to be reasonably strong and it’s driven by a different dynamic, which is the stimulus funds that are out there and requiring products to be taken on install. We also make some products that actually help assist with COVID patients whether it be monitoring events or other products in CT and stuff. So there’s a bunch of different activities going on, but we would expect that China will continue to ramp throughout the year. And again, we can’t predict all the different changes that may take out, but our take at this point in time is Q1 a little bit more tempered and then continue improvement throughout the year.
Peter Arduini: Yes. No, I think, look, I would just say on broader pricing, our job to get price really comes down to is to bring more value to the customer to help solve their problems. And the more we can create products that really solve a bigger issue, we can get our fair share of more pricing. And so having your organization, your teams aligned and thinking that way, having a gross margin focus as well, is something we’ve just driven across the company and build into compensation plans, build into focus. So I think that’s an important part. And it goes for both equipment and services. Obviously, with services, there’s a different type of horizon, usually multi-year how you think about it. We’re also investing in innovative new services, whether they be different types of remote capabilities, Again, when you think about the brake fix side of our business, these are highly valuable products that being down for half a day or a day can wipe out a lot of profits for the institution. So if you have capabilities to be able to keep the product up running, customers are able to pay more for that. The other aspect is there are other services with an S on the end and some of those are digital on how you run your operation or how you can run capabilities. And in that – those cases, we can obviously ask for even higher prices as well as better margins than what we would have from normal brake fix. But we’ve been successful at taking selective increases. And again, with more of these advanced products, the related service contracts for them will also have a tail of better pricing down the road as well.
Peter Arduini: Yes. No, look, good question. PDx is definitely a growth driver. And again, I just want to reframe as we talked about all of our businesses, all of them have growth opportunities and all of them have margin expansion. But PDx has more of a growth priority upfront. And I think it’s both sides of the PDx Health, both our contrast business as well as our MI business, we’re expecting to see accelerated growth. As an example, in contrast with the growth of the imaging procedures that we’re talking about, anything that needs a contrasted-based capability like a vascular study with our leadership position in contrast ionized imaging, we’re going to continue to see that increase. So I think that’s one. On the molecular imaging side, again, with the rise of new agents that are out there, whether they be in prostate or different neuroscience-based agents, we would be expecting to see that pick up. I would say the contrast agent is probably more of a temporal or closer 2023 impact. And the MI is probably has more of an impact later in 2023 into 2024, just to kind of give you a profile of how we think about the growth there.
Peter Arduini: Yes. No, it’s a good question. I would say, first of all, they do have healthy margins. One of the interesting things about our pharmaceutical diagnostic business, both in contrast and MI that you had referenced, is the proprietary nature of how we make it, I would say, the capital hurdles of the infrastructure and then the sophistication of the infrastructure. And just to give an example, if there is a typical molecule in the pharmaceutical world that comes in a 10 ml vial and a generic comes out, people can have five ready, they can be shelf stable, they can be shipped around the world, stored for two years. Many of our agents are made that have half-lives, they’re radioactive, right, that only can live for maybe a couple of days. And so you literally have to have production capabilities cyclotron setup, a distribution network on how to deliver radioactive capabilities to pharmacies, we have that infrastructure and that know-how. And so even though some of these will have patents on them, the actual barriers to entry are more around the infrastructure and capability than they are based on particular IP and the normal pharmaceutical space.
Peter Arduini: Thank you. So, look, in closing, let me just reiterate how excited I’m about our path forward as we invest in our business. The emphasis on innovative products in high-growth areas, many we talked about today, we delivered strong organic revenue growth and sequential margin improvement in the fourth quarter and we expect to capitalize on robust demand in 2023, as we execute on our revenue drivers across each of our segments. And we’re also optimizing the business through lean. We’ve given quite a few examples today, and this gives us confidence in our ability to reach our margin targets and drive meaningful shareholder value over the long-term. Our full team is united and excited about our purpose-driven approach for the benefit of customers and most importantly patients that we serve. So thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you at one of our upcoming conferences that will attend. Thank you very much.
Helmut Zodl: Yes. Thank you, Drew. I think so when we look at the overall margin expansion in the 50 basis points to 100 basis points, there is a number of drivers in there So clearly, volume is a driver, VCP, so we have a cost productivity, improvement in material cost, improvement in logistics cost, and also price is key drivers. So those are really, I would say, those key elements that are driving them with the positive improvement on the margin side. If you look at the headwinds against that, we’re still seeing material costs elevated. So especially material cost that is sitting on our balance sheet, in our inventory currently. And we also continue to invest into the business, both for our growth, but also what we are putting innovation investment in R&D into the business. So these are really the offsetting element. So both of those elements together are really driving our 50 basis point to 100 basis point margin expansion and we’re very focused on what is really in our control, which is price, VCP and obviously volume execution. That’s really how we look at the margin expansion for 2023. If I give you a little bit more color, Drew, on the four segments, obviously, as you’ve seen in the fourth quarter, the Imaging segment, very strong with its growth. We expect that growth, as we work through our backlog, continue especially for the first half. So there’s going to be more growth on the imaging side. But also all our other three segments, Ultrasound, PCS and PDx, we expect to grow in that range as we have laid out the 5% to 7% as we go forward. So it’s a very good balance as we go into the New Year.
Helmut Zodl: Yes. Thanks, Pete. So Ed, on price, we’re quite happy with the progress we’ve been making on price throughout the year. So we started really tracking price on orders last year. So we have both a management system that looks at the orders, but also looks at how much price we have in sales. And in sales, since the second quarter, we have price in our sales or in revenue. It started at the low single-digit. It improved as it went through the third quarter. And we are now for some of our modalities in the mid single-digit level what we are seeing on price. So we were quite happy about how we performed, and we also have good visibility on price for this in our backlog. So we already know what is going to happen and ship here over the next quarters and how much price is in the backlog.
Helmut Zodl: Yes. So Vijay, we have been obviously tightening up the range on the EPS guide. So the $3.60 to $3.75, we believe is right in the middle. When you look at the upper and lower end of the revenue and the margin expansion guide, so we wanted to tighten that range up. And to the assumption question, so there’s about 2.5 basis points of negative impact from FX assumed in those numbers, very little below the line. So that’s really how you should look at it.
Helmut Zodl: Larry, So maybe I’ll reiterate how we look at the overall guidance for the full year and quarterly flows. So on revenue, we expect growth to be stronger in the first half, clearly and that is driven by the backlog and also how we have lined up really past and inventory in the first half accordingly. But the good news is going to be that we still expect sequential growth in the – into the second half. So typically, our Q3 and Q4 is higher than our Q1 and Q2. But growth rates, we expect to be slightly lower than what we are seeing in the first half accordingly. So that’s the side on the revenue. On the margin side, you will see, I think, more of the margin expansion in the second half as we expect some of those productivity initiatives to taking hold, especially around VCP and cost improvements on the gross margin side. And the reason for that is really because we still have, as I think, Pete said that earlier, we still have elevated cost that is sitting in our inventory on our balance sheet. And as we flush that inventory through, we will have lower margins in the first half that then will improve into the second half. And we’re already seeing this based on those red flag parts of how much parts we have, how much parts we have to purchase at spot buys. And so that’s going to be the side on the margins and more of that in the second half. And maybe I’ll comment on cash flow also just to be clear on that also. So a very large piece of the cash flow given our seasonality in our business we expect to happen in the second half, less of cash is going to be generated in the first half because of interest payments, because of some of the supplier payments that are bigger in the first half as well. So that’s really how you should look at the quarterly flow for 2023.
Helmut Zodl: Yes. So, Veronika, we have a very large components of our portfolio is localized. And I would say it’s not close to 100%, but not far off 100%, that’s how I will answer the question for most of our modalities. And we continue to expand that on an ongoing basis because it’s not only the localization of the manufacturing, but there’s also the innovation in China. So having specific product that’s really made for China, made in China, that’s really how we look at it. So innovating for the China market then accordingly. So this is quite high percentages. The teams worked very hard. And we have a long – as Pete said earlier, we have a long history in China. It’s an important market for us. Our brand is very well recognized, which we are proud of and we are continuing to innovate for customers in China.
Helmut Zodl: Yes, I would just add, I think as Pete said, so the innovation and the new products are happening really across the portfolio. I just would call out, it’s happening both on the device and I talked about a couple of those innovation in my remarks, but it’s also happening on the digital side. So a lot of AI and machine learning that happens on the device accordingly, which is really a different way of introducing an NPI. So there’s a lot of times spend on that by the team, which really helps clinicians significantly both get more productive, but also help better patient outcomes.
Helmut Zodl: Yes. Thanks, Anthony. So the way we look at our capital location, first and foremost, we are very happy with our strong investment-grade ratings we received last year. This is important for us access to capital, but it’s also equally important for our customers. I mean, Pete just talked about long-term services contracts. People want a strong financial partner that know – they know that’s going to be with them for many years, sometimes decades only. So this is first and foremost very important. Obviously, investing in the business is a key priority. We increased our R&A investment substantially in 2022, it was up more than $1 billion that we spend on R&D now. And going forward, we expect that to really grow with the revenue. But when you then look at the rest of the capital allocation, obviously, this is a strong cash-generating business. I’m talking about 85% or more free cash flow conversion. And we will use and deploy that cash to continue to invest organically into the business, but also out of the free cash flow inorganic investment. IMACTIS was one example. Pete and I spent a lot of time with our M&A team to look at opportunities because I think it’s important for us to see what is out there and make sure that we have a good transparency and visibility and then make decisions that are going to be very disciplined for such acquisitions if they fit into our portfolio and AI accretive both at the top line growth, but also from a profitability perspective.
Helmut Zodl: Yes. So Ryan, I think to the RPO, we feel good about the Q4 in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.07. And this really I think demonstrated that the markets are strong. The book-to-bill, the way how we define it is really, I think, a quite simple calculation across the whole portfolio. And you mustn’t forget, we had quite a large services business in this as well where book-to-bill is 1. Also the PDx business for us as a book-to-bill of 1. So when we look across the portfolio, you will see book-to-bill is actually higher in our imaging products, where we have obviously from taking the order until shipment takes a longer time and we’re quite comfortable with the backlog. Historically, that book-to-bill, I would say, has been running in similar ranges. It would have been up above the 110 level at certain quarters if we look at historically, but it’s running at a very solid basis at this stage. As it relates to our RPO, the RPO, as you mentioned, is a big amount that we have disclosed and we’re quite happy with that backlog. The RPO, the way it’s defined, I want to be also maybe clear on, it’s defined as backlog that is non-cancelable. So we also have backlog that is non – that is cancelable, where we see very, very little, very few cancelations from our customers because they’re committed to the product, that’s really how we look at that RPO. And we’re exiting the year at a very strong position both on the RPO side as well as the total backlog. And just to be clear, the RPO, it is $14 billion. I don’t know if they did better $10 billion number you quoted came from, but it is $14 billion at the end of 2022.
