Peter Arduini: Thanks, Jay. Before turning to Q&A, I want to touch on a few exciting areas that GE HealthCare is focused on to address patient and customer needs. In Imaging this quarter, we announced two deep learning artificial intelligence technologies, Precision DL and Sonic DL. Precision DL is available on our Omni Legend PET/CT and enables faster scan times and smaller lesion detectability. Sonic DL leverages capabilities from our AIR Recon DL MR platform and acquires high-quality MR images up to 12 times faster than conventional methods. By enabling imaging with a single heartbeat, it reduces the need for repetitive patient breath holds making MRI more accessible for cardiac patients. In Ultrasound, we introduced the world’s first and most compact mini 3D transesophageal echocardiogram probe, designed for pediatric cardiology. It’s 57% smaller than an adult probe and it provides access to real-time 3D imaging for children who could not tolerate an adult size probe. This innovative probe technology is an example of our investment and leadership position in ultrasound. We continue to invest in commercial capabilities and expand further into adjacent and new markets such as point-of-care and handheld ultrasound. In PCS, we’re investing in monitoring solutions for critical care and acute patients. The introduction of CARESCAPE Canvas gives us a platform to build on for years to come and with Portrait Mobile being the newest addition on the platform. Portrait Mobile enables care teams to monitor the unmonitored by shifting the paradigm from periodic spot checks to continuous monitoring, freeing the patient from the bed while continuously monitoring for signs of patient decline. These are our first major introductions in monitoring in recent years and create an opportunity for installed base upgrades as well as new growth. In PDx, we announced the National Comprehensive Cancer Network guidelines, now recommend the use of FES PET imaging agent for estrogen receptor positive disease for patients. Cerianna is the first and only U.S. FDA-approved imaging agent to help clinicians assess reoccurring or metastatic breast cancer. The benefit of Cerianna is that it provides a whole-body view of estrogen receptor positive lesions in one exam. We’re encouraged that the addition of Cerianna to the NCCN guidelines will increase this adoption. Turning to recent news about advancements in Alzheimer’s disease therapies. Many of you heard about the FDA’s recent approval of lecanemab and all other promising models – molecules in the pipeline that have the potential to provide millions of patients high-quality quality of life, if diagnosed and treated early. Before now, the only option was to fundamentally treat the symptoms. As these new therapies become more widely available, there’s a need for precise and noninvasive imaging and digital solutions, which we’re well positioned to deliver on. Let me walk you through the opportunities for GE HealthCare. Our technology, including MR and PET scanners and our amyloid imaging agent, Vizamyl, combined with digital solutions, enables us to be a disease state solution provider for our customers. As you can see on the page, these breakthrough therapies will create new market opportunities for us in upfront diagnosis, safety monitoring and follow-up. This approach that we often refer to as D3, which is about smart devices and drugs, a disease state-focused and digital solutions and is a good example of how we think about care pathways and our evolving role to provide precision care. While it’s still early in the Alzheimer’s therapy journey, we remain very optimistic about the benefit for patients and the growth opportunities this will generate for GE HealthCare, as a partner to providers. In summary, we’ve had many accomplishments since our launch as an independent company and they have set us up for long-term sustainable growth. I’d like to thank our 50,000-plus team members across the globe for their dedication and contributions on our initial phase of growth. I’m pleased with the results we’ve delivered in the first half, with strong visibility into our second half, supporting our updated outlook for the full year. We’re seeing continued solid market demand for our products and services. We’re allocating our R&D spend into high-growth areas to drive long-term innovation, while also driving margin improvement actions. And our healthy backlog provides good line of sight through ‘23 and into ‘24. And with that, we’ll open up the call for questions.
Peter Arduini: Hey, Anthony, thanks for the question. I mean, let me just start out with – I mean, we’re just living in a really fantastic window of time here, where between different therapies are coming up that are going to change patients’ lives. And I think it’s such a tremendous win for patients, these new drugs are coming out. Look, to bring this forward, as you know, governments, in our case, CMS with reimbursement, pharma and a company like GE HealthCare working with providers really what it’s all about. And I think that’s one of the interesting changes here, not only in this disease area but in other areas where we play a significant role in bringing forth these capabilities. I think 30%, 40% improvement, some early indications that earlier patients, better improvement gives us pretty strong confidence that these are going to be impactful. Think of us as the company that facilitates, so to speak, kind of the management of the disease. If you think about the last chart that I pulled up in the deck on 14, where we play a screening and assessment role with MR or our PET products, we play a major role in diagnosis with PET and are also radiopharmaceutical imaging tracer, Vizamyl and then actually treatment and monitoring. And in treatment, as you probably know, after each of the injections having an MRI to make sure that there aren’t any baseline side effects. And then we think longer-term monitoring to see what is the baseline of the amyloid beta reduction at that point. And that all encompassed with some digital solutions that can make reregistration, that can make integration, make the tool sets much easier outside of an academic setting, so that this can work for providers. And so our opportunity is to work with big IDNs as well to help them think through the problem statement that’s in front of them, of how do you provide this across rural care, concentrated city care, fleet management, and we think we can help make that happen. On the size of the opportunity, I think it’s a little too early to say. I think it’s not a huge opportunity in ‘23. But if you look over ‘24, ‘25, ‘26, depending on the uptake of the drug, which is going to be heavily tied to a companion diagnostic reimbursement, therapy diagnostic and the follow-on drugs, we believe that this is a pretty profound growth opportunity across the space. But time will tell how that ultimately plays out. The last point I would just make is that we’re really the only company that touches all of these areas, MRI, PET MR, PET/CT and the radiopharmaceutical tracer. And what’s interesting about the radiopharmaceuticals is – and I think you know this well, is unlike other drugs or a generic where it can be vialed and put on the shelf, this is a product that once it’s made, it has a half-life of under 2 hours. So it starts degrading. And we already have a large network in the U.S. and Europe as well to actually distribute these radioactive isotopes. And so as they evolve and they grow with other folks coming into the marketplace, I think that’s going to be an interesting opportunity for us to play as well. But I think, in the near-term, we’ll see how these pieces come together. But we’re super optimistic, I think, first for patients and their families; and then second, the opportunity that we can play.
Peter Arduini: Yes. I mean, Jay, I think you covered it all. I’d just say, Ryan, we were pleased with the performance, obviously, the step-up from Q1. As you know, there’s still a little bit of noise in ours and many folks’ numbers coming out of COVID and which countries switched at what point in time. But this is about real durable demand that we see particularly in our imaging world and across the board. But I think that’s where we’re seeing aligned with our other comments about the productivity that those products bring and also the backlogs that exist because of incoming procedures. This is how you diagnose, this is how you plan, surgically guide. So there’s strong demand in those aspects. And I would just say, we’ve talked about our mid-term guidance out into the future being mid-single digits revenue growth. And I mean, obviously standpoint here is that we’re – we feel quite good about what the orders funnel is coming in to feed that backlog to set us up for in the coming years.
Peter Arduini: And on your question about AI, exogenous impacts and such, look, I think the key here is that our first level of AI that we have out right now, which again because of the combination of software upgrades and the value it brings – are bringing significantly higher margins into our sales when those are incorporated. I think an upgrade in an MRI unit relative to AIR Recon DL can have margin contribution that can rival a larger system. And I think that mix change over time is going to impact our broader products. To your point, most of our AI today is incorporated in our own proprietary Recon data. So it’s kind of our domain. And as we go beyond that, we look at, say, how we’re going to build this within this ecosystem and really embrace some of these technologies. The key is, to always be the face to the customer which, again, is one of our strong parts with our reach and be really trusted as someone that can help a customer navigate this ecosystem. If you think about cybersecurity, which we’ve been focused on for many, many years with so many different products that are out there, the privacy of the data and really having kind of the right committees we’re bringing together, we think about ethics and health care about how these come together, I think that’s at its core. One of the key reasons I wanted Taha to come in as our Chief Technology Officer, his background as interventional cardiologist, worked at the FDA on data statistics and then seven years at Amazon leading AI and ML is exactly this, is to be able to distill through and look at the right partnerships that we want to leverage because of our position. I think you probably know, about half of the data created in health care, we either are directly creating and are a part of it just based on the amount of 4K plus data that’s generated out of the imaging world. And with our integration and building platforms that can enable third parties but also create an ecosystem where for customers, this is the place you want to go to kind of leverage connectivity but also integrated AI apps, this is at the core of what we’re focused on. And so I would say, standby, I think later this year, we’ll be able to talk more about what our plans are and demonstrations around it. But this is an important part of it. We view it less as a threat, as more of how do we embrace it and give a door into health care as someone that really knows our customers well, understand their cyber concerns or security concerns and really helps think about how to solve their problems the right way. One of the interesting things that’s out there today is, there’s a lot of AI applications for diagnosis. But if they aren’t integrated in the disease pathway the appropriate way, they actually add work and complexity. One of our expertise is, how do you integrate them into your workflow, so you get the benefit for the patient but you also get the productivity for the system. And that’s really where we add a lot of value.
Peter Arduini: Yes. Look, I would say, from a standpoint of overall market and share, our philosophy has been really balanced on getting the most value for our products in all the geographies and also balancing share. An ideal scenario for us is to hold or be slightly up in share but to be able to get the right value in all the geographies. And again, this ties back to price, gross margin, all the kind of things. That’s what we’ve been focused on. But we have done reasonably well here in the last 9, 12 months. And some of that is directly attributed to our metric we use, which is NPI vitality, which is new products generating sales. I mentioned monitoring, yet a big contributor but when you haven’t had a new platform in over a decade and you bring that out, there’s just a really nice installed base opportunity. And because it’s more of a cutting-edge opportunity, you also have an opportunity to go into others installed base and say, "Hey, maybe you should take a look at us." So I think we’re in a good position from that standpoint. Look, from the Russia point of view, we’ve been focused on the humanitarian support that has been supported by governments around the world. From a standpoint of call out, we didn’t believe there’s anything to call out because we’ve actually contemplated it in our overall guidance. And I would say, in the second half, as I said, it’s in there. If things drastically improve, maybe we could do a little bit better against that. But we’ve been factoring that in all along about what was taking place. The added process controls and things that the U.S. government had put in place, I think the team has managed reasonably well but it’s clearly had more of a extending the time to have a transaction take place. But again, just to reinforce, it’s contemplated in our guidance.
Peter Arduini: So we basically – we don’t break that fully out. But Russia, as we’ve said in the past, is 2% or slightly below that in that range is what it represents for us.
Peter Arduini: No, no. The total Russia business is roughly 2%, maybe slightly below that in sales that it represents against the whole company.
Peter Arduini: Yes. No, great question. So as – again, your question is about Vizamyl, which is the radiopharmaceutical that is used and approved. It’s one of three out there but it’s the only one that actually is approved for color interpretation, meaning that you get a highlight film that actually shows a heat map, which we believe aids in the ability to kind of quantify and diagnose. As it is a radiopharmaceutical, you actually have to have a location where there’s a cyclotron and which we manufacture. As well as what’s called FASTlab, which is kind of a synthesis cassette-based structure, which enables fast conversion to make the product. So we offer all of those. We have our own sites and then we have a network of partners. I would just say from what we’ve seen as early indications of what the uptake would be, we believe we have added capacity – adequate capacity to ramp up to meet the needs. Pending on how successful molecule 1, molecule 2 and potentially future molecules will be, we can actually ramp up capacity with our network and our own investment. So I don’t see that being any type of a near-term issue for us. And again, as I had mentioned earlier, we’re just really excited for patients and their families and what this opportunity means. But it’s a critical point here that be able to actually have baseline visualization to see what the plaque quantification of amyloid beta is. And then after – while doing the treatment, be able to have MRI to monitor exactly how that patient is doing. And then we suspect further along being able to actually see what reduction in plaque took place later on in follow-up. So a big part of this, I think you know, is going to be the reimbursement out of CMS. We were encouraged that the one kind of Alzheimer’s scan per lifetime CMS indication. They came back and said that they’re looking to move that towards the MACs to make that decision. We hope that, that moves to a national coverage decision but the fact that it moved to the MACs to actually look at, it is encouraging step in the right direction. So we feel like we’re in pretty good shape based on what the demand curves will look like to meet the needs.
Peter Arduini: Yes. No, just the fact that if you think of our PDx business, it’s fundamentally about a 70-30 contrast agent imaging business and 30% molecular imaging. And obviously, the more molecular imaging grows over time, whether it be theranostics or Alzheimer’s, other things I had mentioned about FES PET getting into metastatic breast cancer, that’s going to grow with even higher margins than the traditional side of the house. That being said, you really can’t do a vascular study without contrast. Obviously, without the agents, there’s actually limited capacity throughout the world. And we’ve – as we’ve talked about as well, committed to making the proper investments to shore up supply in the respectable markets. But, to Jay’s point, it will be a little lumpy here over the next couple of quarters because of the shutdown we had in Q2 last year, but we feel quite good about it. Think about all the surge in procedures that are taking place, for interventional procedures in cardiac, many of the different procedures that are happening that you’re seeing for other implantable devices. In many cases, there is a study that involves a with or without contrast study to get them there and that’s one of the underlying drivers in the marketplace.
Peter Arduini: So thank you for joining us today. And look, we’re excited about the significant opportunities ahead as we work to help transform the future of health care and focus on the enablement of precision care. We look forward to connecting you at one of our upcoming conferences. Thanks for your time today.
James Saccaro: Great. Thank you, Anthony. Appreciate it. So far, from a TSA standpoint, things are very much on track. We have quite a few to exit. In fact, we probably have over 400 TSAs to exit over the next several years, with the vast majority of those exits taking place 18 to 24 months following the spin. But so far, we’ve exited 100 and it really is setting the stage for our successful transition to a standalone public entity. Importantly, about 1/3 of the exits that we’ve had thus far are related to IT, another – about half of them are related to facilities. So I would say that there’s really good progress on setting ourselves up. And then once we have that in place, we can really start to optimize the long-term footprint, the long-term operations of our company. What I mean by that and in the prepared remarks, I made a statement about our IT area. IT is an area where we have tremendous optimization opportunities. I just spent a few days with the IT team walking through many of those opportunities, things like moving to the cloud many of the servers that are currently hosted, things like rationalizing the application service providers, all of those will give us a multiyear tailwind in terms of optimization of cost. But the first step is getting to standalone. And so, so far, so good on the TSAs. This is going to be a – this will impact 2024, ‘25 and ‘26, more than it does ‘23 but it’s crucial at this stage that we operate effectively as a standalone.
James Saccaro: Sure. Overall, what I would say is, I feel good about the margin targets that the company has put together. From my standpoint, we’re a new public company, so there’s a lot of opportunity that’s simply created by spinning off this enterprise. But then if you look at the drivers that we’ve laid out, commercial execution, innovation and optimization, there are real opportunities underlying each of these. From a commercial execution standpoint, this idea of disciplined around pricing, it really is embedded in the culture at the company. We’ve targeted 2% to 3% this year, 1% to 2% going forward. This idea of commercial execution and how we capture the real value that we’re providing to health care providers in the products that we sell, I think it’s something that’s going to continue to bear fruit. From an innovation standpoint, I think we collectively are incredibly excited about the innovation opportunities that we have. And frankly, if I were to say, what’s the biggest surprise coming in, it’s the richness and the depth of the innovation portfolio and this care continuum approach, which is just really remarkable from my perspective. So I’m quite excited about innovation as a driver. And then, finally and I alluded to this a little bit more, there’s a lot of low-hanging fruit that we can optimize as we move forward. And that’s just true of any new public company. There are real opportunities for us to rethink how we provide IT services and other areas. So there’s some great opportunity there. So generally speaking, without being specific, I would say I feel quite good about it. The last comment I’d make related to this is another aspect of the culture that’s been impressive to me is this lean mindset. And so this idea of how do we get after optimization in our factories, how do we get after optimization in our end-to-end process, I think that’s another tool in the toolbox that’s going to go a long way to helping us transform the margin of the company.
James Saccaro: No, overall, like I said earlier, pleased with orders in the second quarter. I think for us that getting to that mid-single-digit really does unlock the long-term model that we have. What I would say, I don’t want to unpack too much beneath what we’ve shared for competitive reasons. But what I would say is, generally, we saw strength across geographies, which was great. And the 6% did include the very strong PDx number in it. So if we were to look for a more traditional line equipment type businesses, the orders growth was 4%. You could do that math, but I think it gives an illustration as to the health of the equipment businesses that we have, which is solid.
James Saccaro: Sure. So overall, in the second quarter, gross margin was up, mainly driven by price and productivity, which offset inflation. And I know that wasn’t your question but I share that because fundamental to our algorithm going forward is price and productivity offsetting inflation, along with the benefits of new products. So for us, this is an intense – this idea of securing a 2% to 3% price in this year’s numbers, securing 1% to 2% going forward, that’s a crucial enabler when coupled with a lot of the productivity initiatives that we have ongoing at the company. So I’ll stop short of giving a – of giving the 2024 gross margin number. But what I can say is, there will be a lot of the benefits of TSA and G&A optimization that obviously accrue to the SG&A line. But we do expect gross margin enhancements going forward, largely based on price plus new products, plus some of this work that we’re doing on productivity initiatives. Now as we think about the next couple of quarters, what I would say, generally speaking is, the third quarter will probably be in the range of the second quarter, with the fourth quarter being the highest of the year and a lot of that just has to do with seasonality benefits as is normally the case. But then as we move to next year, we’ll have that discussion in the future.
James Saccaro: Yes. I think in the second quarter, it was an important improvement from the first quarter. We saw 70 basis points of margin expansion. And what I’d like to see, Vijay, is we did that in the face of fairly substantial R&D growth, which is great as we look to accelerate some of the new products that we have and some of the excitement there. So 70 basis points improvement from Q1 to Q2. As we move to the second half of the year, what I would say is, the third quarter is probably going to be along the lines of the second quarter from an overall margin standpoint. We always do have a substantial tick up in the fourth quarter and we will start to see some of the benefits from some of the activities on G&A impacting the fourth quarter. So you start to see a little bit of that impact coming through. And that’s what really drives up the fourth quarter to a much higher level than we’ve seen earlier in the year. And I think that’s also important because it does set the stage as we move into 2024 for continued margin expansion. So I think we feel good about line of sight. We’re watching things obviously very cautiously as we always are. But we have good line of sight to the margin expansion that we’ve laid out. And like I say, importantly, we saw a nice second quarter and a nice imaging margin growth from Q1 to Q2, which are key enablers for us long-term.
James Saccaro: Sure. So really a nice performance in the second quarter on imaging. I think that entire team is incredibly focused on margin enhancements and gross margin, in particular, along with pricing and productivity improvement. So I think that’s a – it was a great enhancement from the 7.7% to 10.6%. We do expect the second half of the year to be above the first half for imaging. And a lot of that does come down to some of these inflation purchases that we’ve had in the second half of last year, they do start to lessen from an impact standpoint. And frankly, this is our longest lead time business. And so we do see – that’s why it’s kind of lingered for the longest period of time. But we’ll start to see that ease in the second half of the year. So that will be another incremental tailwind for imaging margins. So you can expect to see, like I say, second half above first half, hopefully setting the stage for a nice 2024.
