Jay Saccaro: Craig, that’s right. Overall, as I said in my prepared remarks, the first half will be lower than the second half. And the first quarter will be lower than the second quarter. And really what this comes down to is the challenging comp that we saw in Q1 of last year. I believe we had 12% revenue growth, which was really a great performance in that quarter. Having said that, we still expect revenue growth in the first quarter and some level of margin expansion, albeit both of those lower than the full year rates.
Jay Saccaro: Vijay, as it relates to price, like I said, we were pleased with price in ‘23. We delivered around 3% of price. And a lot of that comes down to a cultural focus at our company in terms of selling value and appreciation of our customers of the value that we’re bringing to the table. We are trying to innovate. You saw the R&D growth number in the quarter. We really are trying to accelerate innovation, and that translates to new and unique products. And so from our standpoint, that’s unlocked a lot of our pricing opportunity. What we expect, consistent with the midterm plans that we’ve laid out, is roughly 1% to 2% pricing in 2024, and we will continue that going forward. So I think this is about culture. It’s about new products, and that’s what’s really – and discipline in terms of how you construct your deals. That’s really what’s enabled this.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. And just a word on 2023 margin. We expanded 60 basis points standalone, but we did that with a dramatic increase in R&D expansion. And so that’s the template that we really, really like to see. And so as we look at 2024, the vast majority of the expansion will come from gross margin. I used some words in my prepared remarks regarding the lean focus at the company, and that’s real. What we call variable cost productivity initiatives are reshaping how we operate the manufacturing and distribution operations of the company. So that’s one key element. Pricing is another key element impacting gross margin. So in 2024, majority comes from gross margin expansion. You’ll actually see R&D grow as a percentage of sales, not to the extent that it did in prior years, but it will increase as a percentage of sales as we continue to grow R&D faster. And then there will be a little bit of savings from SG&A. That’s really the construct behind the 50 to 80 basis points.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. On China, we expect a decline in the first half. But remember, in Q1 of 2023 and Q2 of 2023, we had around 20% growth. So, we have always kind of modeled the decline in the first half, growth in the second half. And as a result, we are expecting growth for the year.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. Thanks for the question. I think 2023 was really a great case study in terms of how we think about capital allocation. It starts, to your point, with free cash flow. We were able to deliver 95% conversion, which we were very proud of. We did a lot of work on the balance sheet on working capital balances and collections on inventory turns, which I commented on in my prepared remarks. And the result was we exceeded our cash flow expectations by a good margin. And we set up 2024 with another solid 90% conversion rate and free cash flow growth. And so then the question is, how do you deploy that, well, in 2023, the first thing we like to do is reinvest in the business to accelerate growth. And so what we were able to do is drive EBIT expansion of 60 basis points despite 20%-ish growth in R&D. And we also significantly expanded CapEx investments. So, point one, reinvest in the business. The second thing we like to do is strategic M&A. Over the course of 2023, we announced three deals, IMACTIS, Caption and MIM. All of them have the profile of deals that we like, strategically relevant, accretive to our business, really solid ROIs over time. And so all of them hit the profile and made us a bit more competitive in the marketplace with more offerings for our customers. Also in 2023, we made a number of minority investments that allow us to learn about new areas in a sort of experimental manner. So, we don’t talk too much about all of those investments, but we make quite a few in 2023. And over time, we expect these to yield dividends. We also like to focus on the balance sheet, so we paid down $1 billion in debt in 2023, significantly enhancing the financial flexibility going forward. And finally, we paid a dividend. So, I guess the way I think about it, everything was on display in 2023 in terms of how we think about a disciplined capital allocation strategy. And as we move forward, I would expect to see more of the same. All of that, though, as I have said at the beginning of this was – is unlocked by cash flow generation, which is a real area of focus for us.
Peter Arduini: Hey, Craig, it’s Pete. Well, look, as you know, there is a lot of moving parts within China. We’ve talked a lot about this in the past. I think there is three things. I mean there is clearly a focus by the government to expand capabilities in medical coverage. And a lot of that comes down to our equipment, ultrasound CT as a first part. The second thing is there was a stimulus funding from last year, which was in Q4 and affected in Q1, where we did actually very, very well from a share and a growth standpoint. And then we have anti-corruption. What we’ve seen on the ground is it’s not that consistent in many different ways, meaning that certain provinces, there may be less. In fact, other provinces there may be more. I think that’s going to play out and throughout the coming year. We believe overall that the approach to drive better compliance in a very large country is a good thing and that there isn’t necessarily an end date as much as it’s a new policy approach about how you do business. And for a company like us, it’s kind of how we do business every country around the world. I think that lays it out that way. That being said, last year for us in China in the first half, we had a very strong first half. We grew over 20% organic in the first half of 2023. So we’re actually expecting our growth to be negative year-over-year. That’s contemplated in our guidance in the first half and then in the second half, resuming to growth. And so that’s kind of how we profiled it, and that’s part of our 4% guidance that we’ve laid out. Longer-term, we believe China, again, with 1.4 billion people, 400 million getting quality services today and 1 billion that need it is going to continue to be a growth market out into the future. But we’ve taken, I think, a prudent approach on how we take a look at no growth in the first half and then growth resuming in the second half.
Peter Arduini: Yes. No, I would just – I think you covered it, Jay, other than the fact to say that, look, we were super pleased with the order book performance. There is been obviously a reasonable amount of questions over this year about order and the translation to revenue, putting up strong orders growth in the fourth quarter, both service and equipment. And again, when you think about our orders book now being over $19 billion, that obviously sets us up for more gas in the tank in – later in Q – in the second half of 2024. But it’s also a business that we have for multiyear deals that gives us visibility into ‘25 as well. And I think that’s an important aspect here. I mentioned $2.5 billion of multiyear enterprise deals, which we’ve been really ramping up our capability on. Not only does that help you in the current year, but it typically gives you 2 to 3 years’ visibility out of business that you’re going to get that you don’t need to win each year. And I think – so for over the period of time here, I just feel very good. And again, I’m just very satisfied with the work that the team has done and the setup that we’ve had. And to Jay’s point, we tried to take into consideration all the different challenges that may be helping in the world and making sure that we’ve had the appropriate call to be able to deal with whatever parameters come our way.
Peter Arduini: And I’d just support that by, again, obviously, new products aren’t in the price calculation. They are in mix. But with a focus on having those come out at higher gross margins. When you have a vitality index of 26%, over 25% of your products are coming out that have a higher gross margin than the predicate ones. And ultimately, that will be the dynamic even more so than like-for-like products, which will help drive margin.
Peter Arduini: I think you covered it. I mean the only point, look, the balance sheets are getting better, Matt, less travelers, nursing and stuff. So, their costs are going down. And so you have seen in some of the reports, profit going up, which is what we are hearing, so that’s there. At the same time, demand is strong, meaning the procedures of patients coming in, either from orthopedic, cardiovascular, neuro, I mean across the board. And so as you have heard us say as well as others, the more that those procedures grow and new innovations come out, they typically are always supported by much of the equipment that we do. We talk about Alzheimer’s when – new therapies are going to come out. And as they do grow, they are going to require our equipment to image and manage safety. As new implants come out in orthopedics and move to an outpatient center, you are going to need an OECC arm to be able to do that procedure backed up with ultrasound. So, that’s the part that we watch is that customers’ health, particularly in the United States is improving and the procedures growth is on the rise.
Peter Arduini: Yes. Larry, look, we are – I won’t give my estimate of when the agency approvals would be. But the normative rates would say at some point here in the later second half of the year based on what the normal dates would be for an NDA that we should be in the process for an approval. Look, it’s a very exciting drug. And I mean you know, you have written on it as well. The standard of care forever, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is a SPECT camera and technetium. Many of us here, I think on the call listening in know if you go to any type of hospital [Technical Difficulty] test to see how your heart is functioning, which then directly translates into how is the pumping [ph], or your vessels doing, and how is the electrical system doing, and it’s a very efficient test. The challenge is the current products just actually don’t have the level of specificity or sensitivity, meaning that they can’t always point to a direct interventional action. And the early data, again, to be substantiated with the right approval is that a product like Flurpiridaz can greatly increase the specificity and sensitivity. To your point, it’s not a product that’s used on a SPECT camera. It’s a product that’s used on PET/CT. PET/CT is not widely used in cardiology. If this product were to take off and capture a larger percentage of it, which we believe over time will be the case, it’s going to acquire more PET/CT systems in cardiology or in cooperation with radiology. And so we are quite excited about. I think it’s a great support for cardiovascular care. I know cardiologists have looked at, have been very impressed with it. But we will see how that plays out. We are not counting on any significant ramp right now in our mid-term views. We have, I would say, a reasonable numbers that in some future date post approval, we will talk about. But to your point, with the size of the opportunity, there could be some scenarios where this could end up being a larger piece of the business over time.
Peter Arduini: Yes. Larry thanks. Yes, photon counting, obviously, very exciting technology for CT, really probably the biggest transformation to come to CT in the last 30-some years beyond multi-slice. And it has that opportunity to bring better resolution, reduce dose, but also bring functional capabilities within the CT world, which typically is a great anatomical imager, but doesn’t show what’s happening more to cellular or an organ level. And photon has that capability. There is obviously some other players in the marketplace currently. We have beta sites that are actually running where we are actually doing a lot of work currently. We believe our technology approach, which is the use of a deep silicone is unique in a lot of different ways. But I would just say for the whole broader sector, all of us that are playing in it, I think this is going to be a strong revolution for the whole industry mainly because CT’s ability to be installed in many different places and it’s just ubiquitous use for so many different diagnoses. So, stand by, more to come, we will be talking more about it throughout the year, but we are making good progress on the platform. So, thanks for the question.
Peter Arduini: Yes, Joanne, it’s a great question. And I would say our strategies are evolving. And it will be, in many ways, multi-facet. So, just to give an example, in today’s world, where we have a product like AIR Recon DL, which again is this new way of actually how an MRI actually creates an imaging using artificial intelligence and the corresponding upgrades that we can take to our installed base. Today, those fundamentally result in a higher price value proposition, higher gross margins for an acquisition in that space. And I think there is still going to be plenty of those opportunities to say this product by itself and this product plus AI is actually 4 points, 5 points, 10 points higher in gross margin because of what it actually does. And that will still account for a reasonable part of our growth. The second part then is actually bringing certain capabilities via a SaaS model as their pure standalone software capability. So, take in my prepared remarks, I talked about the App Orchestrator. There is a great example of a product that will be cloud-based, can fit on many different pack systems and work with multi-vendor equipment. And customers may decide that at one hospital or their whole network, they want it. And so they could pay for one on-site capability of SaaS, they could pay for multiple. And then riding upon that will be applications from other third-parties. And we will have an opportunity to say, you will get 70%, we will take 30% as an enabler into our broader installed base in others. And so there is a multifaceted way. I would say in 2024, one of our big operating priorities or big priorities we have is really building out this go-to-market and monetization model. But it’s going to evolve everything from more value to a piece of hardware, which we can actually attain more value for all the way through different – almost down to buy the use capabilities. That – again, that’s going to expand over multiple years, but that’s how we are thinking about it and putting in place the right type of SaaS backbone for the whole company.
Peter Arduini: Yes. Graham, what I actually, I think referenced was over the year, multiple enterprise deals that we won that amount to over $2.5 billion. Our current process is as we bring in significant amounts of orders, we typically don’t book out beyond a 2-year window of our orders. So, we have something that’s captured for 5 years, 6 years, 10 years. We aren’t actually booking years seven – excuse me, 3 years and beyond in our current order book. That’s not our approach that we implement. So, the order we put in the 3% growth are very near-term orders that we won in the fourth quarter that will see play out in ‘24 and in ‘25.
Peter Arduini: I think 5 years is a little bit optimistic. I mean I think I have heard what others have said as well. I think in the 10-year window, that’s probably more realistic. Keep in mind, 85% of all CTs in the world tend to be more mid-tier value-based products. Some of them sell for $200,000, $300,000 in different parts of the world. So, it’s a wide community of what’s in a CT. To your point is on the premium end and stuff, I think in the 5-year window, yes, you are going to see a significant higher percentage of photon counting.
Peter Arduini: Yes. No, it’s a good question. I mean obviously, at the baseline level, as these therapies take off, PET/CT is a critical product. I mean for all practical purposes, it’s a limited world of folks that manufacture a PET/CT and PET/MR. We are one of them. We think to do this effectively, you have to have a multi-head SPECT/CT. We have a 12-head system called the StarGuide. None of our major competitors really have that product. Why is that important, if you have a traditional two-head, it’s an hour to do the study versus you can do it in 15 minutes or less. You can’t run an effective Theranostics department if you don’t have a multi-head camera. So, that’s kind of a stick [ph]. The next thing is you need to integrate those images and look at them together to diagnose, look at radiation dose. Patient might have had external beam radiation. They get radiation from the drug itself. You need to look at both of those. MIM Software is really the best in the world. They are going to be part of us post close. That’s going to bring a missing link. It’s also a capability that really nobody else in the industry has when you couple that with those products. And then on the tracer side, we are the only company who has the equipment and manufacturers of tracers. Others distribute, but there is a big difference between just shipping it around and making it. And so we have the logistics capability. We also have the manufacturing capability. And we also make the cyclotrons, which, again, are particle accelerators that actually help create many of these. So, there is multiple opportunities here either working with some of the pharmaceutical companies directly, playing a leadership role with customers on how you deliver these doses. And I just remind everybody, unlike other drugs where you can just deliver in any center, these products have a half-life, which means the moment you make them, they are degrading. And so how you actually take an order and get it to a patient that day for the right potency is one of the things we have expertise in. So, again, as these grow and what we are excited about is the impact they are going to have on patients, effectiveness and low side effects. We have got most of the capabilities to play different roles throughout the growth of this and that’s what we are planning to do.
Peter Arduini: Patrick, we have benefited from multiyear contracts, been able to actually have escalators on not only just on upfront, but then actually have escalators through the years. And then also, we have parts, significant large parts business as well as time and material. And then the other aspect of it is different services that we offer. It might be asset tracking tools, things of that nature. But I would say we have had the good fortune across the board to be able to get some price across all those different vehicles in service. I would say the other thing, and it’s kind of a given point, but it’s important to note that when services are really one of our highest margin offerings that we have. When you are gaining share, as I mentioned earlier on the call, ultimately, to your point, when you get to month 13, that becomes a service contract. And that higher mix of service over time also is an important driver of our future business. Thanks for that question.
Peter Arduini: Thank you. Thank you. Look, I would just like to close by saying thank you so much to our colleagues here at GE HealthCare. It’s been a great year. There has been a lot of great work and tireless efforts to go into the first year as a public company. But importantly, with all of that, the focus on our patients and customers to deliver safe, high-quality products that make a difference. It’s at the core of our lean mindset is customers first. We delivered on all of our commitments that we set to deliver in 2023 and as Jay and as we spoke about, really sets us up well for 2024. Investments we made in R&D are coming out. We have a full pipeline of new products and new clinical indications. With that, I would just like to say thank you for joining the call today. And we look forward to connecting with you at one of our upcoming conferences. Thank you so much.
