Peter Arduini: Thanks, Carolynne, and thanks to all those joining us today. We've made good progress against our key priorities for 2024. In the first quarter, we delivered margin expansion while continuing to invest in innovation to help solve the evolving needs of customers and patients. Healthy backlog, orders growth and positive book-to-bill position us for accelerated growth for the rest of the year.   Today, we reaffirmed our 2024 guidance, which Jay will discuss in greater detail. Now I'd like to highlight some milestones that illustrate our commercial execution. We're making steady progress with large multiyear multi-modality deals across equipment and service, resulting in incremental share gains. In the U.S., we secured a 10-year strategic alliance with OSF HealthCare to deliver technology, digital solutions and equipment management services to help clinicians improve care delivery and patient outcomes.   We also extended our relationship with Hartford HealthCare to run through 2030. As a trusted partner, we'll continue to work together to optimize their imaging fleet and provide specialized support from our GE Healthcare service technicians. Our care pathway strategy is progressing well, enabling commercial growth opportunities and introducing us to adjacent markets with attractive growth potential.   For example, last week, we announced the expansion of our collaboration with Elekta to enhance their radiation therapy planning offerings using MIM Software, which we acquired in April.   In Spain, we announced the first global install of our Allia IGS Pulse system, which is our market-leading cathlab design that we expect will be a growth vehicle in this important interventional cardiology market.   As we look to 2024, we see a growing funnel of opportunities for products like our IGS portfolio. Our strategic initiatives and trusted partnerships are taking hold and position us well for a future where health care is more connected, efficient and patient-centric. Looking ahead, our outlook reflects a strong global procedure environment, particularly in the United States, and customers continue to be optimistic about capital investment and market normalization. These tailwinds, combined with our focus on execution, give us confidence in our ability to deliver on our commitments for 2024 and our medium-term goals.   Now I'll pass it on to Jay who will take us through the details of our first quarter performance. Jay? 1839991191. 
Peter Arduini: Yes, absolutely. I would just kind of start out to say from that standpoint is just remember, we talked about the compare with our toughest one of the year. So obviously, it gets better throughout the year. We talked about that in our guidance. But really, Q1 was impacted by -- fundamentally, it was 2 items. And Jay touched this on the prepared remarks. One was some fulfillment delays in PCS. I think we've got those well in hand to have them resolved by midyear. I think that's the first part of this. There were specific items, us about technology and more about actually delivery of the components. And then the China piece. And again, we know that anticorruption presents a challenging environment, and we expected that to play out through midyear.   I mean those are really the 2 items. If I look at the U.S. specifically, we actually are seeing a more positive backdrop relative to orders funnel, relative to growth potential and really across all of our businesses. And I'd just say ultrasound, I talked a lot just on the call here about new products. 2023 market was somewhat down for the whole market in ultrasound.   We see that actually turning around in '24. And so the timing of our new product introductions is very good as well as in imaging. So I'm rather confident on how we're going to see the capital landscape and the market evolve within the United States. But relative to the quarter, it was those 2 specific items that dampened our top line. 
Peter Arduini: Yes. Great. Thanks. Let me comment and Jay, you can jump in as well on this. So we've got a very solid backlog for our imaging business. I think we feel quite good about the diversity of it, the mix of it and it actually being growing with price in the back. And then new platforming capabilities that are coming in like our IGS system, our new cath lab, which will come in and actually bring better margins. So it's positioned well from that standpoint.   We think the profile is going to be more second half just as we've communicated. There hasn't been a lot. We're going to clearly see a pickup in the second quarter but the majority of it is more profiled out towards Q3 and Q4. And again, that really hasn't changed from what we've laid out our initial guidance on. I would say from a broader order standpoint, we expect that we will see an uptick in broader imaging orders both in Q2, 3 and 4.  Most likely having a larger step-up in the second half. And some of that's tied to the China stimulus discussion that we had from an order standpoint. But even the U.S. profile, when you take a look at the products that we've got laid out, some of the big deals that we have visibility into the pipeline, they're probably going to nest more so in that second half of the year. 
Peter Arduini: Yes. So look, the data is unveiling as we speak. So I think we don't have perfect information on it. But I think if you look at since our guidance, what is new is obviously, not anticorruption, that's out there. And it's going to continue, we believe, to be tough through mid-year as we said before, we believe that that's going to continue to begin to improve in the second half.   What is new is the stimulus. And from our understanding of it, the prior stimulus was more about low interest rates or relief relative to loans, where this will actually be specific cash grants, which then would reach a larger group of institutions that aren't just looking for loans but are looking for supplemental dollars to buy equipment. So we think that, obviously, opens us up to a larger population.  The second piece to that then as well is that its ability to be multiyear. And so we'll see how that ultimately plays out. But those are the 2 characteristics. Relative to the rollout of it, I would say what we did see at the end of the first quarter is actually a little bit of tapping of the brakes of some orders in China relative to stimulus coming in and you say, "Well, why would that be?"   Customers taking a look at to say, "I really want to understand the rules of it. So when I submit an order, I make sure I get the full benefit of the stimulus." So we believe that there's going to be clarity to the stimulus rules, so to speak, at some point here in Q2 and post those rules. Then we would expect an uptake in orders. And then how that plays out, if the orders come sooner, there's more possibility for sales within the year.   If the orders come later, businesses like ultrasound that you can do flow shipments, most likely would benefit sooner. Whereas installed products would probably be a little bit later. But net-net, this is all positive and kind of how we see the landscape as we speak right now. 
Peter Arduini: Yes. Look, I mean Flurpiridaz, if it's your reference, is an agent that's in our PDx business that will be used for cardiac imaging and PET/CT. We think it's going to be a really breakthrough approach to be able to do cardiac perfusion imaging and PET/CT. And a lot of it, as you know, is tied to logistics, the half-life and the ability to ship a product there as opposed to have to generate it in fundamentally seconds on site.  File has been submitted to the FDA, and we'll provide updates here on the milestones. I think from what I hear from the team, we have everything in. We're not assuming anything within our 24 guidance. I mean this will be more of a '25, '26, '27 event as those ramp up. But all things good, and we'll be waiting to hear back from the agency, if there's any questions or follow-ups that they have for us. 
Peter Arduini: So maybe I'll start. Then Jay, you can talk a little bit more about some of the book-to-bill and the cadence. But look, as I walked through just a minute ago, the impact for the first quarter, including the difficult comp, we expect that to alleviate through the year, which, again, gives us strong confidence in our ability to hit our guidance. And again, 4 things. The comps get better quarter-over-quarter. Funnel growing on orders and sales. We have good visibility into, including our service funnel. So how does service grow?  When you won share in a previous year, you have 1 year of warranty. When it comes off of warranty, it becomes part of a contract. We're starting to see the benefit of that service growth now in '24. Three, the new products against across the whole product line, but particularly in ultrasound and select areas in Imaging to new products and then an improving China. So that's really the 4 items that kind of gives us confidence. Jay, maybe over to you to talk a little bit how we think about book-to-bill and price. 
Peter Arduini: Yes, Craig, thanks for the question. It's a great question. Look, the reality of it is, is that over the last year plus, 1.5 years, we've actually had a positive book-to-bill ratio again. And we give that ratio with everything in, so that you can see not just the capital piece, but you kind of get a feel for the total composite of it.  I think as long as that is a positive scenario and the backlog is almost about $1 billion higher than where it was pre-COVID, we've got a lot of gas in the tank to deliver on mid-single-digit revenue growth. So that's just kind of how the profile of this works. And I think you guys understand with some of the capital that can be lumpy.  So shipments tend to be a little bit smoother, but you can pick up significant and a couple of large IDN deals in a given quarter, and your orders can spike up in that quarter and that can be lower in the following quarter. But that's kind of how we see it from that standpoint.  The interesting part here is that over the last, I'd say, 12, 18 months, the markets that we've played in and we track these with third-party data, have been probably in the neighborhood of only up 1 point or they've been down a couple of points, relative to different markets in the world. Our outlook, when we see what the rest of this year is and going into '25, definitely brings a more positive view, which we would expect to see orders pick up relative to those markets. So that's one aspect of it.  The other side is when you start winning share, and I mentioned this on a previous comment, and you start growing your installed base. The opportunity for the service revenue to play a bigger contributing component in revenue is there. So you saw this quarter, we actually had positive growth within our service component. We would expect that growth rate to continue to advance, grow faster than it did in the first quarter this year, which means in the second half, we have more service contributing to the growth.  That service is already in the backlog, and so we have visibility into it. So it's a host of those things. And then obviously, the typical thing. 6 new product launches in ultrasound. We just refreshed the cardiac platform. We just refreshed the Voluson Women's Health care platform, handheld, first cath lab that I would say that we've had in quite some time that is very competitive. Its robotic platform with new tube at CT platform, which is doing well. New wider for MR, our new treaty. All of those then turn around into faster growth in a faster-growing market but also winning some share. So that's -- those are the pieces that give us confidence.  But again, I think when you look at our backlog compared to what we need to deliver on mid-single-digit growth, we've got plenty of gas in the tank on that just over the next couple of years. But we would expect to see our orders growth pick up. And my expectation here is in the second half, we're going to start seeing that pick up in that mid-single-digit range. And again, not every quarter will be consistent, but how that will play out over multiple quarters will be in that range. 
Peter Arduini: Yes. Let me start and then, Jay, you can kind of fill in some of the gaps on this. I think again, if you compare it to over a year ago, you're taking a look at an environment where hospitals were primarily in the red, heavily tied to labor cost. We're seeing that moderate and most of our customers, particularly our big important IDNs back in the black. So I think that's a quarterly. Relative to rates, it's obviously out there. It's a topic. We haven't really seen it come up in a major discussion that's limiting how things are playing out.  I still think the underlying play here is that demand for procedures is just still on continuing to grow. So if you think about some of our peer group of the device companies that are showing very high growth rates in their implants, we're showing that same kind of growth in our PDx business because we see that day-to-day. The effect of that on equipment isn't in that same quarter. The effect on the equipment is usually 3 to 4 quarters out. Why is that? Because you're using current equipment, and then you start adding capacity constraints and you need to buy upgrades or new equipment.  And so that's what also gives us confidence that we're going to see that pick up in later quarters. But at this point in time, backlogs to get an MR scan or a PET still are much longer than they were pre-COVID. And that brings high-value procedures with into an institution. And again, that's what gives us confidence we're going to continue to see investments that take place, particularly in the United States. Jay, I don't know the price. 
Peter Arduini: Yes. I mean, Larry, the only thing I would add is from our guide, not a lot has changed. The first half, we guided would be negative. The second half will be positive. I think in the second half, the STEM is going to have an effect of probably having a bigger step up in Q4 than Q3 just because of the delivery time to ship equipment.  If it gets more clarified within Q2, and you could actually have a little bit sooner. But I think those are the dynamics. I think the good part is, even if it's later, that then benefits a Q1 '25 or Q2 '25, but we're expecting that there's going to be clarity here before we get into the half, and we'll see how that plays out. So fundamentally, our guidance doesn't change, but stimulus could have a benefit to it. But at this point in time, we need to see more of the cards be unveiled. 
Peter Arduini: Yes. Look, Larry, I would just say on your last point on robotics, it's not a -- from a surgical standpoint, it's not a top priority focus for us. I think from a broader standpoint of robotics and AI. And I mentioned our Allia IGS is actually a robot that actually comes into position and how it's used, it's one of the only that's actually used within the cath lab from that standpoint.  But tuck-in deals of the right size that have a strategic fit into a core business that enable us to connect different parts of our portfolio to bring more differentiated capability. That's what we're looking at, both in partnership and in acquisitions. So I think that's what you should stay focused on that, that is our primary target. And as we've always said, a larger deal came up, it actually was a really good fit for us, we would obviously take a look at it.  But our 85%, 90% target range is the type of deals like the MIM deal that we did that are just really good fits into one, our priorities, right, growing our care pathway within Oncology, linking our products to make them more differentiated on how they actually work together. And we just have a very good funnel of opportunities like those. 
Peter Arduini: Yes, Ryan. So you heard Jay's comments probably on the call. Relatively, we saw some slight upticks here for Vizamyl. I would just again remind everyone what we said is our expectation was that we'll start seeing some uptick more in the second half of the year. I think that's pretty much in line with what we're expecting. I think since we gave guidance, there's been some discussions that the Lilly drug might be a little bit delayed coming out. But when the combination of all of those from a diagnostic standpoint, which is what our role is, we expect to see some of that picking up in the second half of the year.  Now relative to any type of major material moves, this is not a '24 play as far as we see it right now. I think we think that, again, in the '25, '26, '27range based on the adoption of both molecules, that's when you're going to see an uptick. There is reimbursement now for the agent in the outpatient center. That's still being worked through an inpatient. And I think as that gets more cleared up, that's also going to drive more need for the product. But we were encouraged to see on a ratio standpoint, the numbers are up significantly from an actual dose standpoint. But we would view that as positive and on track to what we've already communicated on what the ramp should look like during the year. 
Peter Arduini: Ryan, I would just say and again, just to remind everyone, I mean our focus on the increased R&D dollars is obviously new products. But a really important part of it is kind of doing this gross margin triple, which is getting price out of a new product, increased volume because of differentiated features and reducing the actual cost of that product because of platforming. And so when you do that, obviously, if you can get the growth in the lift because of people want it's differentiated, you get more price at lower cost. We have this focus as we mentioned, that any new product comes out at a higher gross margin. And again, that's something we drive across the whole portfolio. 
Peter Arduini: Yes. I think, Graham, I mean, it's a little bit more of the same. I mean, the first part is, again, the markets that we participate in around the world over the last 18 months coming out of COVID, have either been roughly flat or slightly down. We see that trend over the next 2 years.  Again, a lot of it tied to this lagging indication that the more actually procedures are growing, more patients are coming into the systems. You need more things that we make. So that's a really important one. And again, I think across all of our markets this year, we'll actually see an uptick over the '23 window. The new NPIs is a big deal. And so again, that adds some pricing growth. It also adds to some share gains with it. And then services.  So we have been gaining some share in the last couple of years. Our prior 78%, we haven't probably gained as much. When you do that, you start growing your service base and service becomes a bigger contributor within your overall capabilities. And then the last part is these care pathway here is that we've been nurturing start to bring more growth in the next year or so.  Again, from how Alzheimer's we talked about, the cardiovascular care pathways and how products work together, but even a product like Flurpiridaz, those are some of the things that we take a look at, that will continue to kind of drive a focus on mid-single-digit growth in orders that will then translate that into revenue. And then based on timing, you may be slightly higher or lower in a given quarter, but that's the formula that we're executing on. 
Peter Arduini: Thank you, operator. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Hopefully, we addressed your questions. We've got all the right pieces in place here to deliver on our annual guidance that we've laid out, and we look forward to connecting with each of you and some upcoming calls or conferences in the next few months.  Thank you very much. 
James Saccaro: Sure. From a book-to-bill standpoint, you have to recall that we include in our book-to-bill calculation, both service and PDx coming in at 1:1. So if we were to adjust those 2 items out, the actual book-to-bill is much higher. So we feel good about the overall book-to-bill that we have for the quarter. The other thing I would say is the backlog sits at near record levels. So we're sitting at roughly $19 billion of backlog.  We feel very good about the orders that we have in the backlog. It's a robust pipeline of future sales that we have in place. So overall, that's great. And then as we think about pricing, the pricing environment continues to be solid. We highlighted at the beginning of the year, we expect 1% to 2% in pricing impact to sales. And we're trending very much in line with those expectations. So we had a good quarter from a pricing standpoint.  From a volume standpoint, I think Pete highlighted some temporary issues that we've been navigating which we expect to resolve. The other thing to remember is that comps get a lot easier as we move through the rest of the year. So I think all of those elements come into play as we were able to firmly reiterate guidance from a sales and an EPS standpoint. 
James Saccaro: That's exactly right. I think -- and we do a survey each quarter. Pete's comments are very reflective of what we heard from our customers, continued procedure volume demand, staffing shortages, ease, good economics for the hospitals. Interest rates really have played a less prominent role in some of those discussions and survey results. So we feel quite good about that.  From a pricing standpoint, as I said, we've talked about -- we're talking about low single digit, 1%, 2% price increases. And what we're finding is that's not the difference between buying and not buying. It's not really -- the decisions aren't that sensitive. And so as we continue to emphasize this focus on pricing discipline across the organization, we've been able to see that driving a positive impact for the company. 
James Saccaro: Yes. I think it will depend upon when the details of the stimulus package are laid out. Because as Pete said earlier, we did see some hesitancy amongst customers as they wait clarity on the stimulus rules before submitting orders and that makes complete sense to me. We've seen that continue in the second quarter of the year. And so from our standpoint, the stimulus package, Larry, we view that as a good long-term catalyst for the market. Exactly when that shapes up with respect to 2024 is something that we're watching.  To the extent that we get clarity sooner, then it certainly could be a positive catalyst versus guidance previous to the extent that we're still waiting and there's still hesitancy amongst customers with respect to orders, it could be a sort of a negative in the short term. But again, I think from our standpoint, we're very pleased to learn about this. And long term, it's a very positive development for the overall market. 
James Saccaro: Well, there's a couple of different views out there. There's a larger stimulus number that's in the trillions of yen that's touching multi-industry and that is money that actually is kind of stipend dollars, if you will, that will go to particular areas within health care and other industries. So what that direct distribution looks like it's a big number. That's more of what we're actually referencing.  And so again, if you compare it to the previous stimulus, which was interest-free loans, this is portrayed laid out to actually be dollars that will be granted to actually buy equipment. And again, so we believe that will have a larger appeal because by definition, many customers weren't even going for a loan. So this opens up the field for that and it also is being expressed at this point to be not a 90-day or 120-day window, but to be a multiyear approach.  So again, more to come and see what the details are on it, but from when we gave guidance to start the year, this is net-net positive, really any way you look at it from a China outlook. And we'll see what it means for this year. But clearly, if implemented the way it's described, it will have a bigger impact as well going into next year. 
James Saccaro: Yes. And just at the highest level, Matt, I do think we have easing comps throughout the year, and I think that's supportive of the accelerated growth profile at a GE HealthCare level. With respect to PCS, we'll see accelerating growth as we move forward here, with the second half of the year, more similar to growth rates that we saw last year. And as we resolve some of the bottlenecks in the second quarter, we'll see some level of improved growth. But then again, more of those benefits will accrue to the second half of the year. 
James Saccaro: From a second quarter standpoint, we're looking at low single digits on the sales and continued -- we'll see a reasonable expansion versus the prior year. So -- and that will actually, the first quarter is the lowest quarter of the year. So we'll see a little bit more sequential margin expansion more similar to year-over-year improvements versus last year, similar to what we saw in the first quarter. So I don't have the -- we don't talk about consensus. We don't get into that. But I think those are the dimensions that are in play in the second quarter. 
