Rick Klingensmith: As bill mentioned, Greg, the major affect for us next year is the revenue change that comes as a result of the REO ED-1 implementation on April 1. So that's what's really driving the earnings downward as compared to this year's $1.38, offsetting that we'll see some lower U.S. and UK income taxes. As Vince had mentioned about some of the cash repatriations and the restructuring that we just went through we'll see a benefit within our earnings next year for that. With the hedging that we did on the currency side, we're seeing some benefits as well when next year's earnings to help offset and mitigate the revenue decline as a result of the REO ED-1. And so the $1.36 that we’re forecasting for next year incorporates the decline as well as some of the upsides that we're seeing from tax and currency as well.
Rick Klingensmith: Sure. The expectation was exactly that because when we provided that guidance earlier this year we had completed our year and which is the end of March and so we knew what the results were, we just had to go through an audit process to be able to confirm and ensure that the results were accurate. And so what we have in our midpoint for next year was exactly that 130 million as we move forward.
Rick Klingensmith: Sure, Paul, for 2015, we're at 98% hedged at a 163 rate and so that was included in our guidance for 2015 and then for 2016 which we've given you guidance on as well, we're 55% hedged at a $1.64 per pound rates.
Rick Klingensmith: We're in the process of putting together our plans for the next couple of years and I would expect that will continue to feel the environmental pressures particularly in the landfill slide so I would anticipate to the additional expenditures on the environmental side. And in addition, while we did postpone the Green River facility from 2018, we probably will have to bring that back in some time 2021. So we would look at additional expense in the latter part of the period as well. And frankly just given the state of play, I'm confident the environmental requirements are going to go up.
Rick Klingensmith: As Vince mentioned in his remarks, we've done a restructuring reorganization of our -- primarily our UK holding company organization. And as you know, we operate the WPD business as one business all for distribution network, operating companies. But in the past, we have had two legal entity structures; the legacy, the Southwest and the South Wales business came up through one legal entity structure and the new Midlands businesses came up through a parallel but a separate legal entity structure. And so what we've been able to accomplish here at the end of October is to bring that within a single UK holding company structure. And so that actually provides for a financially stronger holding company that should be better positioned for future debt issuances and re-financings that we now need to do out of the holding company. It also sort of simplifies the group structure for other third parties, the credit rating agencies, the banks and other entities as well. We do see some benefits internally, it helps us with cash management, regulatory reporting and some administrative elements and so we’re quite pleased with the reorganization that we just accomplished for this stage. As we look to future cash repatriation, there was a side benefit in that we did within the planning of this combination, significant looks at and reviews of our cash repatriation needs for the future and how we can bring them back in a tax efficient manner. And not have higher incremental U.S. taxes under the new structure and we were successful in being able to lower our effective tax rates out into the future as compared to this year and even the average that we have had for the last few years. So we were not only from a business standpoint improving the structure, but we were also able to bring back the levels of cash that we've forecasted in the past and that we have commented on and provided you the numbers in the past. We'll be able to do that more tax efficiently than we had expected as well.
Rick Klingensmith: Well is 17 million higher on a regulatory year basis and again that will start on April 1st as well, so that $130 million will be coming in and starting within that period of time. The fiscal year on fiscal year difference between 2014 and 2015 is not as great, but it absolutely helps mitigate the revenue short fall or the revenue decline that we’re seeing in 2015. What's also helping is I had mentioned earlier is that we're seeing lower taxes -- tax expense, so that’s helpful. We’re seeing a benefit from the currency hedging that we had put into place where we're 98% hedged at a $1.63 per pound rate, so that’s how to mitigate the decline in revenue for next year.
Rick Klingensmith: With regards to some of the specifics around the tax efficiency that we're seeing, I'll give you some numbers and we think about in an effective tax rate areas. In the past couple of years, 2013 our effective tax rate was about 20%. This year as Vince had mentioned we’re seeing some higher tax on our cash repatriation and this restructuring, we’re going to be slightly over 23% this year on the effective tax rate As we go out into future, we're going to see an effective tax rate that averages slightly less than 18%. So we're seeing some benefits out into the future, those benefits were included in the '15 and '16 guidance because we had already had plans in place for how to mitigate the REO and the revenue changes that were coming along and this will help us is further out past that period of time when we can average a lower effective tax rate than what we were expecting out in that period.
Rick Klingensmith: Probably not through the entire 7-year view review, but at least through the next five years, 8-year review, I should say. But at least through the next five years that we've gone out in our calculations and our plans.
Rick Klingensmith: For 2015 and 2016, that is correct. And the second part of your question deal with how does it flow-through earnings from a UK regulated segment, we not only report the earnings that we translate and received from WPD from the UK, but then we also incorporated and include the domestic effects which include some overhead costs here at PPL, but also include the U.S. tax expense on class repatriation. And so the UK regulated segment just in its normal reporting process will incorporate whatever costs there are or whatever benefits there are within our earnings.
Rick Klingensmith: They include both the UK and the U.S. tax effects that is correct. That’s a combined effective tax rate.
Paul Farr: In '15, Greg, the built just went through '14 and '15 it's really all looking at the improved spark spread that we’re seeing in the market. So we've seen as you can look at the market pricing that we gave you in Q2 versus Q3, natural gas prices are off but spark spread grew pretty dramatically. So that level of output will basically put us on par to achieve something pretty comparable to the gas performance in calendar 2014.
Paul Farr: On the Talen Energy side, we really split that. If you think back to the June 10th presentation, $85 million in headquarters and services costs, $60 million in operations think about as a plan for $10 million for margin in the HQ and services. So even though we haven't been able to work extremely closely with the Riverstone folks because of anti-trust reasons as we go through the approval processes that are well underway. From the diligence that we did, the yearly dialogue that we did, we have a very good idea in terms of the plans where we can get the 60 that will well underway into achieving -- the headquarters and services it's really just looking at setting up from a bottoms up perspective. The HQ for Talen Energy relative to the level of costs that PPL charges the supply business today, again, I feel really good about the capability to achieve that $85 million and another $10 million in marketing with the way that Riverstone hedges their plans versus the more dynamic way that we manage our portfolio, we feel good about that as well. I would hope there would be additional opportunities as we're able to get into supply chain, IT, some other activities when we're able to be more involved with that fleet. But today we're doing it based upon the best information that we've got, but we do feel good about where we're.
Paul Farr: As Bill indicated in the prepared remarks, upto three low pressure turbines that are on each of the units. In the unit one outage this past spring we replaced one of the three that would be the one that had the most issues since we've been discovering the issue that we've got with the blades. On unit two, we replaced that one as well as another so we'll replace two of the three LP turbine with the lower blades next spring on unit two. The third turbine on each of the units, we haven't seen any major issues with. So in our business plan for next year we have got the plant refueling outage and blade modification outage for unit two. We do not have an incremental outage factored in for unit one because we think based upon the data we're seeing on those turbines, that we will be able to make it through two, the refueling outage in spring of 2016 where we'd replace the other two turbines with a lower blades and that will pretty much take care. We have one unit left in spring of '17 but we don't think we are going to need to have interim outages on the units following the spring -- for spring refill next year.
Paul Farr: Yes, I would say, Dan, that a lot of those projects that are being built are not projects that would qualify for the CP product, so we typically stick with single few, no storage capability, no gas transmission, so there will be a limited impact in terms of the CP outcome. 
Paul Farr: I think you might have asked two questions there. So on our dual fuel oil and gas unit, any of your units can (indiscernible) it would qualify. For example, our Martins Creek facility would qualify where Ironwood and Lower Mount Bethel would not except for the extent that we can locate storage and get firm gas transition if we can for either all or partial of those facilities those may qualify. But we do expect there's going to be limited capability in the market to be able to deliver much product along those lines. When we think about the level of CapEx spend that we've driven out of the coal plants, there may be some modest increments to deal with the penalty exposure depending upon how that gets quantified but I wouldn't look from the PPL plan perspective at Montour (indiscernible) but those will be material cost increases.
Paul Farr: If we replace two of the three were actually flat. If you replace one and there's actually a minor uplift because we get more output in the summer, we're generator [ph] limited in the winter. Replacing the second one puts us back to flat and then the third one would be it's less than 10 MW per unit that would be impacted if all three are ultimately changed out.
Paul Farr: When you think about the numbers that we have provided on the supply side for PPL, I think you can get a reasonable calculation of the uplift. We have not been getting details up pace in terms of hedging, modeling parameters from the Riverstone folks. Again we’re competitive with them until we get through the anti-trust regulatory approval process with DOJ so we can to certain regulations but we’re not prepared to provide an update to EBITDA today.
Paul Farr: I don't think it changes our view of (indiscernible) assessment of market power and how they're going to test us in any meaningful way. So we feel as comfortable as we did before he has made comments similar to this, the outer units, some of them are a bit more mitigated in nature. But these same assets tend to have approved for their transaction processes. So we’re -- again nothing surprising by way of what he said for the analysis behind it, it's hard to perfectly predict that we very currently think that we fully meet FERCs requirement with either of the two packages that we proposed.
Paul Farr: I think FERC should act by year end, hopefully by mid-December type timeframe, as are just reading the tea leaves now and then the DOJ would be sometime in mid-January to mid-February given the process.
Paul Farr: The thought process there is one for hydro the next few weeks we move forward to the North Western [ph]. We will be optimizing our cost to cost structure to deal with the smaller asset mix. We would plan on continuing to run the four units at that Colstrip. We had previously communicated the plant to shut down come spring which is still the plan. So we will continue to run the assets there, the positive cash flow units to the extent that another party has a view to create a capability for us to exit at the value that represents our fundamental reevaluations, that’s something that we can entertain not unlike that we did with hydros.
Paul Farr: You started off right in terms of your bridge too far. I will be down there today with one of the coalitions in front of the Board making our very strong points that when you look at the fact that roughly more than half of the coal-fired generation in PJM earns no economic return and it's flat to negative cash flow that they completely unsustainable situation. If we just look at what at our units (indiscernible) while they are positive cash flow, from the '09 - '10 period we went from just under $200 a megawatt a day to a little under a $120 a megawatt a day in the 17-18 [ph] auction. We've gone from 80% plus capacity factors over that time frame to less than 50 and the amount that we're earning for every megawatt hour that we produce is getting closer to being the variable cost of production. So it's a very challenging situation for the coal plant. On the Talen side, we're not going to live with scenarios where any one of the plant subsidizes other facilities. And I think other companies are resolutely in the same spot. So we find as a system to provide the right levels of revenue to ensure that these assets remained in the marketplace and are reliable or we’re going to see an accelerated -- even for units that are in place, significant legacy investments and complying with care and with max [ph]. You’re going to see more of those facilities shut down and have the system become more volatile. So because only when more gas is going to get built, as Bill indicated in earlier remarks and Vince did, in Q3 we had less than 30% capacity factors on our coal units. It worked out fine because we can buy product back from the market and satisfy hedges at net prices losing money at peak but gaining in off-peak less than we can produce it for but over the long term that’s unsustainable and our gas plants are running at base loads. So that's why obviously you're seeing D Rate [ph] expansion that you're seeing in '15, in '16 it's starting with less liquidity there, but some of the market value the units. And if the answer is yes then we need a durable, sustainable revenue stream to these plants because this is new capital going in. This isn't O&M that they are asking for in terms of reliability and people have been really cutting back capital in the facilities and it's very difficult to actually today to predict reliability. So that risk reward as well on the penalty side has to be balanced as several companies are going to need to play some relatively material investments in the plan to get them to the level that avoids penalty structures.
Paul Farr: No, there wouldn't -- to the extent we decides to build something while we’ve to go through our normal triennial process to ensure we don't have market power for that purpose from a market monitor perspective if we build, that's different than buying which creates kind of an immediate tests. So we will be okay on the build side, I believe in this area. We have an existing site at Martin's Creek, that's buildable and dual fuel. We're still looking at very seriously the ability to gasify Brunner Island to the extent that we did that beside that pipe could also handle CCBT [ph] at that site, we’re very close by. So we've got a couple of sites ready to go in PJM as well as two of the three sites in Texas are expandable as well if we see the right price signals and the right fundamental there.
Paul Farr: In '15 versus '16 we've got reversion and spark spreads, we've got only a very small portion of the year that we've got the correct facility available. So it's market drivers and not having correct available and the mix and any further step [ph] all the way from '14 to '15 to '16 you’ve got the 3 million -- 3.5 million megawatt hours of hydro also disappearing through that time period as well.
Paul Farr: That's all base load, so you'll see what's happening in the spark spread, at the bottom, the dark spread at the top.
Bill Spence: Sure. Maybe I'll ask Vince to comment on the PPL Corp side and then Paul can comment on the Talen Energy side. Go ahead, Vince.
Bill Spence: And they can be accomplished -- those retrofits if you will within our normal refueling outage timeframe. So it's not going to increase the outage, the normal outage scheduled. We can fit it with insight that window.
Bill Spence: That’s really run through the PJM planning process and obviously PPL on our transmission side we’re part of that process, but I think there is ongoing interest in building new natural gas plants, but I wouldn't say that current capacity potential upside or lower gas prices are driving it much more significant than we had saw in the past. I think a number of the developers that started these projects anticipated improving fundamentals and we’re already preparing for a lot of this not necessarily the PJM capacity price construct change, but time I guess will tell through the PJM process as to how much incremental interest we see.
Bill Spence: There would be a very limited D Rate only during certain periods of the year so not really material in the long run. So, yes there would be a small D Rate with the shorter blades.
Bill Spence: Yes until we provide our earnings update at the end of the year in January, I'll refrain from that. We’re still going through our normal business planning process and looking at O&M and CapEx and fuel and the hedges. We're as prices have improved here recently including very recently with the uplifts in '15, we've and even '16 we've been hedging more. So I would be giving you information that would be outside of the 930 numbers that are in the market prices and hegding data that we provided in the deck, So I think we will refrain today.
Bill Spence: We don't have any quantification of that. And as you kind of mentioned, it is really hard to calculate something like that given the complex nature of his comments and the way some of those kind of work when you say together, but some work in one direction and some go the other way. So it's kind of hard to assess that type of thought process they are. So we have not quantified it, what it might mean.
Bill Spence: Well I guess it remains to be seen, but we haven't gotten the full details from the prospective Governor on his energy plan totally. I think there has been some comments made about taxes on shale gas, but as it relates to Reggie, kind of remains to be seen. I think the other question is whether it would require legislation to make it happen or not and if so and that might be a tough thing to gets.
Bill Spence: Sure. We’re in the midst of our financial planning process right now and we're going to be looking to optimize the current plant that we’ve by year-end and so far we don't see anything at the moment that would suggest we can't grow earnings by at least the 4% annually that we've communicated previously. Of course we hope to improve upon that and we will be providing an update on earnings growth projections on the year-end earnings call. So, expect on the next call that we will give you some additional flavor on that.
Bill Spence: I would just add that as proposed, the capacity construct would be a net positive a significant positive to the overall Talen Energy fleets given a significant levels of base load that we have with firm fuel. So it obviously includes nuclear and the coal assets as well as any dual fuel. So given the characteristics of our portfolio, this would be a significant potential upside to the Talen Energy fleet.
Bill Spence: Well we provided CapEx plans for five years so I think you can -- and rate based growth. So I think at least that far out you can see pretty clearly where that growth is going to come from. The transmission and distribution systems are aging. We're replacing a lot of that aging equipment with newer technology, so I think much of that is going to continue on even beyond the five-year program and plan. And we're going to be providing 2019 numbers on the yearend earnings call. So you get at least another additional year at that point. I'll ask Rick and Greg to comment for both Kentucky and Pennsylvania to maybe supplement anything there.
Bill Spence: And I think our largest growth opportunity in Pennsylvania is the Compass Program, that 725 mile transmission lines so to the extent that is ultimately approved, that would be I think a very large and meaningful project for Pennsylvania and for Greg's business.
Bill Spence: Not really, Steve, most of the benefits of 2014 are coming from the supply segment as we talked about a little bit improvement on the WPD side in the UK. But the bulk of the outperformance in 2014 has been on the competitive gen side.
Bill Spence: Yes so Corette won't be able to meet and MATS [ph] come spring at last year on any type of economic basis that we see today. So, we just simply can't meet the SO2, mercury requirements for that facility in an economic fashion, so it's going to be shut.
Bill Spence: Thank you Jonathan and thanks to everyone for joining the call and look forward to your questions and comments on our year-end call. Thank you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple of easy questions here, first of all, in the UK can you just quantify for us what the revenue roll off in 2015 is related to implementation of REO in the spring and if I heard correctly the step up and bonus revenue is just 17 million, but I didn't hear the first piece about the roll off.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And then the last thing on coal for the Montana fleet, the 2016 data assumes a reasonable uptick in the coal pricing. Just curious for the driver of that given how weak PRB prices have been recently.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: So it leads to lower O&M at supply a little bit in '16 over '15 as you’ve fewer megawatts but also obviously the loss margin.
