William H. Spence: Thank you, Vince. 2016 was a very good year and I'm proud of PPL's many accomplishments in 2016. And I'm equally excited about our future, as we continue and advance a smarter, cleaner, and more reliable energy infrastructure. At the outset of the year, we established our earnings forecast. In the end, we delivered, achieving the high end of that forecast range. As 2016 began, we said we would begin to grow our dividend more meaningfully in 2017. Today, we have delivered, announcing a 4% dividend increase. We established also a plan to invest more than $3 billion in infrastructure improvements in 2016. Again, we delivered. It's what we do, we deliver. And looking ahead, we are very well-positioned to continue to deliver on the commitments we've made to our shareowners and customers. PPL is uniquely advantaged with operations in the UK, with only half of our earnings subject to potential U.S. tax reform, and our ability to optimize the capital structure relative to interest deductibility. And as Vince noted in his remarks, we believed we are now positively positioned with the company's exposure to the British pound, given our hedging activity to-date which could also be used to mitigate any potential negative impacts of U.S. tax reform. On that note, I want to thank you for participating in today's call. And operator, let's open the call for questions, please.
William H. Spence: I don't think our strategy would change much even in the face of tax reform. I think the capital deployment might get a little bit higher, again, depending on how the 100% expensing goes. But I think overall, the capital structure and the credit metrics that we currently are targeting would still be pretty much the same.
William H. Spence: Yeah. So, there is room on some of the hedges. The more recent hedges we put on are straight swaps, so there's less flexibility there. But obviously, with the open position for the remainder of 2019 and 2020 now, that would be upside and then, of course, longer term as we see how Brexit turns out. And hopefully, with the rising pound, we have the ability to lock in 2020 and beyond at higher than $1.30. I think we've talked on previous calls, the 20-year average prior to Brexit was above $1.50, so closer to $1.60. So, there's room to grow there and certainly exposure to the upside for us.
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll ask Vic Staffieri, the President and Chairman of our Kentucky Utilities, to answer that one.
William H. Spence: Sure. I don't think reliability would be at risk at all, but I'll let Robert Symons, the CEO of our UK operation answer that question.
William H. Spence: That's a good question. I'm not sure that we have that right off the top of our heads. So, we'll have to follow up with you on that. Sorry.
William H. Spence: Sure. So I'll start and I'll let Vince follow up. But as you may recall, with the UK holding company we can lever up to 85% and still maintain investment grade credit ratings. So that's the kind of upper limit. We're right now in the kind of mid-to-upper 70%, so we have that level of headroom to go up to 85%. So, I don't know if you had any other comments, Vince.
William H. Spence: Okay, operator, I think that's all the questions in the queue. So, I'm just going to close now and say thanks everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you in a couple of months on our first quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So I think the big holdback in 2017 is putting the restrikes into the plan. And so, we put a nickel of restrikes in the plan to basically continue to de-risk. And as I said, four of the $0.05 we've already executed on that.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: No. So if the tax rate goes from 35% to 20%, the $1.13 which is our breakeven to get to a 100% hedged through 2020 on the slide, that would go to $1.07.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Just to clarify because I know we kind of went through that quickly, but the reason for that is the hedge levels would go up in the top part. So, the 87% goes to 100% and the 50% and 19% goes to 70%.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Potentially, I mean, at 20% we're basically the same rate as in the UK as well, and that's $0.05 that Bill talked about. So the impact of maintaining deductibility, but going from 35% to 20% at $0.15 loss in tax yield is basically a nickel and we think we can manage that with the strategies Bill talked about.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, a tax holiday really benefits those U.S. companies that are sitting on a pile of cash offshore. That's not our situation. As you know, we invest our cash into the business. And so, really the financing of the capital structure in the UK is what enables us to fuel that growth in the UK and then distribute some cash back to the U.S. I wouldn't see us necessarily modifying that, but once the final rules come out for U.S. tax reform, we'll look at what the best economic answer is overall for the corporation, and then determine really where we want to finance. We still have the ability to increase our financing in the UK and dividend more than, say, the 100% to 200% (32:04) that we have in the plan tax free. And so, we would certainly have the ability to do that, but really until the rules come out, I can't tell you how we're going to modify that.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Just to add to that, I think the $350 million that we put in the plan gives us some nice risk mitigant against any credit actions or credit impacts of tax reform. So I think that level that we have in the new plan should be sufficient under tax reform or not.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. Yeah. So, I think it was third quarter we talked about the property taxes coming way down from what we were originally expecting. We did not take credit for that, as you recall, on the third quarter because we wanted to wait till the plan was completed. And so, there's really three main items that are driving the dry powder that we created to get to these much lower rates that you're seeing on slide 16. It's the property taxes. Pensions actually came in better than we were projecting. If you recall back on the second quarter call when we rebased the earnings post-Brexit, we took a very conservative approach on pension, so they came in stronger than we expected. And then, through income tax planning, we're also seeing some improvement there. And so, that created about $0.10 in total of earnings. Half of that went to increasing the growth rate of the UK and half of it went to create the dry powder that you're seeing on slide 16. So, maybe just to append to your earlier question on what happens if the pound goes up, well, if we don't need all that dry powder, I would suspect earnings would be up $0.05 a year going through the period.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Paul, unfortunately I don't have that detail in front of us. I mean, part of what's contributing to 2016 is lower pension from the methodology change that we enacted late in, I guess 2015 going into 2016. And so that in addition to just higher returns, we earned on average about 15% returns last year in the UK on our pension assets, which that carrying forward helps. And so, not reliability driven at all, it's more related to pension and it is sustainable.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So that's worth over $1 billion by time we get through the end of the plan period. In terms of – I think we hang at around 80% and we could go up to 85%. So, by time we get out to 2020, again, that's worth about $1 billion-plus. I would say, as we kind of look at tax reform, we have to see how much on any annual basis we could shift it. I would think at least $150 million would be no problem and it could probably go back up to $400 million that we had originally. But again, that's all going to depend on how those final rules come out, but somewhere in that range, I would say.
