Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 7. We reported 2022 third quarter GAAP earnings of $0.24 per share. Special items in the third quarter were $0.17 per share, primarily due to integration expenses associated with the acquisition of Rhode Island Energy, commitments made during the acquisition process and impacts associated with the sale of Safari, which we announced in late September and closed on earlier this week. Adjusting for these special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.41 per share, an improvement of $0.05 per share compared to last year. Another strong quarter brings our year-to-date GAAP earnings to $0.77 per share. Adjusting for year-to-date special items of $0.36 per share, our ongoing earnings results are $1.13 per share through nine months of 2022 compared to $0.83 in 2021. Turning to the ongoing segment drivers on Slide 8. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment results improved by $0.01 per share year-over-year, excluding share accretion. The increased earnings in Pennsylvania were driven by lower O&M expenses in the period, primarily from lower storm and support group costs. Our Kentucky segment decreased by $0.01 per share year-over-year, excluding share accretion. The decrease was due to various factors that were not individually significant. The addition of our Rhode Island segment increased earnings by $0.04 per share for the quarter. Results at Corporate and Other were $0.01 lower compared to the prior year due to factors that were not individually significant. Finally, our third quarter results were $0.02 higher due to share accretion resulting from the $1 billion of stock buybacks completed in 2021. Turning to Slide 9. Our results to date support the $0.03 increase in the midpoint of our ongoing earnings forecast to $1.40 per share. As shown on the left of the slide, the primary drivers of the increase in our forecast are at our Kentucky and Rhode Island segments with higher margins due to favorable weather compared to our forecast in Kentucky, as well as lower O&M expenses in both jurisdictions as we execute on our business transformation. Turning to the right part of the slide. We've also narrowed our forecast, increasing the bottom end of the range to $1.35 per share from $1.30 per share given our strong year-to-date performance and only a few months remaining in the year. In closing, our financial results to date reflect the improved low risk profile of the new PPL as we continue to deliver for both customers and shareowners. Our strategic actions have well positioned PPL to achieve those results with an excellent financial foundation and a strong balance sheet to navigate the current macroeconomic environment. And we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our growth projections of 6% to 8% in earnings and dividends through 2025. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Joe Bergstein: So from a variable rate exposure, about 15% of our consolidated long term debt portfolio is floating rate. So the total debt portfolio is about $13 billion. We feel comfortable with that level of floating rate exposure and really don't see any material impact to the plan from fluctuations that we've seen to date in interest rates. And so maybe I could just make a couple of comments overall on interest rates broadly even outside of the floating rate exposure. We still feel very good about our plan despite the recent rise in interest rates. And obviously, we reaffirmed our long term growth forecast this morning. We've discussed several times and on our Investor Day that we've developed a plan that's low risk and contemplated the macro headwinds that we see, including interest rates. And there are several factors that we have and levers that we have within our plan to help offset the higher rates. Those are tracking mechanisms that we have in our jurisdictions to help mitigate exposure, 55% of our capital runs through some form of tracker or rider. Obviously, we're very focused on operational efficiencies. We have the potential to outperform on our savings targets within this plan period. And then from a load perspective, we've not incorporated any load growth in our current business plan. And we do continue to see load growth in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky. And in Kentucky, we have known incremental upside as well with the economic development that's been announced recently within the state. And then just on Rhode Island, we are decoupled there, so load is not a factor.
Joe Bergstein: So we'll incorporate at least some of that CapEx that we would file relative to the CPCN when we update our plan next year. As far as closing the gap between rate base and earnings growth, I think it's a little early to say exactly how much that will close. It will certainly close because if you think about the generation need in Kentucky and those units coming off-line, the whole units coming offline in 2028, we'll need the new generation to be ready to serve load at that time. And so construction would have to start probably beginning in 2025. So I think you'd see incremental capital related to replacement gen in '25 and '26, which certainly would help to close the current gap between rate based growth and earnings growth.
Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, I'm proud of how we continue to execute the strategy we outlined at our Investor Day in June. Across PPL, we are laser focused on creating technology enabled utilities of the future, on delivering the clean energy transition reliably and affordably and on driving long term value for our customers and our shareowners. Our strategy delivers top tier earnings and dividend growth of 6% to 8% annually. And as we said, we remain confident in our ability to deliver this growth. Our growth is supported by $27 billion in investment opportunities through 2030 and one of the strongest balance sheets in our sector. It's anchored in operational efficiencies in the near term with stronger rate base growth driving earnings growth later in the decade. And we firmly believe it's the right strategy at the right time to effectively manage the risks associated with the current macroeconomic environment, while continuing to deliver real value for our customers and shareowners. Across our company, we continue to execute our plans for the new PPL and we're as excited as we've ever been about our future. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, it clearly has. So the IRA has clearly improved the competitiveness of company owned renewables versus third party PPA pricing, Shar, right? The PTC optionality there plus the additional tax attribute enhancements for certain types of labor, apprenticeship programs and in our case, we're using coal sites, et cetera. So clearly, the economics are moving in the right direction from where we were before to now post IRA. I don't want to get too far out in front of the filing in terms of how much of the resources we see. But clearly, I think there's an opportunity for solar, storage, combined cycle on the solar and storage side. I think we'll see a combination of PPAs and company owned there and then on the combined cycle, we would expect that to be company owned.
Vince Sorgi: I think that's a good point. I would say timing wise, Shar, you're probably right. I think we would see that maybe next year with our ability to narrow those ranges. We really want to get through this first regulatory process in the state. So these filings are our first filings in the state, as you know. And so we would expect to get through those kind of mid next year, and that will set us up for a much clearer view of '23, '24.
Vince Sorgi: So for Kentucky, I would say the opportunity is probably in the $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion range, Durgesh, in total. The piece that could pull into the five year period would probably be in the $1 billion to $2 billion. So as you know, we had generation replacement in the $15 billion bucket, the $27 billion to $30 billion bucket of our $27 billion. And so as we look at what we're seeing now with the CPCN filing where I think we're going to see some of that pull into '25, '26 as we prepare for '27, 2028 in service dates for some of these options. So $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion total, $1 billion to $2 billion moving potentially into the five year period.
Vince Sorgi: I think the ranges that we provided incorporate what we're talking about with these current filings. And again, once we get through, I think, this first round in the state, we'll be able to narrow that range following next year's -- in next year's update.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. We resized the balance sheet to not only fund the CapEx we had in the plan but those two upsides as well, yes.
Vince Sorgi: So we continue to look at transmission across the portfolio in all three of our jurisdictions, continue to see opportunity for additional system hardening, as well as smart grid technology in those networks, primarily in Rhode Island and Kentucky. So definitely see additional opportunity there. I would say in the $27 billion, we have that opportunity in there. Again, that's probably an area where maybe some of that could get pulled in from the back half of the decade into the current five year plan. But that will all be part of our more fulsome update once we get through the regulatory filings in Kentucky and then come out with our normal cadence with our update would be on the year end call in February. But yes, those are all areas that we're looking at.
Vince Sorgi: We're feeling very confident in our ability to hit at least the $150 million by 2025. Again, we talked about a potential upside to beyond 2025. Joe talked about for the 2022 forecast, really two main areas there, weather and then O&M. The real source of O&M, both in Rhode Island and Kentucky is the result of our business transformation and centralization efforts. And so I would say we're ahead of schedule on that, David, which is great. And so it just gives us further confidence that we'll be able to at least hit the $150 million going into 2025.
Vince Sorgi: So the transformation initiatives in Kentucky are really not, I would say, directly tied to -- well, they're certainly not tied to accelerating our coal plant retirement. So our existing retirement dates other than one unit that we had in 2034 that we think may need to be pulled up into the 2020s as a result of the EPA Good Neighbor rule. But other than that, our existing end-of-life depreciation dates are what's in the plan, Michael. On the transformation initiatives or the O&M reduction initiatives, we're just -- that's enabling us to just be more prudent in how we're looking at outage scheduling and overall O&M on those plants that we’ll be retiring in 2024 and 2028. So there's some linkage there, but I wouldn't say it's really dependent. And then in terms of overall acceleration of coal plant retirements, we're really not factoring that into our update today, again, other than that one 2034 plant and the potential for that to get pulled in. But again, as we see economics continue to change, freight regulation continue to change, that's certainly something that we will continue to keep an eye on. But our existing depreciation dates are really what's driving the CapEx opportunity there.
Vince Sorgi: I don't necessarily want to speculate on that, Michael. I think we're kind of finishing the analysis right now for the CPCN. We'll make that filing with the commission and then we'll go through the regulatory process there. So would rather not speculate on what is like that until we get through the process with the commission.
Vince Sorgi: Absolutely. So we're updating the load forecast. So we're including all of the economic development that we're seeing in the state. So that's an increased load. We're updating our DSM and energy efficiency plan. So that will be a decrease to load. So we'll have a full blown updated load forecast. We'll look at all the capacity that's retiring and then the amount of the capacity and energy required to meet that load on a 24/7 basis. So yes, all of that will be included in the filing, that will all be public on the KPSC's Web site. You'll see all of the input and output assumptions that we made from the modeling that we've done. The only thing we'll do is we'll see confidential protection on any commercially sensitive information like the actual bid prices from the RFP. But other than that, you'll get a very clear picture of the supply need and the lease cost solution to solve that.
Vince Sorgi: So I would say in both jurisdictions, the general economy continues to be strong. You're seeing that in Pennsylvania C&I load, even in Kentucky C&I -- commercial is up. Industrial is down in Kentucky really due to one steel manufacturer and this is really just a year-over-year anomaly where last year, there was a lot of pent up demand coming out of the pandemic. And so the production was higher than we've ever seen it. And so we've kind of, I would say, normalized back to normal levels for that one steel customer. And then on -- so really no underlying issues with the economy there. And then you're right, on the residential, we saw a bit of a dip in the third quarter versus last year. We really think that, that's related to just customers' immediate response to the high commodity prices that we're seeing now flow through our bills. So the wholesale prices are up and where we're adjusting our prices accordingly. And so we think there's some level of just conservation going on within the residentials to try to manage their bills there. But again, no underlying impacts around the general economy, and I think that continues to look strong.
Vince Sorgi: Not a major impact on credit. So really the AMT provision is probably maybe where you're going on that. Again, we don't see any impact on our cash flows coming from the AMT. We generally use our tax attributes. When we sold WPD, we were about a 15% taxpayer in our projections anyway. Of course, they modified the rules there at the very end. There's still a lot of regulation that still needs to come from treasury on the final act. So when we look at it, Nick, really not anticipating any impact on our cash position as a result of AMT. And then on the other provisions, the clean energy provisions, obviously, those are supportive of us being more competitive on company owned renewables versus third party PPAs. But again, that's not going to really drive any credit impacts.
Vince Sorgi: The way the final law came out on that, Paul, was that we were only able to earn that remuneration up until 2026. And if you look at the -- when those contracts will actually come online that would not happen within the window that was allotted in the law. So there really wasn't any reason to try to go after any remuneration when the reality is we wouldn't be able to pick up any given the timing constraints in the law.
Vince Sorgi: Well, I certainly don't want to talk about where we think our competitive advantages would be versus competing bidders in that process. But again, I would just say, given Elia's deep expertise in offshore and our deep expertise in onshore and ISO, understanding of the ISOs and siting, operating and building transmission here in the US. I think our partnership creates a great opportunity for us to bring innovative solutions to New England. But I don't want to get into any more detail on that.
Vince Sorgi: Potentially, there could be opportunity there. Obviously, the New England opportunity is in front of us right now, and that's where we're focused. But again, I think the opportunity for a long term partnership with Elia is certainly there. And given our two skill sets, it's not unique to necessarily to just New England. But clearly, that's where our focus is right now.
Vince Sorgi: So our current plan, we have really no load growth built in for [PA] in Kentucky, so we're relatively flat across that period.
Vince Sorgi: I think it's likely temporary, but it's also just the way our tariff structures are, Anthony, we're really most heavily weighted to load fluctuations in Kentucky. PA, we do have some impact from load but it's not as impactful as Kentucky just because of the way we have demand charges, fixed charges in PA versus those levels in Kentucky. But what we're seeing in PA, one, I think you're right, that will probably be more of a temporary reaction to the pricing but also just the tariff structure doesn't give us really cause for concern.
Vince Sorgi: As I talked earlier, again, I think the total CapEx opportunity in Kentucky is probably in the $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion range, Anthony. But I think $1 billion to $2 billion of that could actually come into the five year period, which obviously would raise rate base growth compared to what our current plan shows.
Vince Sorgi: David, I would just say that update will be a fulsome update. So we will not just update it for Kentucky CapEx related to generation, but across the portfolio where we see incremental capital needs. Again, we've talked about transmission in prior questions. So we'll do a fulsome update to Joe's point, that will help close the gap between the two.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thank you. Just want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we're looking forward to seeing everybody at EEI. Stay safe, and we'll see you soon.
