William H. Spence: Great. Thank you, Vince. And thanks for everyone's participation on today's call. I'd like to first summarize by saying that we remain confident in where we're headed. We're solidly on track to deliver on our earnings forecast for 2016, and we expect to deliver compound annual EPS growth of 5% to 6% through 2018. We're pleased the WPD team has had such a successful first year under RIIO-ED1, and have outperformed incentive expectations. As Robert mentioned earlier, we are raising our expectation for incentive revenues from $90 million to $110 million, to $115 million for 2017, and from $75 million to $105 million, to $85 million to $115 million for 2018. This level of performance is consistent with WPD's long history of operational excellence. Across all of our businesses, we continue to invest in tomorrow's energy infrastructure, the strength and the diversity of our generation fleet, and to drive continuous improvements aimed at exceeding customer expectations and delivering power safely, reliably and affordably. And as I stated in my recent message to shareowners in the annual report, I am convinced that our best days are ahead, and I'm very excited about our future. With that, operator, let's open the call to questions, please.
William H. Spence: In the CapEx plan that we have for U.K., there's very little that I would classify as environmental spending. You may be referring, perhaps, to the...
William H. Spence: Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. So, within Kentucky Utilities, yes. The environmental spending for the plans, as articulated, really deal with the match rule (22:25) and a lot of the combustion ash disposal costs that we need to incur. It does not include any Clean Power Plan CapEx spending, which would be incremental, should that come back into play. But with the stay at the Supreme Court level of the CPP, we're not anticipating to update the capital at this time.
William H. Spence: Okay. I'll ask Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities Group in Pennsylvania to address that.
William H. Spence: Okay. Well, since there are no further questions, we'll assume that everything was crystal clear, and that we look forward to the second quarter earnings call. So thanks for joining us today on the call. Thank you, operator.
