Robert A. Symons: Many thanks, Bill and good morning. We've received several inquiries as to how the U.K. is performing against the tougher incentive targets set by Ofgem under RIIO-ED1. Moving to slide 10 as Bill mentioned earlier, we are pleased to be providing new disclosures to review our current performance. But before we get into the performance details, I would like to provide some background on the incentive framework. WPD has a long history of operational excellence. And we expect that to continue into RIIO-ED1. Our ability to execute on our plans and achieve incentive revenue has been key to our financial performance. And once again, WPD is on-track to outperform its Ofgem targets in the 2015/2016 regulatory year. And WPD now expects to earn total incentive revenues that exceed prior estimates for 2017 and 2018. Our original plan assume between $80 million and $100 million for 2017 and between $60 million and $90 million for 2018. Based on our performance to-date we are raising guidance estimates for the 2017 calendar year to $90 million to $110 million and $75 million to $105 million for 2018. One of the real benefits of being fast tracked through price control review process is that we've had more time to ensure we were in a strong position to deliver the output included in the business plan submitted to Ofgem. For example, in advance to the RIIO-ED1 period, we adjusted one of our operational targets to less than 12 hours for supply restoration down from 18 hours to align our performance with the new guaranteed standards in RIIO-ED1. The fast-track award of about $43 million per year during RIIO-ED1 period along with our ability to an incentive revenues are two very strong reasons that the UK regulatory model is considered a premium jurisdiction. Turning to slide 11, the primary schemes that contribute to incentive revenues include the interruption incentive schemes and the broad measure of customer satisfaction. Interruption incentive schemes include customer interruptions and customer minutes lost. Both of these schemes are designed to incentivize the DNOs to invest and operate their networks to manage and reduce both the frequency and the duration of power outages. The targets under RIIO-ED1 are specified in our licenses and become slightly more demanding each year. On this slide you will find results for customer minutes lost on the top-left of the slide and customer interruptions on the top-right. Customer minutes lost measures the cumulative amount of minutes customers are without electricity. In this chart, we are reporting the cumulative average performance of all four of our DNOs. The line in purple is the Ofgem target and the dotted line is the projected result, with the vertical line showing the maximum reward or penalties. Customer interruption measures the cumulative amount of interruptions in the customers electricity supply per hundred customers. The chart is using the same basis for reporting an average of all four DNOs, however, this chart represents customer interruptions for 100 customers. You will see for the first six months under RIIO-ED1, WPD is trending towards exceeding the annual targets for customer minutes lost and customer interruptions. These incentive revenues while earned during the 2015/2016 regulatory year will be received in the 2017/2018 regulatory year. So now turning to slide 12. In addition to the interruption incentive schemes, the second scheme, the broad measure of customer satisfaction measures performance against customer satisfaction. Each month Ofgem surveys customer satisfaction for services provided by the DNOs. On a scale from 1 to 10, this chart provides results against the targets Ofgem has established for customers experiencing interruptions, requesting a new connection or making a general inquiry. This chart shows WPD's performance through September 2015 for each DNO compared to all other DNOs combined, and demonstrates our excellent customer service. While we have only been performing under RIIO for six months, as I mentioned earlier the benefit of being fast-track afforded us the opportunity to begin to plan our approach to delivering outputs. As we continue to execute on those plans, we are on track to meet or exceed the new targets. We will continue to provide updates to these slides each quarter. And now Vince will walk you through a more detailed look at segment earnings.
Robert A. Symons: Thanks, Bill. Yeah, in terms of TotEx basically, we are on target to deliver the plan. There are various variables, which obviously influence that, connections and other such things, but basically we are on plan.
Robert A. Symons: Yes, just to give you some idea of scale, the current subsidy on photovoltaic is about £0.06 per unit. That's going down. There's a consultation document out, and potentially that will go down to about £0.01 per unit. So basically it's the FIT tariffs which actually drive demand. In terms of its impact on TotEx, developers have to pay the cost of reinforcement upfront, and it's only the bit that possibly benefits us in other ways, but it's actually funded out of the TotEx part. So that 95% of the cost of actually putting in or reinforcing the network in order to connect large photovoltaics is actually met by the developer themselves. So I don't see it as a real big impact on TotEx. I think if there was a change in government policy as to how this stuff was funded then that would be the trigger that would trigger a midterm review if it was the case that companies had to make a larger contribution towards that investment. But given the current situation, I can't really see that happening.
Robert A. Symons: Well, we work under a series of rules, Julien and the rule say that there is no – the current rule say there's no investment ahead of need. So you can't build a line if you like before it's actually required. So that investment opportunity really isn't there under the current rules. And as I stated before, I think its impact on reinforcement expenditure detailed in the business plan is relatively small currently.
Robert A. Symons: The pool stays the same, the incentive mechanism stays the same, the targets get slightly more difficult year-on-year and that varies between, which of the full businesses you were talking about, but those, sort of, things have been built into sort of information that Vince chooses.
Robert A. Symons: Yes, you got it exactly right. The opportunity still remains the same albeit the targets get slightly more difficult as time goes on. But one would hope that also investment and (36:24) investment in line and all the rest of it. Automation schemes will actually produce some benefit later on.
William H. Spence: Thank you, Vince. PPL continues to be a very compelling investment opportunity within our sector, with competitive earnings growth rate, which we just guided to 6% through 2017, combined with better than average dividend yield at about 4.5% and the ability to continue to grow that dividend, we believe we can deliver a top quartile total shareowner return over the next three years. And I believe most importantly that this is all supported by a low risk business plan. With that, operator let's open the call to questions, please.
William H. Spence: Sure. I think in both cases the answer would be yes. So there's an ability to continue to segment the line as well as partnering with adjacent or utilities that the project goes through their service territory. So I think in both cases we would look to do that.
William H. Spence: This is really our ability to achieve the top end of the plan for this current period, the 2015 through 2017 period, and then we will assess and report out on the fourth quarter call our expectations for how that growth rate will continue past 2017.
William H. Spence: Well, two things, one is we will continue to update on a quarterly basis where we stand relative to those incentive targets. We previously had noted that the U.K. business was expected to be flat from an earnings per share basis. With the new disclosures and now six months behind us in terms of how well we feel about our capability to earn the incentive revenue, we are now comfortable saying that the UK earnings will be slightly positive 1% to 2% type growth rate off of the flat. So we are now looking at that 1% to 2% annual growth rate.
William H. Spence: Yeah, at the moment Julien, we would not look to expand into transmission. I think as Robert said, we are great at what we do and we want to stick to what we know best, and so that's our current plan.
William H. Spence: We're not projecting to be at the very top of the band, but based on the projection – you know we have a range there. So we're near that – I would say we are in the upper end of the band, but there is probably still a little bit more room to the extent we outperform even more than we are currently projecting.
William H. Spence: I think relative to the competitive nature of this, obviously just having completed a very major line essentially in the same region, I think our capability to be very competitive should we get to that point should be strong.
William H. Spence: Yeah, I think a key one would be transmission. Our transmission is growing at a compound rate of 17%, so that's a significant driver. In terms of the outcomes that you mentioned on the rate cases, I think they were fair outcomes, not terribly inconsistent with our planning assumptions. I think as we continue to refine our cost structure, as Vince said, both at the corporate level as well as at the utility level, that's going to drive some upside or some improvement there, and that does help the domestic utility growth rate. But I think it's probably worth mentioning that we're not really changing the domestic utility growth rate from the utilities. What we've really changed and up the overall is the corporate services where we're seeing lower costs. So the lower costs in the corporate services, that $0.02 that Vince mentioned, is really what's moving the domestic utilities growth rates up or everything is combined together to get us to the 6%.
William H. Spence: The calendar year, so it's an April 1 start and then it goes on to the March – the end of March of the following year, and that in terms of the dollars is $130 million.
William H. Spence: Sure, that would be the plan. We work that down. Vince, you can probably speak more specifically to exactly how we are planning to fund the CapEx plan.
William H. Spence: Okay. Great. Well, thanks everyone for participating on today's call. I know several members of our senior management team and myself will be attending the EEI Financial Conference coming up in November, so we look forward to seeing everyone there. Thanks.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah, Dan. This is Vince. I would say, the midpoint of those ranges would reflect kind of current level of performance, so if WPD is able to continue to improve that would push us probably to the high-end of those bands. But there's also risk that something bumps in the night, and so we took that into account as well. But it's based on current level of performance.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So in general coming – so obviously you know we've reduced O&M quite significantly coming out of the spin with the corporate restructuring efforts where we're targeting about $75 million and we are comfortable that we've achieved that. However, we do continue to look at the corporate services organization as well as just operations between PA and Kentucky so see if there is opportunities for continued efficiency there domestically. WPD is already very efficient. And so we just continue to look at that and we built in about another $0.02 worth of opportunity through 2017 in achieving the 6% growth rate.
Vincent Sorgi: Year, so Steven, I would say the 6% as we were going through the planning – or the $0.06, as we were going through the planning process, we didn't bake, up until now, all of that $0.06 of depreciation upside through 2017 because of the risks around RPI and FX. I would say that the RPI forecast has been holding strong in that 3% range. So we're at 2.8% for 2016 and 3.1% for 2017, so we are feeling pretty good. The exposure there is really only another month because once that gets set next month, that's really what it will drive for the next two years. So we feel comfortable with that exposure. And then as we continue to layer on the hedges, I think we are extremely comfortable that we can manage the FX exposure and hedge that up to $1.60 through at least 2017. So as our comfort level on both of those risk factors improved, we were able to put more of this $0.06 upside kind of into the base forecast. So that $0.06 has been there all along, but we were using it as a risk mitigant up until now.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So slide 26 in the appendix, Gregg, really details that. It's the same slide that we went through last quarter in terms of funding the growth. So in the UK, I'll just reiterate that the UK business is fully self funding variable with their cash from operations and their ability to borrow in country and maintain their 80% to 85% debt to rev ratios. They are able to basically self fund (45:06) dividends about $400 million of cash a year back to the state. We take that $400 million, add it to our cash from operations, fund our maintenance capital and we still think we'll have even after we pay the dividend about $250 million and over say the next three years to five years that will continue to grow as the domestic cash from ops grows. So that $250 million will drive either dividend growth that Bill talked about or CapEx growth, and then we'll use debt and a little bit of equity. We still have the $200 million of maxed equity issuances in the plan. Everything else would be funded with debt and we are able to do that and maintain our solid investment-grade credit ratings.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. I mean, it's the same schedule as the 2015/2016, so we are truing up the 2.6% to the 1.6% and that giveback shows up two years later, two regulatory years later, so in the 2017/2018 timeframe. So if 2016/2017 comes in on an actual basis less than the 2.8% that would be given back in 2018/2019.
Vincent Sorgi: But also if it comes in higher, we will receive additional revenues in 2018/2019, so it's not one way.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. So we are pretty much done with our 2015 hedges. However, our 2016 hedges are in the money as well, and there certainly could be an opportunity to re-strike our 2016 hedges and move that value into 2017 and potentially even a little bit in 2018. I would say we probably have $0.03 or $0.04 of opportunity to do that.
