Paul Farr: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. Let's move to slide 9; our strong first quarter results reflect higher earnings from each of our three regulated segments, and flat earnings from our Supply business, compared to the first quarter of 2013. Now let's move over -- start with a detailed review of Q1 segment earnings driver, starting with the U.K. on slide 10. U.K. regulated earned $0.41 per share in the first quarter, a $0.04 increase over last year. This increase was primarily due to higher utility revenues, driven by the April 1st, 2013 price increase, partially offset by lower volume due to weather, and lower pension expense. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation. Moving now to slide 11; Kentucky earned $0.16 per share in the quarter, a $0.02 increase compared to last year. This increase was due to higher gross margins, primarily due to higher retail and off-system sales volumes, driven by the unusually cold weather Bill mentioned, and higher earnings from environmental CapEx, partially offset by higher O&M. Turning to slide 12; our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the first quarter, a $0.03 increase versus last year. This increase was due to higher distribution margins, driven by higher sales volumes due to the cold weather, and the benefit from a change in estimate of a regulatory liability, as well as higher transmission margins. Finishing with Supply on slide 13; this segment earned $0.11 per share in the quarter compared to last year. This result was primarily due to higher Eastern energy margins, driven by higher capacity prices, and a net benefit from colder weather, partially offset by lower hedged, baseload energy prices, and lower nuclear generation off-grid, due to the timing of planned outages, and lower financing costs. Now this was offset by lower Western energy margins, driven by lower coal and hydro unit availability, and higher income taxes. That's the end of my prepared remarks, and I will turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
Paul Farr: Yeah Kit, weather in total was only about half of the $0.08 increase to the midpoint of the forecast. So we were significantly ahead. We were about $0.04 in total for the Supply business ahead of plan and forecast. And then the utilities were kind of a push. We were $0.03 positive domestically offset by $0.03 negative in weather in the U.K. So when you look at that -- a big component of the increase was weather, but that only made up about half of the total.
Paul Farr: Yeah, Kit we are. Obviously the currency has been a little bit stronger, but as you may recall, we are fully hedged -- nearly fully hedged coming into this year. So really net effect is that we are on plan. In terms of repatriation, I don't think there is any new news there. I think again, its on track as we would we expect, and so again, we are right on plan, right where we would like to be at this point in the year.
Paul Farr: Paul, the change in estimate was reversal of storm costs accrual that we put on the books last year, that we got positive results from the commission. 11 of the 12 months we had accrued last year, we were not required to refund to consumers, so it was just adjusting that liability down.
Paul Farr: Hi Rajeev, this is Paul. I guess the way I would think about things is, we are at our targeted credit metrics across the complex. The internal cash flow that we generate is basically going to from all of the business and Supply is obviously a cash flow positive contributor, is going towards rate base growth and maintaining equity ratio at the utilities, as they deploy that significant amount of CapEx that we have in the schedule and in the appendix, and going to pay the dividend, which we recently announced an increase on. So I don't feel uncomfortable with where we are at from a balance sheet perspective in any way. If there was a structural separation of the Supply business, I don't want to pre-judge what the rating agencies would do as they evaluate that. But clearly, to Bill's earlier comment, you'd be taking out the most volatile risky component of the enterprise, and the remaining pieces that are left, should be able to live with, lower -- at that point, consolidated FFO to debt metrics. Obviously, the Supply business is high for a reason, it reflects that volatility. In pre or post, some type of structural event if you will, I think the company is in very good shape.
Paul Farr: Rounding. Its just extremely minor, typically in that bucket, its primarily IT expenditures for corporate platforms that get spread across the enterprise. So just very small modifications to how we see the timing of certain projects.
William Spence: Dan, there is no specific timeline, but I would say, it continues to be a key priority of the company.
William Spence: I would say generally speaking, neither the capacity auction nor the price action that we have seen, based on the significant increase that we saw on our prices in PJM in the winter, would impact our strategic thinking around the supply business. We continue to have, as our number one priority, the aggressive cost control and optimizing the dispatch of our plants, while of course maintaining safe and reliable operations. At the same time, we do continue to consider other options that could enhance value. There is no particular data point or view point of forward prices that we are waiting for or that would substantially impact our thought process around strategic options for that business.
William Spence: Well as I mentioned, we are considering other options that can enhance value, or remain committed to creating value from the Supply business for shareowners, and we are going to keep focused on this effort. There is not a particular structure or ownership or objective that we have, along those lines, that would be of the table. I think we are looking for the best opportunity we have, to create shareowner value. So whatever form that may come in, we are considering. So as I mentioned, we don't have specific timeline. We are being disciplined about the process, and it is a key priority of ours.
William Spence: I think at this juncture, we don't see a lot of incremental CapEx required on the environmental front, for either Brunner Island or Montour stations in Pennsylvania. I think we are in fairly decent shape. There is some related to the math. Really, folks more around mercury control than it is around SOX or NOX. So at this point, I don't see any significant addition that we would need to make.
William Spence: Yeah, when we think about the forward curve and looking at our supply business, we expect that it will continue to be in positive EPS territory. I think our comments in the past were, that we would do everything that we could, to ensure that it stayed in positive territory; and with the cost cutting, that Dave DeCampli and his team have already embarked on, and where we see forward prices, we would expect that it will continue to be in positive EPS territory.
William Spence: Sure. I think as we look at this RPM in particular, there are a lot of moving parts, a lot of modifications have been made. There is a lot of kind of noise out there around the residual auctions and so forth. So I think for this year at least, we are not going to put out an expectation around where we expect RPM prices to settle out, because there is a lot more uncertainty, in our view, coming into this auction than we have seen in past auctions. So I think it's just really difficult to nail this one down in any precise manner. So we are going to really avoid making any prediction at this point.
William Spence: No I think again it could be significantly volatile, so I think its really difficult to know, and I think based on upcoming retirements, other factors, I think the bidding strategies of companies could be substantially different this time than last, and I think that could influence the outcome, more so than maybe some of the planning parameters that have influenced prior outcomes. So I think for that reason, we are really having a difficult time, even directionally predicting where we think this could turn out.
William Spence: Sure. On the near to mid term view, I think its more or less unchanged from what we said on prior quarters, which is that we did not believe that forward prices were truly reflective of the supply and demand fundamentals, and the looming coal retirements that we had anticipated. And I think this winter highlighted how tight the supply and demand could be, when you remove some of that coal from the dispatch stack. So the movements that we have seen in power prices in the forwards now, essentially reflect our fundamental view that we have held for quite a while now.  If you look longer term, I think strategically, you still are going to have a fairly volatile complex in the power and natural gas sectors. So I think as you know, natural gas is a significant driver to the power markets, and we continue to see a lot of uncertainty in the gas markets which will drive uncertainty in the power market. So I think our view, while it has improved, it has improved towards our fundamental view, A. And B, perhaps it has improved even beyond that, and may be things will be significantly better than we are all anticipating in the longer term. However, its still going to be, I think, a volatile ride in our view, and one that you just have to ensure that you are prepared to survive.
William Spence: I think our view would be shaped by the timing of a lot of the pipeline expansion projects that are attempting to deliver the Marcellus shale and the other Eastern shale into the key markets, namely the mid-Atlantic and northeast markets. In terms of a specific view on MMBTU in basis, we don't really have a particular viewpoint, a strong viewpoint I should say, on that.
William Spence: I think there's opportunities across the board, but I don't know that any particular group is easy or more difficult than another. So we attempt to be as efficient as we can across the board. So I don't know that I can specifically say that there is one group or another that's any more equipped or better prepared to embark on significant cost cutting. I think our number one priority in terms of aggressive control of costs is really around the supply business as it needs to be.
William Spence: Well I think it was probably created around the challenges that coal plants in particular face, and looking at the region around our Brunner Island station, I think PJM felt that it may be there is a need there to send the price signal. But its really hard to judge Steve, whether that zone will break out in this auction or not. So we don't really have an expectation necessarily that it will. But again, a lot of volatility in the parameters coming into this auction compared to others, and then, as I mentioned on an earlier question, the bidding behavior, we are expecting to be probably different than it probably has been in the past.
William Spence: Okay operator, thank you very much; and PPL, as we just talked about, had a very strong quarter, and we continue to execute on all fronts. We thank you for joining us today, and look forward to talking to you on our Q2 earnings call.
Victor Staffieri: We see no application from none of our municipals, it is about 300 megawatts or so that they'd like to get out of their contract in about five years. That has led us to we think -- the timing on a new combined cycle plant at Green River. So we have filed with the Public Service Commission and put that in advance. We are talking to the municipals, and that will play out over time. But the only impact frankly would be, perhaps a delay in the in-service date of the next combined cycle plant.
Victor Staffieri: It could be -- there are other things that could compel us to move a little -- to keep it. It may not just below that makes us decide to move that plant back -- we might want to move it for load purposes back to the three years. We might decide to keep it only one year, depending upon some of the environmental concerns. That could give us a nice diversification opportunity, and we want to be mindful of the environmental requirement, particularly the pressure on coal. So you could say from a load perspective, you could move back as far as three years, but there might be other consideration that allows to move it up. We are looking at that right now, which is why we made a bonding with the Public Service Commission to put that proceeding in advance of 90 days, as we think through the implications.
Victor Staffieri: Sure. On the competitive coal front in Pennsylvania, the majority -- actually all of our plans at this point are all dry ash facilities and they are all beneficially using the dry ash. So we have really essentially closed all of our wet ash compounds quite some time ago. So most of those have been remediated. When we look at, on a go forward basis, our major concern as with the entire industry, is ensuring that coal ash does not become a hazardous waste. And that's our number one priority I think as a company and as an industry. And we think that can be avoided and should be avoided, and when you drop back to the additional oversight that we may see, I think its just a question of degree, and how much more would we have to do at some of the facilities, particularly those that are wet ash facilities.
Victor Staffieri: In Kentucky, we do still have some wet ash ponds. We are moving towards landfills. We are in licensing, proceedings at Trimble County and [indiscernible] and other places, to remove our ponds over time. We are confident, we have done the kind of analysis that need to be done, to ensure that we hopefully don't have the problems that have plagued others with respect to these ponds, but we are moving towards the landfills in almost every occasion.
Victor Staffieri: It would be over the next decade or so. Remember, part of the problem is we don't have the bottom [ph] regulations yet out of EPA. Once we get those, we will be in a better position. But we do have some money in our budget over time. I think it's in the order of $300 million to $400 million, probably in our long term capital budgets to reflect that.
David DeCampli: We haven't published those in the past. We are still in that band of kind zero to 30% for year three. Until we -- historically, till we have gotten those hedge levels up to something that's more meaningful, we haven't provided those. We are in the band, and we are cognizant of the benefit that we have seen in the first quarter from rising prices. Some of the things that we have been forecasting to happen around higher heat rates, rises in gas prices, the incremental volatility that's showing up as a result of the winter weather. In certain instances, we are probably more at the lower end of our ranges, given some of the fundamentals actually starting to come through. So we are sticking to the three year strategy at this point.
David DeCampli: Yeah. The fleet ran very well. We had just one outage in the -- one forced outage, back in early January, that lasted for 24, 26 hours. But beyond that, the coal fleet ran at capacity through all the periods it was called for.
David DeCampli: My only preference is to seek the highest value for the shareowners. Whatever form that comes in, it would be our objective. So I am reluctant to comment on any particular type or style of objective there, because there are various options, and we are open to considering the ones that are going to create the highest value.
David DeCampli: Steve its primarily -- the focus of our hedging recently has been on off-peak hour, and we got aggressive there, that's why you see the pull down in price.
