Paul Farr: That's a fair statement. When you factor in that pattern that you mentioned as well as the timing of expected rate cases in both Kentucky and Pennsylvania and the expected earned returns in the intervening years, yes.
Paul Farr: That's accurate. Again, driven by the capital expenditures that we will wait for recovery on, the fact that the last test year that was used was a backward-looking test year that goes back to September of the prior year. We did see very meaningful increases in weather-adjusted load in Kentucky in 2010. So that level of earned return is also significantly driven by continuation of that pattern. So we've been, I think, appropriate in our estimates of what the load is going to look like, but to the extent we see any meaningful improvement that will help offset that. And then again, as you said, when you mentioned all leverage, that does include a full year allocation of the equity units as well. So not just the hold co leverage and what we put at the op cos that replaced the intercompany stuff back to E.ON, but the equity unit financing as well has fully been allocated against that segment.
Paul Farr: That's fair, because they're basically back at above pre-recessionary levels at this point. So to the extent that we can see continued demand for the sectors that, that segment serves in terms of industrial, that will be the single biggest driver. But the recovery was so strong in late '09 and '10 that it'd be tough to see that continuing at that pace. Industrial loads were up almost 19% last year.
Paul Farr: Yes. In my mind, it will be that and whatever success that we can achieve as it relates to trying to find ways to operate the combined businesses more effectively and efficiently.
Paul Farr: Ashar, there was a partial-year impact of dilution that affected 2010 because the shares were issued in June. The 30-plus cents that's on the slide on the walk from '10 to '11 represents the balance of the year impact to get the full weighted average amount of shares up from basically 390-ish million to 490 million. And then '10 was -- the $0.43 that we initially announced, which was $0.38 from the shares, $0.05 from the equity converts was offset by -- well, it was actually slightly larger because we outperformed plan, but it was offset by the $0.12 that we earned from the segment itself in November and December.
Paul Farr: One thing, Ashar, and I'm not sure I fully, just based on your hesitation, that I fully answered your last question. I would say that we do not see much dilution in 2011 at all from the Kentucky acquisition. If I phrase it that way, maybe that will -- we do not see meaningful dilution in 2010 from having done the deal. Given where commodity prices have moved, given where we see the earnings opportunities in the other segments, it's not a significant number.
Paul Farr: Yes, when the bonus -- and again, there are still, and I know other companies have already talked about this, the IRS is still developing either regulation or rev fracs [ph] around interpreting committee reports on what was intended and what the results will be. But we see somewhere around $700 million between the September 9, 2010 implementation and the end of 2012 when in sunsets around $700 million in total cash benefit during that period versus what things would have looked like without the bonus depreciation. Now in a full year like 2011, yes, it's nice that it's FFO. It helps credit metrics. It's cash. We likely will push out the need for equity at least to the very back end of the year. The net impact, though, on earnings is still a negative since we were in a position where we should have gotten around $0.05 to $0.06 of Section 199 benefit. The manufacturers' deduction that affects both the Kentucky and Pennsylvania-based competitive generation, Montana generation. So all in all, it's a net negative from an earnings perspective, slightly, including the impact of pushing back equity financing needs. However, it does provide significant cash surplus or cash benefit.
Paul Farr: Back into the fourth quarter, at least back that far. Remember that we do have a reasonable amount of normal drip. Between drip and management comp, it's around $100 million. So what I'm talking about is that incremental kind of $250 million-ish that I mentioned at EEI. So the other stuff will turn out as we pay dividends.
Paul Farr: Yes, sure. We have a substantial amount of Pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards at energy supply and energy funding that, based upon a historical record of not showing profitability at that entity, we had to reserve again. So it simply weren't muted being realizable. Last year, we released a couple of cents to earnings from that. This year, with having the -- what changed more dramatically this year was, one, a business plan that showed significant taxable income at that entity and being able to get out from under rate caps and all the clamoring that went on in the legislature through the end of last year, only a small amount of valuation allowance resulted from last year. But when we got into the end of 2010 and completed the business plan, we just simply saw much more robust taxable income levels that would justify using the credit. So it amounted to $0.15 to $0.17 of total, the 199 impact was a negative $0.03, and then the international tax restructuring was a negative $0.07. There's more very small ones beyond that, that got to the '12.
Paul Farr: No, there's a very -- there is an amount of deferred tax valuation allowance that remains. It's not anywhere near what was released between the combination of this year and last year. We would have to see a relatively significant improvement in power market fundamentals on a competitive business to see the ability to release that and positively affect the effective tax rate. So I don't see that in any significant way until we see something more positive on that front.
Paul Farr: That's correct. I think we originally might have planned that second or third quarter. But obviously, the need is pushed out. The cash is here, and we're trying to mitigate, obviously, as well the negative effect of the loss of Section 199 due to all this bonus depreciation that decreased the taxable income so much.
Paul Farr: I'm just really not sure about that. I would say that the reason we mentioned it, but at least at the FERC level, we want to keep that out for now, so we want to have a laser focus on just getting this issue with the 2,000 megawatts dealt with right out of the blocks in time for the next PJM auction. So we want to be very focused in what we're asking FERC to look at.
Paul Farr: Well, I think going back to that first part of the comment, John, I think the 55% to 60% was kind of on an EBITDA basis. That's what we had disclosed. From a balance sheet perspective and through the commodity cycles, clearly better than 50%. But with all of the growth that we see, the shape of the commodity cycle and our hedge profile, at a mid-cycle number, something in the 70% to 75% feels like the right range for us to be in. If it got to 80%, if it went as low as 70%, that wouldn't cause us to alter mix, per se. But just in terms of being able to handle the volatility to meaningfully address the dividend over time, provide the transparency in growth, that feels like the right kind of mid-cycle mix to us.
Paul Farr: You'll probably get close to the bottom end of that range by '13. But Bill is right, it's probably closer to '14, '15, so you're at the mid.
Paul Farr: Again, just based on open march [ph] with what we have now, it wouldn't be far off from that number.
Paul Farr: Yes, I think we'll wait before -- as we let the businesses evolve, the spending and, naturally, get through a couple of rate cycles here before we come out with something on a targeted payout ratio basis. What we were trying to indicate on the dividend slide is showing that, and combining this response with how I responded to Jonathan's question, we'll very clearly be able to more than sufficiently to cover the dividend with the regulated earnings. I think it depends upon where we see mid-cycle gas prices driving power, which drives margins, and maintaining our three-year hedge profile. I think it's difficult until we get up into that 75%-ish range that I'd I feel comfortable talking about payout ratios, and as well, getting through the last part of our generation build around the Susquehanna operates, the Holtwood and Rainbow construction projects and get into more of a normalized level of maintenance CapEx spend as well.
Paul Farr: Again, at this part of the commodity, I'd clearly say that that's a safe bet. Again, if the regulated utilities are kind of fully paying for the dividend, and the generation business is using its surplus cash flow to fund some small capital expansion projects, we've got to be able to fund that CapEx growth at the utilities in some way, and it would be through a balance of debt and equity. I think that it would be reasonable amounts of equity, not unlike other companies that have to fund programs in this way. And again, what I'd say is the biggest driver there is maintaining the investment-grade credit rating in those businesses but as well as Supply. So that's really what drives the timing and amounts. It's a combination of the commodity cycle and the cap structure to achieve targeted credit metrics while trying to limit dilution.
Paul Farr: Yes, absolutely. We've had a long series of conversations with them, going back well more than a year about what we're seeing in terms of equipment, performance, reliability, degradation rates and the need to be able to achieve the service reliability level that they've outlined for the entire section that need to be achieved. And again, as Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks, a lot of this equipment goes back into the '50s, '60s, '70s, and it's just simply reaching the end of its life. And from both a company perspective and a customer perspective, the right decision is to not chase O&M expense but to replace this old equipment. It's better for the company and it's cheaper for the customer in the long run to make that investment that it is to be chasing reliability problems.
Paul Farr: Okay. Obviously, we get the more, I'll call it, perfect recovery in the U.K. in the FERC transmission. So what we're really talking about, what's left, if you will, is Pennsylvania distribution and then the Kentucky assets that that's not recovered in the ECR in Kentucky. In Pennsylvania, what I would say is that, and I think Bill mentioned this in his remarks, that we have filings in our business plan in 2012 and 2014, which would result in new rates effective 1/1/13 and 1/1/15 on the distribution side. In Kentucky, I think when we get down into the 9% kind of ROE levels, that would historically have, in how we think about it, triggered the need for filings there. Now we do have a committed stay-out from the change of control filing that we cannot file until '12 for new rates to be effective earlier than 1/1/13. So a potential scenario is filings in both Kentucky in full and then in Pennsylvania for the D side, with new rates in both effective 1/1/13. That's a potential, again, based upon what happens with load and what happens with costs and our success around efficiencies in that area, being timetable as well. But that's kind of what our plan would indicate would be needed.
Paul Farr: Yes, the 10 to 10.5 is -- we did a black box in the last settlement in Pennsylvania, but that's in the right zip code. Clearly, Kentucky was at kind of an announced ROE number, and it was at the upper end of that range that you just mentioned. The ECR just got reaffirmed at 10.6 or 10.63. So I mean, I think that that's in the right zip code.
Paul Farr: The status, Leslie, is exactly as we had forecast in due diligence. There is the potential for a larger asset driven by some capital loss carryforwards that got created as a result of unwinding some of the international things that Kentucky owned prior to our acquisition. So the total deferred tax asset that's there is slightly higher than what we had forecast. In terms of the timing, and, again, this is all balance sheet, this is not P&L. But in terms of the timing of utilization, the utilization will get pushed out a bit, simply because of all these bonus depreciation that the government has permitted. When you're able to fully depreciate in year one, everything that's kind of 20 years or less in terms of useful life, that will get pushed off a year or two. But the value of what we purchased is slightly greater than what was originally assumed.
Paul Farr: Yes. We actually had total contributions in 2010, globally, of $435-ish [million]. That included about $230 million in the U.K., so they were the biggest driver. And then we had about $200 million, domestically. When I say we, that includes what Kentucky contributed, even though it was prior to our ownership level. In 2011, the figure is $480 million. We increased it very slightly at year end, but most of that was planned. It's not anything that's been enhanced because of the bonus depreciation. But unlike last year, it's a very small contribution to WPD, and most of it is actually coming from -- about $300 million of that $480, $320, from the PPL legacy and then $150 million in Kentucky.
Paul Farr: We do provide on the hedge slide the estimate that we have for delivered coal in the East and West. And for 2012, the range is $76 to $80 a ton for the East, and the West is $23 to $29 a ton.
Paul Farr: Yes, good question. It is related to an improving heat rate as well as some displacement of other units, coal cos, many of them are coal.
Paul Farr: REO is expected to do a couple of things. I think probably the most significant thing is, and the reason why you don't see with a very large CapEx program a bigger increase in rev over the five-year horizon is that the current regulatory depreciation rate, which ends up in revenue in the U.K., is 20 years, and that's likely to be extended to 40 years. In addition, the regulatory review period, and we'll get our first opportunity to see this upcoming in the gas cycle here, is expected to be extended from five years to eight years. So this kind of formula rate treatment and the predictability and forecastability should go out over a longer period of time, to be determined what happens in the intervening years, though, because eight years is a long period to commit to a capital structure as to what they will permit or what they will do with the cap structure, meaning interest rates, assumed interest rates in your model cap structure over that eight-year period of time. I think there's more to come on that. They've issued kind of, if you will, position papers early, thought papers around that in early last year and late last year, but I think we'll get our first real opportunity once the gas distribution folks go through the process, and then they'll be expanded to us.
Paul Farr: Right. And in that new period, if they do alter depreciation-wise, they would simply -- that would slowly blend in as you bleed off the time of return of the legacy assets versus the new things that you add. So it would be a slow progression over time.
Paul Farr: It would either be an ATM and at-the-market or something. Within the DRIP program, we do have the discount waiver opportunity or capability that we added last year to the program. But it would be one of those three mechanisms.
Paul Farr: I think if we add the significantly higher and its all very timely recovery environmental CapEx for Kentucky, that number could grow. I think we need to wait to see what the final regulations look like and what the compliance schedules are to be able to give you a better definition around what the amounts would be and over what time frames. That was more at a planning rate that was with a lower level of environmental and other CapEx in Kentucky, so it would be enhanced off that a bit.
James Miller: Well, I think, Greg, the scenario you've laid out I think is -- I agree with, it's very accurate. And I think there are, I'd say, two words that remain in my mind for a consideration of a path to growing shareowner value. And the first word would be strategic. Meaning I would approach that in a vein that matches the strategy that we've laid out to our shareowners. And the second, I think, more important word as to where we stand today in executing that strategy is accretive. So I think that those are two key words that I think any shareowner of any company that would find itself assessing where PPL has been over the past few years would find logical.
James Miller: Well, I think we're all following, obviously, the politics of the entire EPA situation. The way I think about it is that there will be some hesitance or a little slower going forward than back we expected a year ago. But I think it's important to realize that there are certain things that EPA is mandated to do and will have to complete their regulations on and their rulings. And so I tend to think that much of the intent of the regulations will become evident through this calendar year, either by laying them out in great clarity or enough information on the table to know that they will happen. So I think our view has been looking at our fleets and our level of economic spend that we've already accomplished on our generating fleets. We stand to be in a very good position going forward in that we've already spent the money and spent it at the right time. We, in fact, will benefit from additional small coal-unit shutdowns, as I think Bill mentioned, our supercritical fleet here and then out West and Kentucky. Obviously, that will be recovered under the ECR. But in our merchant markets in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, we're positioned very well for the EPA regs as we see them unfolding. But I do think -- to try to answer your question, I see a bit of a delay, but I don't see them going away by a long shot.
James Miller: Okay. Let me try to -- but maybe, Bill, chime in too. Let me try to tackle that one. I think from what we've said, as we focus on the move from 2010 to 2011, if we factor off the incremental impact of dilution from the full year of the common stock issuance from last year, that international is kind of flat year-on-year. When I think what the major contributors are and detractors to growth going forward, we did mention that we have a relatively significant increase in FAS 87 pension expense that's impacting '10 to '11. We don't see a further increase in that as we move from '11 to '12 or '13 or '14. So what will happen, what should happen, is we should see the leverage that's coming from the 6.9% plus inflation revenue increase year-on-year with O&M costs exclusive of, again, depreciation because of this big CapEx program that's rising slightly larger than inflation. We should see a decent amount of compound growth off of the 2011 number as we go forward through the rest of the price control periods through 2015. And again, sorry, what was the second...
James Miller: Okay. Thank you, Operator. And thank you for all tuning in on the call. I'd just make a couple of comments here as we close. One, I think we're very pleased with the results of our Kentucky acquisition thus far. And I think pretty clear we have accomplished what we intended when you see our reg earnings jumping from 27% up to 50%. So we're certainly moving along with our strategic direction that we've laid out to you. I think we're very pleased as we look at our potential compound annual growth rate, just shy of 10% on a regulated rate base, and also the high percentage of spend in that growth rate base that will come from regulatory jurisdictions where we eliminate a good part of the regulatory lag. So we're very encouraged by that. We've also pointed out, I think, that we do stand to benefit, basically, from the EPA regs as we see them unfolding, based, to some extent, on our early work in our Pennsylvania fleet and our Montana -- condition of our Montana assets and also the regulatory posture we have or structure we have in place in Kentucky. So I think with that, we feel pretty good about going forward. We've seen some encouraging industrial growth in some of our regulatory regions. And I think that's what we all want to see. And as this economy continues to try to recover, I think our position will strengthen there as well. And we'll see, I hope, improved prices in PJM, and we'll be able to take advantage of a really good fleet and good pricing position we have in the PJM Interconnection. So with that, I thank you all for sitting in on the call and look forward to talking to you again. Thank you, Operator.
William Spence: Sure. Ashar, it's Bill Spence. We would not expect anything significantly different from the last auction. Perhaps a slightly higher number because of the tweaks to the CONE that have been made. Now of course that's absent any impact to the New Jersey legislation or from that. We do expect that the companies, including PPL, that have filed a pleading at FERC and with PJM's expected response, we think we will be successful at requiring any new generation in New Jersey to be bid in at, hopefully, CONE. And that would certainly mitigate some of the potential impact that could otherwise come out of that. So I would say absent New Jersey, maybe a slight improvement compared to the last auction.
William Spence: Yes. Customer migration continues. About 50% of the customer load has switched to a third-party supplier. However, there is no net impact on PPL for two reasons. One is it's obviously a pass-through at the Electric Utility business unit. And as it relates to our competitive supply, we do not have any significant load-following positions in Pennsylvania under any load-following contracts, including PPL Electric Utilities.
William Spence: I think it will be very shortly. I don't have the exact time frame. But obviously, P3, which is the group that we're involved with, a lot of the larger PJM generators, made its pleading. I do expect a very timely response from PJM. And I would expect the market monitor to testify in support of making the necessary changes to impose a minimum offer price. And then at the same time, P3 members either collectively or individually will be making federal court challenges as it relates to federal preemption and trade interference. So that will be coming probably after, I would think, the PJM filing at FERC. But that's something that's obviously important to us as generators and a big challenge to competitive markets in PJM. So we are very serious about using everything in our power to overturn this kind of threat.
William Spence: I'd say probably you're going to get out to that '14, '15 time frame would be my guess. I mean, if you just think about where PJM capacity reserve margins are and you look at some of the projections, I think if you get out in that '14, '15 range, you get closer to the kind of targeted PJM reserve capacity mix. So I think that's probably in that time frame.
William Spence: Yes, many of those units either have old technology that would have to be refreshed or they lack some of the best available control technology that may be required under the various air emissions regulations in particular. So those are our best guess at this point of the incremental expense associated with bringing existing units up to the new standards.
William Spence: And that interest rate as well as just other impacts a longer cycle could help offset the longer depreciation period from that 20 to 40 years, as Paul said.
William Spence: And that we'll have to wait and see how things shake out, but I don't know that it would fundamentally change our view of the benefits of the U.K. regulatory scheme.
William Spence: Yes, it'll probably be a little bit higher, because it builds in some price increases that are in the longer-term contracts.
William Spence: Sure. Yes, I think last year, we ended with a negative basis to the weighted average of our plants of about $1.40. But as I mentioned on the last call, we had hedges in place that were helping to offset that. So we wound up at a positive $0.84 with our hedges incorporated. If you look at last year, as I mentioned, there were numerous transmission outages, in fact, more than we've ever seen in the recent past. There are somewhat less outages this year, and you have the trail line coming into service in June, which should help basis relative to last year. So I think while we've assumed zero, I think we're still very comfortable that that's an achievable number, and perhaps there may be a little bit of upside, depending on how things shake out with the trail line and congestion.
William Spence: That's correct. In the past, we also had a small amount for ancillary services, but of late, they've been very small as well. So yes, if you just added the capacity back in, in the basis assumption, then you're back to the fully loaded price.
William Spence: Sure. On the first question, no, there is no, not that I'm aware, there's no impact to double leverage on the REO. On the coal, our major contract with NS expires at the end of 2012.
