William H. Spence: Thank you, Vince. In closing, we had an outstanding quarter as we continued to execute our plans and deliver on our commitments. Our strong operational and financial performance is testament to the fact that our investments are providing positive results for our customers and our shareowners. We're pleased to have the potential of a mid-period review behind us. We believe Ofgem's decision demonstrated the regulatory discipline that's made the UK a premium regulatory jurisdiction. We'll continue to engage with Ofgem regarding RIIO-2 to achieve the best possible outcome for customers and shareowners. And finally, we remain confident in our ability to deliver competitive projected earnings growth and a secure and growing dividend as we invest responsibly in a sustainable energy future. With that operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
William H. Spence: Sure. We are still targeting approximately $1 billion in 2018. To date, we've issued about $160 million primarily through our DRIP and ATM program.
William H. Spence: Sure. Yeah, we're continuing to utilize the ATM program and there is more than sufficient liquidity and it is a very cost-effective means to do so. Having said that, we'll also continue to look at other means to effectively and efficiently issue the equity. So that's where we are on that.
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, just fine – and maybe just to make sure I answer the question. You're really asking what changed in terms of the reduction to the equity need or that there was a different...
William H. Spence: No, we would be at the high-end of the 5% to 6%. If you looked at, and this may have been the question on the Q4 call, was if you looked at a factoring in the forwards then that would really take us above the 6%. So if you assume today all other things being equal that we have $1 billion less of equity need and the forwards continue to hold where they are, we'd actually be in the 6.5% to 7% EPS growth through 2020.
William H. Spence: Yeah, correct. Yes. And if you look at the average hedge rate of $1.49, clearly that's above the $1.40 that was in the original plan. So that incremental hedging activity helps solidify, if you will, the growth rate that we're projecting.
William H. Spence: I would say, look, we'll continue to look at means to efficiently issue the equity, and clearly the ATM is the means by which we're doing it today. So we'll continue to assess, but it is very cost effective to do it this way and there seems to be sufficient liquidity to do it without affecting the stock price.
William H. Spence: Well, I don't know that there's a fundamental reason that we couldn't do it. I think we believe there are benefits to keeping the business mix as it currently stands as it does diversify our political risk, the macroeconomic risk or sort of regulatory risk. Divesting the UK, either in part or whole, continues to be value destructive due to significant tax leakage and some other issues, and we've got a fairly long history of this UK business being under a premier regulatory jurisdiction and I think Ofgem's recent decision not to conduct an MPR further supports that view. So our belief is the UK concerns will dissipate longer term and we see value in waiting that out at the moment.
William H. Spence: I think it's a matter of timing and just knowing that there's been an unusual amount of regulatory and political uncertainty over the last 6 to 12 months, in particular. I think to our plan is to continue to wait it out.
William H. Spence: Well, I think it's the Labour Party's recent missteps, I'll say, have taken that their currency, if you will, down quite a bit from what I can see and read and hear. And that's certainly a big factor, but I'd say on the flip side on the Conservative Party side, I think Theresa May, her currency has gained some ground, and as Brexit I think moves forward in a positive direction, our view is she'll continue to probably gain ground. So I think those are kind of the macro factors that I see.
William H. Spence: Yeah, well, although I would say and this held true previously that there were many in the Labour Party that did not agree that renationalization was feasible, even feasible let alone something that was desirable. So even if the leader of the Labour Party was to push that agenda, I'm not quite sure how far we get anyway.
William H. Spence: Yeah, I'll let Vince provide a couple more details, but following our Q4 call, we had a constructive dialogue with Moody's on our updated business plan, post-tax reform and the related equity needs and we've continued to refine that plan and are more confident that we can target the lower end of the previously announced equity range. And Vince can give you a couple of details as to why and kind of what's changed since Q4 call.
William H. Spence: We've had initial dialogue. We'll be going back with all the final numbers. We shared some preliminary information with them, so that that will happen in a couple of months probably.
William H. Spence: We're pretty much done. So, yeah. So once we're into 2020 or past 2020, through 2020, we'll essentially be done. We'll just have the management comp in DRIP and that's it.
William H. Spence: Yeah, so you're correct. Our focus, clearly, is on delivering the long-term value through organic growth with our high performing utilities and, at the same time, now we're focused on strengthening the balance sheet. As I've said before, we don't need to do a deal to be successful and we believe there's going to be ample opportunities to continue our growth rate beyond 2020. We mentioned, or I mentioned, in some of my prepared remarks about the UK and how we believe going into the RIIO-ED2 process, we think there's going to be some increased capital requirements and opportunities to meet some of the electrification goals that the government has. Relative to the states, we would continue to look at large projects and smaller ones. On the transmission side, we've been very successful at, what I would consider, kind of mid-size transmission projects. We still have the Compass project out there that we continue to work on. So something like that could be very meaningful from an EPS and growth perspective going forward. So those are the kind of opportunities we see post 2020, let's say.
William H. Spence: Sure. So when Ofgem initially came out with their kind of initial range of – if they set the cost of equity today, it would be in a range and that range was based on the current market conditions, which are negative in terms of the risk-free rate, negative by about 100 basis points. If you look, historically, at the 10- and 20-year averages, it's not been negative except for, really, the last 12 to 18 months. So this is an anomaly that we're seeing and, clearly, Ofgem is not going to set that rate for us today. So that rate for us will not be set until roughly 2021. So by that point, we would think that Brexit would be well behind us, that the Bank of England would be not fundamentally doing what they've been doing to kind of keep interest rates low, very low, and that the situation would improve. So we think this is kind of a very temporary period of time. And it was really just a comment that the rates are not going to be set today while there's a risk-free rate that's negative. And we don't believe it's going to be negative by the time we get to that 2021 (39:40) period.
William H. Spence: Great questions. So I think there would be either one of two things: either it would be directly taken into account in maybe adjusting the ROE; or, as we've seen in the past, to ensure that the companies are financeable, which is part of the Ofgem requirement, as well as provide opportunities for fair returns to shareowners, Ofgem has in the past adjusted other things, whether it's the fast pot, slow pot or how quickly recover depreciation expense, et cetera. They've adjusted those to provide the opportunity – or on the incentive front to provide the opportunity that shareowners would be able to earn in the past, the double-digit ROE.
William H. Spence: It's not intuitive and in fact, it's not consistent with the actual facts. Since, privatization, customer reliability and interruptions has improved by over 50%. And at the same time, the real cost has gone down of delivering power to consumers and customer satisfaction in the electric distribution segment is in an all-time record high. I think that's not the case for other networks and not to pick on the water companies, but I think the water companies have had a more difficult time of it, with customer satisfaction and other things. So I think that and the Mail service, which was privatized, are two of, I guess, the poster childs, if you want to call that, of what Jeremy Corbyn was focused on at the time of his call for some renationalization. So the distribution companies on the electric side were clearly not a target and the facts would not justify going back to nationalization.
William H. Spence: That is correct. Yeah, we did not. For us, that's really not a great option because we have the ability to recover our investments in a real-time or near real-time basis, so that for us didn't make sense. Yeah.
William H. Spence: Yeah, Michael, this is Bill. Yeah, that certainly would be an option. We would generate a lot more free cash flow. It's something we'll take a look at and always do as we develop our capital plans. Some of the capital plans are driven by either customer needs. So we would want to continue to do those that we think are imperative for the customers. In the case of the UK, we've already pretty much put forth the plan that was approved through 2023, early 2023. So that plan from a capital perspective is already pretty much set.
William H. Spence: Okay. Thanks to everyone for joining us on the call today. And we look forward to talking to you on the Q2 call.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So going from 35% to 21% reduced our income tax expense by $0.03 with a corresponding reduction in revenue and gross margin by $0.03. So no impact on net EPS, but those two line items were each impacted by $0.03.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: That's correct. The explanations I provided would be $0.06 in gross margins, excluding the lower revenues from income tax.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: And, Jonathan, it's Vince. I'm sure you've seen some markers on some sales of gas assets in the UK and...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So we think there are some market indications there for value and, again, we think the electric business has better growth than the gas business, and so that would support a higher multiple that we're seeing in our stock and where we historically traded.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yes, Steve. I would say that tax reform, it required significant amount of analysis and calculations in a very short period of time at year end, while we were closing the box trying to redo the business plan in preparation for the year end call. And to be honest, given that is why we issued a range of equity between $2 billion to $3 billion, given how much we tried to get done in a relatively short period of time. Subsequent to the call, we just went back and continued to refine the analysis with a strong focus on FFO, because as we've talked in the past, FFO carries a lot more weight in the FFO to debt metric than reducing debt does. It's about an eight times multiple on the leverage that you get there. And, so as kind of iterated the plan, we found we were a bit too conservative in the way we modeled some depreciation aspects and how that kind of flow through the cash flows and the earnings. That was to be honest with you, the bulk of it. And then there was just a little bit in a bunch of other line items that we found. But reality is it was specifically related to the impacts of tax reform that I think we over-modeled in that initial go at it.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So to answer your second question first, it was all pretty much related to cash flows in terms of – it's about $40 million a year of additional FFO to achieve the reduction in $1 billion of equity over a three-year period. And so, we were able to get that with fine tuning the modeling and dialing back some of those assumptions specifically related to tax reform. And then, Julien, what was the first part of your question again? Sorry.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Yeah, so very similar metrics to what we were targeting on the year-end call, mid-to-upper 12s for this year and then quickly getting to 13% by 2020. We're a little closer to 13% in 2019 than we were in the original plan, but basically getting to 13% in the 2019-2020 timeframe.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So Pennsylvania is slightly different. We are currently in the process of dialoguing with the PA PUC on exactly how the industry and specific companies will handle the effects of tax reform. On March 15, the Commission actually report that they had sent out a Secretarial Letter requesting information from all of the utilities. We responded to that on March 15. They set rates to be temporary and then for basically six months with the option to extend it another six months and they are now really assessing the impacts. They also asked if utilities had either capital or other projects that we could redeploy the revenues that we were collecting from the higher tax rate, and so we've submitted ideas around that. So at this point, we're not sure if or when we would have to give the revenue back on the distribution side. And then on transmission, we file our formula rate effective June 1, and that's when we will make the reduction from 35% to 21% in that filing.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: So, yeah, the two main points are the higher rates from the rate case. That one was effective in July of last year and that was about $0.03 and then weather was about $0.03.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: We're getting close to that, Michael. Free cash flow does turn positive about that time actually. I don't have it specifically in front of me, but that sounds about right.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Better safe than sorry, I guess. And if I recall, you would never put on negative outlook. So...
Steve Fleishman: So I guess, again – which I assume this updated plan has been cleared with the agencies in that light.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then my last question on equity is my recollection is that you – part of that desired equity was just a front-end loading of equity that was already planned like in years four and five of your five-year plan. Is that still the case, so that when this is all done...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So perhaps to pick up where Steve left off. If I can ask you to elaborate a little bit on where this positions your FFO to debt. Where within the targets does this put you given the reduced equity? And then secondly, can you just quantify a little bit more, how much of this was a shift in cash flows versus just kind of exactly squaring your debt balances? Maybe a little bit of rehash in last one.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then if I can follow-up a little bit. When you talk about cash flows here on slide, I think it's 20 of the deck, can you contrast that a little bit with how you would see that kind of similar metrics for the international side of the house? You can kind of talk about that on the fly, maybe talk about net cash flows in and out, as you think about the business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No worries. And then, maybe just a kind of follow-up. I think this was Jonathan's question. When you think about some of the media reports out there regarding M&A in the sector domestically, right, in the U.S., how do you think about your own positioning? I mean, clearly you have a view of your own currency, but at the same time I suppose if you look at your CapEx forecast, it's somewhat backwardated. How do you think about sort of finding and establishing the next round of CapEx opportunities? You all have been fairly successful organically, historically, but at the same time I suppose I've got to ask.
