Paul Farr: Sure. I think we have covered this in prior calls. We have front-ended quite a bit of the equity with the converged securities. We had the $1.150 billion that converted this past year, mid year, and we have got another almost $1 billion plus the equity forward that we did this past year. And then we have got almost $1 billion that's converting mid-year this year. You talked about the $900 million pre-tax that's expected from the sale of the hydro facilities. So as we look at our target credit metrics, we look at the internal cash flow which, as we move towards the back end of the plan from a domestic regulated utility perspective, gets much improved from where we sit today, given that we are starting to harvest cash from these significant investments that we are making in the infrastructure. We do get real time recovery of a very significant majority of the CapEx across the regulated utility space, the regulated utility segment. So, at this point in time, we don't forecast the need for equity beyond basically, what we have already got submitted to the company.
Paul Farr: Yes. This is Paul. It will be spread over a couple of years, but yeah, we will get full recovery of that, including an equity carry component to the charge.
Paul Farr: The maintenance CapEx around those (inaudible) is not significant, relative to the normal budget for Susquehanna.
Paul Farr: Its about -- of the improvements, the significant increase in margins, what I talked about for 2014 on that earnings log slide. Susquehanna to Roseland was about $0.04 to $0.05 of that total amount. So it’s the single biggest driver, and then the DISC program was about $0.02.
Paul Farr: Sure, as I indicated earlier, we did take out $40 million in costs last year in 2013. The items are really more related to the Fossil Fleet than they are to Susquehanna. We are not reducing O&M costs at Susquehanna. And on an ongoing basis, we are expecting flat O&M at the moment. But having said that, we are going to continue to look aggressively at ways we can reduce costs (inaudible), taking out the inflationary pressure.
Paul Farr: I would say, the only change there is more volatility obviously in the forwards, which to some degree, we have taken advantage of by layering some more hedges for 2015. We are already fairly highly hedged coming into 2014. But we were able to take advantage of that at hedge price levels that are at or above our business plan. So that had a positive impact. If you look at the overall mix between our generation of retail, the net effect of the weather in January, we expect to be positive, although we have not closed the books yet for January, but on a net basis, we still expect January to be positive to our EPS.
Paul Farr: No. Pretty much the same, no change. As you know, for us it’s a fairly immaterial part of the overall earnings and business mix.
Paul Farr: I am just kind of taking a quick look at those slides right now. The U.K. is up a bit in terms of kind of improved FX assumptions and other things that we have layered on. I talked about, at the front-end, the $650 million -- actually, when you wrap in 18, versus where we originally thought 18 was going to be at, transmission and distribution reliability in Pennsylvania is up by almost $1 billion. We will have to get back to you in terms of that net increase, and looking at 17. We were at roughly 28. Some of this transmission spend does go in more towards the back end, so you wouldn't start to see that, until we are being [gathered] in, till we get closer to the back end. But we can get back to you on the differential on the net rate base.
Paul Farr: Yes. So for 2014, between the actuals and the books and where we sit with hedges, we are in excess of 92% actually hedged for the current year, and we are very materially hedged in the 70% to 80% range for 2015 as well. Right around $1.59 for this year hedges, and close t o$1.61 on next years.
Paul Farr: Yeah, I would expect that we maintain the spending kind of for our plans, including what was filed with the RIO-ED1 plan. A lot of the costs, the efficiency that we are able to get out of the Midlands has been taken out. So I am certain, that there are some modest things that we can do around, continued supply chain optimization and other things. But we spend the dollars on the network to create the reliability, which drives our opportunity to outperform the bonus revenue targets. And so, everything that we look at, is done on a complete cost benefit basis, not for short term drivers and spending that we are doing in the Midlands now, some of it is literally catch-up spending that EON hadn't performed, and we will continue through that, through the end of the DPCR5 period. And then again, the plan is to spend, pursuant to the things that we are driving the net income numbers at -- that we provided on July 1 last year. We will update those numbers, once we can internalize the final RIO-ED1 outcome from a fast track perspective. But I wouldn't see cost reduction efforts being material in the U.K., as we move forward.
Paul Farr: It has got a log, it has got increased OEM expenses, because we have inflation, we have wage increases. We have got some additional outages that we didn't have in the 12 months ended, 12/31/2013. And then of course, the additional capital spend, that's otherwise recoverable through the ECR. Those are the drivers. As well as, we have modest load growth. We are using about 0.5%. So we don't have that much load growth to offset inflation and wage increases and the like. That's what's really driving it.
Paul Farr: We generally look to file rate cases when we (inaudible) 9% on an ROE basis, so we would -- if we filed in say June of 2014, new rates would go in effect on 1/1/2015. So its about a six month lag between filing the case and the new rates going into effect.
Paul Farr: Yeah. So for 2014, we'd expect across all the segments, about a $0.07 improvement in pension, running through the P&L, about a nickel of that in the U.K., and then about $0.02, pretty much evenly split between Kentucky, and then the balance of EU and Supply.
Paul Farr: It would be less than if we went out and just get straightforwards or collars where we'd -- on a mark-to-market basis to the extent that prices go against us and rise after we lay in those hedges. We are posting collateral at the ICE and NYMEX and the exchanges, given that the OTC side of things is pretty much kind of dried up. So if we use the traditional hedges, and we do -- as we do expect to see a rising price environment, we'd be joint on LCs and cash postings to be able to meet those calls. So on a working capital basis, it consumes less.
Paul Farr: Well yeah, we have lived through. We just got then, answering a couple of questions on, what retail load experienced here in the month of January, which has clearly been negative; because the weather has been -- we forecast normal weather ranges around the volatility in that load, plus volatility around things like shopping. The weather has truly been exceptional in January, and even in the front part of February here. So as I said earlier in my comments, we have lived through some of this volatility in the past, in 2008 and 2009, when shopping levels were high. We will plan to keep this business to be relatively modest in size. It’s a good natural hedge, because most of the hedging we are doing, is to customers' right in the same neighborhood, that this generation has been hedging, since it has been built. So we've looked for us to be aggressive in adding to that. But there will be periods of time when that retail book provides better return opportunities than agendas and periods like in January and February, where the gen provides the better value proposition if you will of the total margins. But we will continue to modest in retail.
William Spence: Yeah, starting with the U.K. on that point, Kit, we do expect the week of February 17 to have some signal on the ROE issue, and then final determination for our fast tracking by the end of the month. I will ask Vic Staffieri to cover the Kentucky rate case outlook, and then following that Greg Dudkin for the PA outlook.
William Spence: Well I think just as a general proposition, we don't expect a lot of changes, because the plans themselves have been deemed as accepted as filed. So the key piece that we are looking for is, what they may decide on an ROE basis. So we do expect that to be a constructive outcome. We know that, based on our past experience, that they have been very balanced. They recognize our need to finance these companies and maintain strong financial metrics across the board, both for equity, as well as for the debt side. So we are hopeful that the outcome, when we get it, the week of February 17 will be a constructive one.
William Spence: It's really just pulling forward some of the benefit of the rate reduction that was otherwise going to happen with the shaping of revenues. And as long as we are able to get that full carry, we were economically neutral, and we were happy to do it.
William Spence: Sure. As you know, our current plan is to optimize the plants, and we are continuing to aggressively look at our cost structure and our operations to optimize the value of the fleet. Having said that, we are certainly open to other opportunities and routinely assess the potential for adding further value in the supply business and with the overall portfolio in total. So, we are willing to execute on opportunities, as evidenced by our decision to sell the Montana hydroelectric plants.
William Spence: I do get this question every quarter. We do think there is inherent value in this high quality fleet that we operate in upside potential, when we see the energy markets begin to recover. We are continuing on the plan to maintain a positive EPS contribution from that business to the company, and continue to believe that can be accomplished. But we are looking for opportunities to enhance the value all the time, and continue to assess options. I think its an ongoing process. There is no end date in mind, its continuous and we will continue to assess options for that business.
William Spence: WPD was a small amount. We provided that update, at the time we filed the business plan in July. It's gone up a small amount. Most of the rest of it is relatively consistent with what the prior expected spending was. We did add, as I said earlier, between 14 and 17, $650 million of transmission CapEx. So the maroon bar on slide 17, that's a little more back ended. But we do some level of increased spending, starting in 2014.
William Spence: Well I think from a capability, Susquehanna-Roseland is a big piece. The other ones are, improved reliability of our system. So its improving the reliability supply within our system, within PJM.
William Spence: Well, with the planning parameters having just come out, we are still in the process of assessing and modeling what does it mean for PPL and the poll in general. So we haven't completed that work year, but we are continuing to take a look at what all this is likely to mean. So unfortunately, I can't give you even a best guess at this point about what we think, until we finish that modeling.
William Spence: Well, on the hydro asset sale, let me just start there. That process is moving ahead as we had anticipated. Both state and federal applications have been filed. Back in late December, Northwestern Energy submitted their application to the Montana PSC and there will be a discovery process, followed by a public hearing, which is scheduled for early July at this point. We would expect the final FERC order by June, which is what we have requested, and we expect the Montana PSC to rule, hopefully by around the September timeframe. For the rest of the assets remaining out there, we are just continuing to assess what options we have for those, and there is really no new update on that front at the moment.
William Spence: Again on a net basis for us, with the fleet that we have and with the retail, it’s a net positive for us. But clearly, there is a drag on the retail end. I don't really have figures on exactly, as I mentioned, we haven't closed the books yet for January, so its really premature to give you a number. But clearly, we expect it to be a net drag on the retail front, offset by a very positive outcome on the generating fleet side.
William Spence: I mean, the driver is the new construction, the combined cycles that we just discussed very briefly there. Its going to be the -- how much capital investment we will spend between now and the end of the year, we want to recover that obviously, and so we are looking at what's the optimum time to file a case, given the stream of expenditures, as well as the test periods and what are the future rate years in the offerings. So those are the analysis. But it really will be driven by the capital investment that's not recoverable through the ECR.
William Spence: Well, the biggest value for us is really on the ability to hedge the output of some of our fleet. So we look at it really as a tool, that we can use among other tools, to place the generation into the marketplace. So that's the primary purpose of it. I think, in terms of incremental investments to go beyond that, its not something that we are focused on. We are obviously, very focused on the regulated side of the business, and incremental capital that we have is going into the regulated side of the business.
William Spence: I would just add that, when we look at retail, you have got to look at of course, what are the margins that that business can achieve, based on the competition in the marketplace, and is that incremental margin compared to your opportunities worth the incremental risk that you are picking up. So as Paul mentioned, on the positive side, you can lock in basis, but you can't necessarily lock with standard products. You don't have the collateral. It’s a good for us, a good match to our generation. So those are the positives. But on the negative side, your margins may not be commensurate with the risks that you are taking on. So we have to balance all of that, and then assess what's the proper and appropriate level of hedging we want to do, via the retail market.
William Spence: Well, on the nuclear side, as I mentioned earlier, we are not looking to necessarily cut the O&M. That's the unique asset and we don't want to take any chances with not fully supporting the plant. So when you look at the O&M on a KW basis, on the other facilities, the fossil and hydro, that's something we continue to benchmark and look at best practices. I don't have the number off the top of my head that I can give you, so I will just say that we are going to continue to look for opportunities to aggressively cut costs where we can, and I think what we did in 2013 with the $40 million, it was an appropriate level and its probably in that kind of a range that you are going to see going forward, that may be, we can continue to target taking out. But beyond that, really hard to answer that question without more benchmarking.
William Spence: Constructive to me would be something less than the outcome that they saw on Ireland, and I would say that, our expectations -- its hard to gauge, but would be that, Ofgem would take a look at our specific performance and accordingly, grant us something that's reasonable. But I would say, if it came out somewhere in between, we'd just have to kind of assess. But I would expect if its not the status quo meaning no change, its going to be something -- I would hope, its something less, and we just have to assess, once we get to that point what that means, and what actions, if any, we would take as a result.
William Spence: We could -- depending right now, we are waiting for the February 17, that week for an outcome on the ROE. We will then assess what our options are at the end of that period. However, my understanding is, that we could go the slow tracker out, if we weren't happy with the outcome. But I think that might be unlikely, given the value and the benefit of the incremental revenues that you get by fast tracking. So I would think that that's a low probability, but again, we have to wait and see what Ofgem tells us in the outcome, on the week of the 17th, and assess where we are at that point.
William Spence: I really don't know why I would not think that its bigger than, at least not predominantly, by generator deactivations. I am not aware of any significant generators that are planning to retire, and its certainly, none of the PPL generators. So until we get more clarity on that, I am not exactly sure why they believe it could break out.
William Spence: No. Not materially. But for the last couple of years, we have also rolled some coal in contracts and pile into the subsequent year. So again, depending upon where we see capacity factors, especially this spring and fall, you could see some movement, ultimately between the years as well. The value of the hedge is the value of the hedge, so we have captured that. But we are cognizant of the decline or the trending in the decline in coal prices, and we will monitor that. But I don't think, we are going to be actively pursuing significant increases in these hedges in the near term.
William Spence: Okay, you're welcome. Okay, operator, I believe that's it, and thanks everyone for joining us today.
Gregory Dudkin: And this is Greg Dudkin on Pennsylvania. We do not intend to file our rate case in 2014, and we will continue to look at the needs beyond 2014.
Gregory Dudkin: Yeah. These are all projects on our existing facility, so its basically rebuilding our older facilities. We had some transmission lines that were built in the 1920s, so its basically rebuilding those lines, reconductoring those lines. As well as, about $400 million for improving reliability, which means things like having automated switches, transmission switches, better relays, that type of thing. They are all going to be recovered through the formula rate.
Gregory Dudkin: Well, this is our best look right now at our plant. So this is what we see as prudent investment. If there are other opportunities that arise, we will take a look at those.
David DeCampli: Yes Julien, there is two outages planned for this spring. We will be taking one unit off, just to do some modifications for the turbine blade situation. That will be a relatively short outage, during the month of March. Basically, we are going inside the turbine housings and removing some of the riveting in there, that disrupts the seam flow. We will also be replacing the turbine blades in that unit, to assure that we can get a full year run, till it connects refuel cycle in the spring of 2015. Unit 1 comes off for its refill outage, and within the scope of the refill outage, we will actually be doing a different modification to the -- this last rope of [suspect] turbine blades, will be installing a shorter redefined blade, that we believe will be likely part of the permanent solution. So the shorter blades will be installed, and it would be done inside the confines of the refuel outage duration in April and into early May. So we are doing two modifications, one on one unit, one on the other unit, both of which we think will contribute to the permanent solution to run two years, cycle to cycle.
David DeCampli: Sure. The impact last year with the multiple outages we had to take, was about $30 million net income after tax impact. Forecast going forward for 2014 would be, a little more than half of that, and then of course, in performance year 2015, we expect to run full cycle.
David DeCampli: In between load following and retail, only a couple of thousand megawatts. If you go back to the, kind of 2008 shopping timeframe experience and everything that happened in that window, when the liquidity kind of drained up; retail and load following is a relatively small component of the total hedge book, and we expect -- to keep it at those levels growing organically and modestly. So you probably are -- you may be trying to triangulate what others are experiencing, but it’s a small piece of PPL.
David DeCampli: We do have verified, on our nuclear assets that we benchmark extremely well in O&M costs per KWH or KW as compared to other fleet units, new unit fleets and [new] unit standalone facilities as well. So we are really well in the game with our O&M costs, with the nuclear facility.
David DeCampli: Its about an 80-20 split. Between 80% being that applied more direct to the supply business, 20% being more of the corporate and other overheads. And of that 80%, probably, I would say about $600 million to $700 million of that is direct O&M, associated with plant operations.
David DeCampli: Our coal hedges for 2014 are standing at about 94% and in 2015, about 63%. Beyond that, we are just continuing to take a look at the price of coal, market prices for energy, and we will hedge in, as appropriate. But we stand currently at 94% and 63% for 2014 and 2015.
David DeCampli: I don't know that we have seen any material ones. I think we have heard a few, very small providers going out of business. But we don't really have a lot of data points, to be honest.
David DeCampli: Yeah, this is David DeCampli. Colstrip Unit 4 came back online full power in late January. So it is returned to service.
