Victor A. Staffieri: Yes. Just recently our Governor has announced that notwithstanding the fact that Kentucky will continue to litigate as well as our company, we will, in fact, be filing for an extension of time in September this year to push out the compliance – our compliance plans for at least an additional two years. I think, in the interim, we will continue to work with them to develop a plan that will be in the best interest of Kentucky consumers. We will work with the Kentucky Public Service Commission, of course, to get a plan that's acceptable and then, from our perspective, I would anticipate us perhaps contemplating another combined cycle plan later in the planning spec, like outside this planning period probably by 2022. But I do think, Kentucky realizes that it would like to maintain the flexibility both to develop its own plan and not being subject necessarily to New York, because this was a Federal implementation plan. And second, be in a position to alter its plan to the extent litigation should be successful in part or in total. So that's where we are. And I think it will be a constructive exercise for all of us. And I think the state recognizes the need to maintain its flexibility.
Victor A. Staffieri: I think that's spot on. Our initial projection would suggest we don't have to do anything until 2022. So you wouldn't see any capital expenditures as a run up to the – to a new power plant until – after the 2018 or 2019 that you're looking at now.
Victor A. Staffieri: No, Brian, it was purely a matter – we had some large municipals that are coming off the system later in the period, five years from now; and so that's why we made the change. We went through that application last year; had nothing to do with this Clean Power Plan. We do not have any other generation in this plant either. So, no, it had nothing to do with Clean Power Plan and there are no other anticipated deferrals of the capital spending.
Victor A. Staffieri: That's correct. They gave us notice – they have five-year termination period. They gave us notice of termination of about 300 megawatts, they gave it to us last year. We've noted it before. And as a result, we had into the Commission looking for approval to build the plant; we withdrew that approval and the municipal notified us that they were coming off of our system and were contemplating going elsewhere. And to the extent we have lost that revenue, we'll make it up in the rate case timing that we have.
Victor A. Staffieri: In Kentucky for the period, Michael, we are somewhere within 50 basis points of the allowed 10% ROE. Headwinds for us, not a whole lot, because we're going to be in rate case cycle. Most of our returns are coming either from rate cases or ECRs. We're using future rate years, which would take into account of any economic issues, which is the only thing that I could see; other than that, it's a pretty solid plan for us.
William H. Spence: Dan, we are very confident that we can still hit the 5% to 6% even under today's pretty weak pound. So, yeah, I think we do have levers to pull, O&M and some other things that we've looked at. So, I think, yes, we are still very confident that even with this weak pound that we can maintain that 5% to 6%.
William H. Spence: I mean, I would say throughout 2016, we'll execute on the rest of the re-strikes that we've embedded in the plan.
William H. Spence: It certainly is possible. and just having seen this change here at the end of the last year, we'll look to that opportunity for additional spending once we begin the planning process again for this year taking us out through 2019. But, for now, we believe, we've got a really solid plan with all completely identifiable projects through 2018 that we are highly confident we can execute on, and we'll continue to look to see if there is additional projects we can bring into that window or the window just beyond 2018.
William H. Spence: Yeah. Relative to sales forecast, typically, and I think what you're probably referring to is new customer load predominantly. So that's pretty small – very small in the context of the large capital plan that we have. So it would not be a major factor in moving the CapEx around one way or the other.
William H. Spence: Yeah. So part of it, as I mentioned, were the operating and maintenance expense timing, so we could move things around. I think also, as we've seen in the past, when we have years where we've got strong earnings either driven by weather or other events, we've taken that ability to go ahead and do re-strikes on the hedges or set in new hedges. So I think we have built into the plan. I know we have built into the plan some re-strikes, some funds, if you will, for basically moving hedges around in time periods to meet our plan. So I think the combination of those two would probably be the two levers that would most likely get pulled to keep us at that minimum 5% EPS growth rate that we're confident we can hit.
William H. Spence: For Kentucky it's – we're using an average over the period of less than – about 0.5% over the period. I think for Pennsylvania...
William H. Spence: Plus we are in the same place for 2016 – Kentucky, we're in the same place for 2016, we just finished up our rate case also using a future rate year. And as we noted earlier, we made our filing on the ECR. So we're in pretty good shape.
William H. Spence: Yeah. I would say at this point, Anthony, we would likely refi that as opposed to just paying it down.
William H. Spence: I think that's a fair way to look at it. We've not executed those yet, but we have the ability and the room to do that. So I think that's (53:38).
William H. Spence: Okay. Thanks everyone for your participation on today's call. I would just summarize by saying that 2015 was an extremely pivotal year for PPL for many of the reasons I mentioned at the outset of my remarks. I think it's incredible if you look at where we are since the spin. We've raised EPS growth rate guidance; we've achieved two favorable rate outcomes in Pennsylvania and Kentucky; we've raised our guidance on UK incentive revenue; we lowered our exposure to the pound; we signaled meaningful increases in our dividend growth; and we've lowered our equity needs. I can't think of another company that has accomplished so much in such a short period of time. And throughout this transformation, we've continued to execute at a high level, consistently delivered on our earnings forecast, exceeding the midpoint of our forecast for the sixth year in a row. Our assets are diverse. We operate in premium jurisdictions continuing to invest heavily in our businesses to improve service for customers as well as grow value for shareowners, and I think we've demonstrated a proven ability to execute very large capital projects and managing our foreign currency exposure. Looking forward, I believe we're very well positioned to continue to deliver on these commitments, the shareowners offering competitive earnings growth, and an-above average dividend yield. So with that, thank you very much for being on the call today and look forward to our next earnings call. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi: Dan, it's Vince. I think if we have to hedge up everything at $1.46, we would be at the lower end of the 5% to 6% range, but we still think we'll be in that range.
Vincent Sorgi: This is Vince. So some of that – so we have about $0.05 or $0.06 kind of built into the plan to do re-strikes, and further hedge up 2018. Some of that's embedded in the UK guidance, I think some of it's probably sitting up at Corporate And Other as well, but in total it's about $0.05 or $0.06.
Vincent Sorgi: How are you doing, Michael? It's Vince. So just first on the tax rate, 17%, I think, is pretty much where we've been guiding, the last few calls. So I would say that's consistent and pretty much see it at around 17% going out for a few years now. On the O&M, if you look at slide 15, it kind of shows the walk from the $2.21 to the $2.35. You'll see O&M is really not a major driver, except for the UK, it's $0.02 – sorry, it's $0.07 down. About a nickel $0.05 of that is that pension methodology change. So outside of that, I would say, O&M is really not a major driver year-over-year.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. So on 2016, I would say weather, load growth, O&M management – currency is pretty much locked in, so that's really not driving much of the exposure there. I think those are the main drivers.
Vincent Sorgi: Just to get back on – was it Anthony's question, on how much debt is that cap funding; $3.6 billion.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yeah. So with regard to potential JVs, we're prepared to go this alone. But if there is a JV that makes sense, we'll certainly look at that. As far as the other segments of the line are concerned, right now, we are focused on this segment and we'll continue to evaluate the other segments to make sure that we have the right cost, the right plans, the right modeling; and then as we get to a point where we believe that we have an exceptional project, we'll then release that similar to the way we did on the first segment.
Gregory N. Dudkin: And Pennsylvania, it's Greg Dudkin, our expected GAAP combined ROE is 9.7% and we don't really see any headwinds, particularly in 2016, because in the distribution case we had a fully projected future test year. So we're very confident we'll be able to achieve that.
Gregory N. Dudkin: No. I think, Bill, you're right, but, remember we're using future rate years now. So all of these costs are embedded and we have no plans other than what we filed with the Commission. So I'm not sure there are a lot of – there are no really unknown puts or takes. So, I think, again, that's why we say it's pretty solid, because it's based on a – our rates are based on a future rate year and extended, in this case – our case, through the middle of next year. So we're not – our plans are pretty solid. There's not a whole lot of puts and takes. So we're going to do what we told the Commission we're going to do.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Wage increases attracted additional manpower to meet SIP requirements, things like that; they're all embedded in our rates. But when you do look at 2015 to 2016, that's where you would see it in those categories. Go ahead.
