Joseph Bergstein: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. I'll cover our first quarter segment results on Slide 6. As Vince noted, we reported 2022 first quarter GAAP earnings of $0.37 per share. Special items in the first quarter were $0.04 per share, primarily due to integration expenses associated with the planned acquisition of Narragansett Electric. Adjusting for these items, first quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.41 per share.  Turning to the ongoing segment drivers. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.19 per share, a $0.03 year-over-year increase. The improved earnings results in Pennsylvania were primarily driven by higher peak transmission demand, returns on additional capital investments in transmission and higher sales volumes. The increases were partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense, including higher-than-expected storm costs.  Turning to our Kentucky segment, we earned $0.25 per share in the first quarter, $0.07 increase over comparable results 1 year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher base retail rates effective July 1, 2021. Partially offsetting this increase was higher depreciation due to additions to PP&E.  Results at Corporate and Other were $0.03 higher compared to the prior year. Factors driving earnings results at Corporate and Other primarily included lower interest expense, primarily resulting from the recapitalization of the balance sheet following the sale of WPD.  Finally, included in the segment results, as reflected on this slide, is a $0.02 increase in our first quarter 2022 EPS due to share accretion resulting from the $1 billion of buybacks completed in 2021.  That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Vince for some closing comments.
Joseph Bergstein: Yes. So Shar, we'll lay out all the details at the Investor Day when we have it. I mean clearly, we have cash available for the acquisition of NECO when we conclude that process. But anything beyond that, we'll discuss at the Investor Day.
Joseph Bergstein: I think, Nick, the other part of your question was the current rate base and that's -- that was the other part of your question. That's about $5 billion today.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. As I noted earlier in my remarks, we continue to work diligently through the state appeals process in Rhode Island. While the appeal has delayed the closing of the acquisition, we are confident we will complete this transaction, and we look forward to introducing a new PPL, a PPL that is built for the future, an innovative, best-in-class utility operator positioned to deliver competitive earnings and dividend growth, backed by one of the strongest balance sheets in our sector, employees to lead the clean energy transition, while keeping energy service affordable and reliable for our customers.  And we continue to look forward to sharing a strategic update, including long-term growth projections at an Investor Day following the Rhode Island closing.  With that, operator, let's open the call for Q&A.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Shar. Let me just reiterate that we are in active litigation in Rhode Island. And as I said, we're engaged in settling discussions with the Rhode Island AG's office. So I really can't say any more than what I've already said in my prepared remarks.  I'll just reiterate that we're confident that we'll close the transaction in a timely fashion and again, look forward to rolling out the new PPL at an Investor Day shortly following the close. But look, I appreciate that you may have some questions about the matter, but I really need you to respect where we are in this process.
Vincent Sorgi: Well, I'll just say that at the Investor Day, we'll provide a comprehensive update on the company's outlook, our strategy -- and again, we're calling it the new PPL for a reason, Shar. So I know it's been a while since we've had some detailed financial projections out there, but we're really looking forward to laying all of this out for the market. It will provide the investment opportunities in each of the jurisdictions, where we see the near-term and long-term growth going and really, how that translates into our earnings and dividend growth projections. So we'll cover all of that at the Investor Day for sure.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I'll just say, look, we're focused on growing -- having our earnings growth very competitive, and we'll lay all that out at Investor Day. We're confident we're going to deliver.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Well it's certainly an area that we're keeping an eye on. In both PA and Kentucky, we've seen some increase in prices due to inflation. However, we expect to be able to manage that. Really, where you're seeing the largest impact of inflation is on the cost of energy. So the energy purchases, the fuel purchases. And even though they don't necessarily impact the P&L because those are pass-through costs, they certainly impact affordability for our customers and that continues to be a key area that we're focused on in ensuring that our energy remains affordable for our customers.  So one of the key aspects of our business plan, and we'll get into a lot more detail on this at the Investor Day, is to drive efficiency across the entire business. Some of the -- parts of that strategy are centralizing our shared services functions. We're further leveraging our supply chain function and as we talked about, continuing to use technology and work optimization to reduce our overall cost.  On the affordability side, in addition to just maintaining and driving efficiency across the enterprise on the cost side, we are very focused on ensuring that our customers are aware of all the programs that are available to them as they think about paying their utility bills and we'll likely need to provide flexible payment plans to our customers just like we did during the pandemic.  So all of these activities, Nick, we think are going to serve us well in this inflationary environment as, again, we continue to look to maintain affordability for our customers.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So Anthony, that just means that the Attorney General's office is not looking for the judge to strike down in totality the decision that the division made to approve the transaction and then we basically start from scratch. What was requested was that they remand the decision back to the division with instruction to address the issues that the Rhode Island Attorney General's office had. So it's just making reference to what was being requested by the Attorney General's office. It's not a complete redo.
Vincent Sorgi: No. No, as I said in my prepared remarks, really the 2 issues that the Attorney General's office is challenging within the decision is whether or not the act on climate was adequately reviewed and analyzed in providing the approval and then whether the public interest requirement was met. So those were the 2 primary challenges that the Attorney General had around the decision.
Vincent Sorgi: Well, we'll lay out our new capital plan on the Investor Day, Paul. But specifically related to the old plans, they're not being impacted by that.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So last year's rate case, we had a 4-year stay-out provision. We do have the environmental recovery mechanism in Kentucky. So if there are any environmental-related capital spend, that does get recovered, Michael, on a more real-time basis. But just more broadly, we have the DSIC mechanism in Pennsylvania. So even while Greg just mentioned, we don't have a base rate case, we do have the DSIC mechanism there.  And then in Rhode Island, they have their capital recovery mechanism as well that does not require base rate cases.  So the plan that we'll lay out in the Investor Day will not rely on any near-term rate cases across the entire portfolio, which we think will differentiate our plan against some of our peers.
Vincent Sorgi: I think that we'd probably be better off responding to that at the Investor Day. But it's probably still a couple of hundred million over that time period, not as much as what we were showing the prior 5 years or so, Michael, but there's still a little bit to go there.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I just want to thank everybody for joining the call. Again, first quarter, I think a good start to the year. We remain confident in our ability to close Narragansett and really looking forward to laying out the new PPL for everybody shortly after closing. So appreciate everybody's time.
