Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In summary, as we continue to execute our strategic priorities, I am incredibly excited about PPL's future. We continue to deliver electricity and natural gas safely, reliably, and affordably for our customers. We continue to evolve our clean energy strategy and drive innovation across our Company. We completed the sale of our UK utility business, achieving outstanding value for our shareowners. We're on track to close on our Narragansett acquisition within the expected timeframes. And the new PPL will emerge from our strategic repositioning, as a much stronger Company, one poised for long-term growth and success. With that Operator, let's open the call for questions.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. You hit a lot in that question Shar. In terms of timing, I would say that we're not really setting an arbitrary timeline to complete this. We want to make sure that we're going through this process in a disciplined and diligent way as we always do, so not really setting an artificial timeline on that, but to your point, you mentioned many of the factors that really are going into the process. So we're in the middle right now of assessing the capital plans, including for Rhode Island once acquired, and we do see additional T&D opportunities across the utilities, Again, including Rhode Island, for the benefit of our customers to drive improved efficiency and resiliency of the networks, as well as additional gas LDC investments to further enhance the safety of those operations. And again, from a capital deployment perspective, we think deploying capital into the utilities can create significant value for all of our customers and our shareowners. A lot of work going on right now going through that. You mentioned having the closure of Rhode Island, that's obviously a key component of how we think about capital deployment moving forward within the utilities. In terms of timing, we'll want to see the closure of getting the deals on. You also mentioned the IRP in Kentucky, that as well as the Climate Assessment Report, will be key inputs into our Clean Energy strategy going forward, there could be some capital deployment opportunities coming out of that. I think you hit all the points in terms of the areas that we're looking at that will ultimately drive the organic use of the remaining proceeds. In terms of M&A, I would just say that first of all, we don't need M&A to hit the targets that we're -- that we are targeting from both earnings and a growth perspective, and we will continue to be disciplined as we look at M&A opportunities as we always have been. I'll just say that the current valuations that we're seeing in the market are quite high. The utilities are trading quite expensively right now. We didn't pay anywhere near some of those valuations for Rhode Island, and we continue to think the Rhode Island [Indiscernable] will drive value for our shareowners. It will be earnings accretive, credit accretive, and value accretive for our shareowners. So again, from our perspective, maintaining discipline is incredibly important and we'll continue to do that.
Vincent Sorgi: Well, again, I would say, never say never, but it's not impossible to create value at these valuations, but it is tough. So we'll continue to look at inorganic opportunities, strategic opportunities, but again, maintaining that discipline as we think about capital deployment opportunities organically as I talked about, but also share buybacks as well.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So we will come out with the dividend guidance and all of that once we close the Rhode Island transaction. At that point in time, we'll be able to come out with our earnings guidance, what's the growth rate, of the range on the growth rate for earnings. As we've indicated, we expect, once we adjust the dividend to a targeted payout of around 60% to 65%, we would expect to be able to grow that going forward in line with our earnings. And all of that will be communicated once we close the Rhode Island transaction.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Thanks, Durgesh. I think we see opportunity across the entire portfolio once we acquire Rhode Island, of course, we need to get through the regulatory process in Rhode Island, we will be meeting with the Governor and the legislature up there, as well as the commission and regulatory bodies on putting together what we think the best investment plan moving forward for Rhode Island will be. We've talked about the Clean Energy aspirations that the state has, they are quite aggressive when you compare them to other states, which we completely think we can support with what we've been able to accomplish in Pennsylvania and be able to replicate that up there. I think for us Durgesh, it's really about working with the state stakeholders and identify how quickly they want to move on that and then how quickly can we deploy our operating model and keep it affordable for our customers. We see tremendous opportunity up there, but that's something that we'll be working on once we close the deal. Having said that, I think we see continued opportunity both in Pennsylvania and Kentucky to continue to bring those utilities along the utility of the futures curve and continue to make investments in PA and Kentucky as well. So those are the activities we're going through right now over the summer and we'll be in a position to communicate that again once the Rhode Island deal closes and we come out with the whole story.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah, we just thought that it struck a nice balance in terms of deploying the proceeds in an efficient manner, do some buybacks, but also provide us with the financial flexibility to continue to assess alternatives against further buyback. So we just felt that that was a nice balance, Durgesh. And again, we'll continue to look at the other opportunities between now and certainly closing of the deal, but potentially a little bit after that as well.
Vincent Sorgi: I mean, certainly we'll be working that through the summer, and through the business planning process, Julien. We, of course, need to take all that to the Board, get all that approved, and so in terms of publicly being able to disclose at an outset, still, I think that will coincide with the closing of the deal. If that happens before our year-end earnings call, as you know we normally would provide an update on the capital plans at our year-end call. If the deal goes beyond the year-end call, then certainly we would expect to provide that update then. But again, if the deal closes prior to the call, I think you could expect it in concert with the deal announcement and coming out with a news story, post-deal.
Vincent Sorgi: So T versus D versus other transmissions -- well, first of all, we think as long as the capital deployment serves our customers well and is providing value to our customers, we think that's a good use of capital across all of the business segments. The returns are still strong in all 3, are really in transmission and distribution, but also generation down in Kentucky, as well as gas. But transmission still has slightly higher ROEs than distribution. But again, we're not strained from an ability to finance capital perspective. So it's not like we're deciding whether we're going to do transmission versus distribution.
Vincent Sorgi: We do not. The division has not yet put out the procedural schedule, Paul. So you're not missing it.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So the -- it's not all going in the Elevate Fund, it is across multiple funds that are driving really the -- some of the funds are focused on the utility of the future and innovation in that space, smart technologies, and others. They're focused on decarbonization technologies, so EVs or energy storage or things like that. So really it cuts across multiple funds within the EIP platform. And from our perspective, the benefit of that, Paul, is that we get -- I mean, not only has EIP demonstrated positive returns in the fund, which takes what traditionally would be a cost center for a Company with R&D efforts, and potentially turn that into neutral to a positive return. But really the strategic value of getting in there is that we get broad feet so we have visibility into the technologies that are emerging in all of these different areas, as we think about the potential for demonstration projects, or just where we think the next breakthrough in technology will come.  Whether that's on carbon capture or energy storage when you have long-duration storage technologies. Various different areas that we're looking at, as we think about getting to net-zero for not only the fleet but economy-wide.
Vincent Sorgi: Well, I would say that EIP is part of it. I wouldn't say it's necessarily the primary R&D avenue, but certainly, it's part of our strategy there. You talked about EPRI and the Low-Carbon Resources Initiative. So I have just recently taken over the Board Working Group Chair role for EPRI, and so we're integrally involved with the expert team in EPRI and looking at various different technologies. Again, as it relates to carbon capture, new nuclear, hydrogen, ammonia, all different types of decarbonization technology. Again, EPRI is focused on, what are the technological breakthroughs or the emerging technologies that are currently being looked at, but they're also assessing alternatives to those, and then identifying demonstration projects down the road to try to commercialize some of these newer technologies. And so we are actively engaged with them on all of that depending on how those things evolve, whether it's hydrogen for storage or even hydrogen blending for gas LVCs or combined cycle generation. There's a way to go, I think to prove all that out for hydrogen, but there's a lot of work and a lot of activity going on there. Carbon capture sequestration continues to be an area, again about 80% of the world's energy is coming from fossil fuels still, so for the globe to get to net-zero at some point, we think carbon capture will have to play a role in that, and so EPRI is spending some time on that as well. Again, nuclear, looking at different forms of nuclear modular unitso[, etc, could also play a role by making those units smaller and more adaptable. So a lot of things going on there, Paul, and I think we're -- our strategy is to make sure that we keep our finger on the pulse there. Again, we'll be retiring coal plants this decade and next. And so could there be potential opportunities for demonstration projects on some of those plants? We'll work with the state to see if there are opportunities there, as we think about again, Trimble County 2, which went into service in 2011. And so unless things change at the federal level where that plant will be forced to be shut, Our current projection is that it would continue to be economic in 2015, and so identifying these technological advancements to drive specifically that plant to net-zero. But again, you're going to have combined-cycle fleets that are part of the transition strategy that you've heard from me and many of my --
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So I think, maybe I'll answer your second question first. We don't want to put an artificial timeline on the use of the proceeds. So the first step I think is getting through the detailed process of identifying the organic growth opportunities and putting those plans together, and to your point, when do they get staged in, in terms of '22 maybe versus potential feeding into the back part of the five-year plan and then even beyond that. So I would just say the first step is to get through that, and then we'll assess the timing of when that cash is needed, and then see exactly how much is really fitting into the scenario that you're talking about. In terms of the mechanisms, while we're staying out, first of all, I would just say that, again, in Pennsylvania, we've been very successful at growing our rate base and our earnings despite staying out of rate cases, and we haven't had a distribution rate case since January 1st of 2016. But over that time, and again, this is just distribution, we've grown our rate base 6%, 7% CAGR over that time period, and our net income CAGR has pretty much stayed in line with that rate base growth and the way that you're able to do that is obviously, we have some mechanisms within the different jurisdictions that reduce regulatory lag, whether it's the in PA or the ECR, the gas line tracker in Kentucky, of course, we have some in Rhode Island as well, around capital planning. But also when you deploy the capital in many cases you will see operational efficiencies as a result, and so those operational efficiencies can drive a return on that capital even though you're staying out of rate cases. So I will say that our -- we don't think the right answer just because we're staying out of rate cases is not to invest in the networks. It's incredibly important that we continue to reinvest in the networks, and then making sure that we do that in a way that drives efficiency for the customers and drives the return while we are staying out. We have the experience and successfully done that in Pennsylvania, so we'll look to replicate that. But just because we're staying put, we don't think that that means that there won't be a rate base or earnings growth opportunity.
Vincent Sorgi: Great. Thanks to everybody for your participation, thanks for your questions. Everybody has a great day and look forward to the next time we get together. Thanks so much.
Shar Pourreza: So first off, looking at the 2.5 billion that remains unallocated after the ‘21 buyback, how should we think about the timing of the allocation decision-making process? I mean, maybe put differently, how long will it take to evaluate the CapEx opportunity set across the footprint? What are the trigger points there, if any? Is it the Kentucky IRP? Is it Rhode Island closure? I mean, I guess, Vince, how long will you sit on it, and is the door completely closed on an outright regulated utility acquisition at this point? Maybe just give us a little bit of a sense of the background and the process that you just went through. Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And not to paraphrase, it just sounds like your organic Capex opportunities are the best use of the residual cash flows versus coming out and doing something inorganic in this kind of a market.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly from you Vince, what is the Board's decision mean for maybe the timing of the dividend adjustment, and just remind us on the targeted payout range in the long term. Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin: Got it. And just to clarify here, I mean, how do you think or rank a transmission asset versus distribution versus other asset types? I know we've talked about this before, but obviously, the market's been fairly volatile. And obviously, if you comment, fairly elevated across the number of these asset classes. So curious if that has driven any rethink. As well as, are you opening minority ownership in assets? I suspect that's equally robust in terms of valuations, but just figured I would throw it out there.
Julien Dumoulin: Got it. And the last one, just to clarify this. You went through your portfolio just now on the call a little bit, but the Kentucky Power, Mitchell update here, any read-throughs at all to your planning? Just want to make sure.
Julien Dumoulin: Okay. All right. Excellent. Thank you all very much. All the best and I look forward to seeing what you have to say.
