Joe Bergstein: Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. Let's move to slide five for an overview of the second quarter segment results. As Bill mentioned, PPL delivered second quarter 2019 earnings from ongoing operations of $0.58 per share, which was $0.03 higher compared to the second quarter of 2018 and in line with our expectations. Our strong second -- our strong results more than offset $0.02 from share dilution and $0.05 of weather-related variances compared to the prior period. $0.04 of the weather variance was related to strong volumes experienced in the second quarter of 2018 and weather was about $0.01 unfavorable compared to our forecast for the second quarter of 2019. Excluding dilution and weather, we saw higher earnings in each of our utility segments this quarter. Our U.K. regulated segment earned $0.36 per share, a $0.04 increase compared to the same period a year ago, excluding the impact of dilution and weather. The increase in the U.K. earnings was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins from higher prices as a result of the April 1st, 2019, price increase partially offset by lower sales volume, higher other income due to higher pension income and higher realized foreign currency exchange rates compared to 2018 for the second quarter 2019 average rate of a $1.36 per pound compared to $1.33 in the second quarter of 2018. Moving to Pennsylvania, our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the second quarter of 2019, a $0.03 increase compared to the second quarter of 2018, excluding weather. The increase was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins, primarily due to returns on additional capital investments in transmission and the timing impact related to U.S. tax reform in 2018 and lower operation and maintenance expense primarily due to lower support cost. These factors were partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E. Moving to Kentucky, our Kentucky regulated segment earned $0.13 per share in the second quarter of 2019, a $0.03 increase compared to the second quarter of 2018, excluding the impact of weather. The increase was primarily due to higher base rates effective May 1st, 2019, and lower income taxes due to a state tax credit. This was partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E and higher depreciation rates, and higher interest expense due to higher interest rates and increased borrowings. And finally, Corporate and Other remained flat over the quarter compared to the same period a year ago. As Bill noted, our solid second quarter performance positions us well to achieve our earnings forecast for this year. We provided a similar walk of the year-to-date results in the appendix for your reference. Before I turn the call back over to Bill, let me provide an update on our foreign currency hedging status, which is on slide six. For the balance of 2019, we continue to be 100% hedged for our ongoing earnings at an average rate of $1.41 per pound. For 2020, we increased our hedge percentage to 63% compared to 55% on our first quarter call. The average rate for 2020, reflecting these new hedges is $1.46 per pound just slightly lower than the previous average of $1.47. We continue to utilize options in our hedging strategy that preserve upside to the current market rates to develop one-third of the 2020 hedge portfolio being option-based. We remain open in 2021, and as Bill mentioned we recognized the recent weakness in the exchange rates and continue to monitor potential impacts to our earnings projections. However, independent forecast of future exchange rates remain within the range of presumptions used for our 2021 projections. So, near-term fluctuations in the current year is expected given the current political environment, the majority of analyst trajectory we cover in the currency rates falling at Brexit resolution. And finally, we have flexibility in our hedging program that does not require to add additional hedges at this time and allows us to take an opportunistic approach to hedging as we monitor the dynamics of the political situation and move towards the Brexit deadline in October. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question-and-answer period.
Joe Bergstein: So, we had two sets of pension income in the quarter compared to higher pension income in the quarter compared to last year. As far as the process for pension deficit funding and the amount that's needed going forward, we're in the process of updating our assumptions and negotiating the expected funding levels with our pension trustees. We expect that to be completed by year end. We'll then work with Ofgem and the U.K. pension regulator off Ofgem's review and determination of future deficit funding will be known -- we expect by November 2020. But our expectations at this time, well, we haven't changed the year end and our 2021 forecast, we're expecting about $0.05 per share reduction in 2021 due to lower pension deficit funding needs.
Joe Bergstein: We've assumed a $0.05 reduction in the range for -- at the midpoint of pension deficit -- at the midpoint of the 2021 forecast is a $0.05 reduction in the pension deficit funding.
Joe Bergstein: Right now our forecast through the planning period has an expectation of $300 million to $500 million per year. So, when we think about the impact on currency relative to our cash repatriation and cash position, it's really very minor. So, even at current levels of the pound in the low $1.20, it's only about a $40 million impact to our cash repatriation. So, really very minor and very manageable in the grand scheme of our cash position.
Joe Bergstein: Well, I think, we'll have to consider the currency situation and where we are in the Brexit process and if there's any clarity around that because as you are aware currency is obviously a big driver of our forecast. So, we'll have to wait and see when we provide that longer term guidance Anthony, given the currency situation of the political backdrop.
Joe Bergstein: Yes. Well, we have flexibility under our hedging program and as I stated in the prepared remarks at this point we're not required to add any additional hedges throughout October, so we can really see how Brexit plays out as we approach October, end of October deadline.
Joe Bergstein: We are independent analyst forecast continue to support that range and there was in the range that we provided when we provided that guidance. So, we're maintaining that at this point.
William Spence: Thanks Joe. In closing, all of our PPL companies continue to execute at an extremely high level as evidenced once again by the accolades earned from our customers and industry groups. We remained focused on delivering on our low-risk business plan to build tomorrow's infrastructure and advance a sustainable energy future. And our strong financial performance keeps us solidly on track to achieve our 2019 earnings forecast. These operational successes are underpinned by an exceptional workplace that cultivates an inclusive and diverse workforce. I'd like to briefly highlight a couple recent honors recognizing these efforts that exemplify the constructive culture and lifeblood of our company. In June, our Kentucky operations were rewarded the highest U.S. government honor to employers for providing exceptional support of National Guard and Reserve employees. The employer support of the Guard and Reserve are ESGR Freedom Award. We were one of 15 recipients of this prestigious award selected by the Department of Defense out of nearly 2,500 nominations this year. And just last month, PPL was named a Best Place to Work for People with Disabilities for the second straight year, earning a top score of 100% on the disability equality index for its commitment to creating and accommodating an exclusive environment for people with disabilities. At PPL, we want all individuals to reach their fullest potential and believe that our employees, colleagues, and friends in the community of all abilities help us grow and thrive. We're extremely honored and proud of these achievements and we will continue to advance in these efforts for an inclusive and powering environment for all employees to drive energy forward. With that, operator, let's open the call for questions, please.
William Spence: I think between now and November, what the process really is, is a collection of knowing the answers to the questions that they pose but also additional stakeholder feedback. We'll take all of that, they will then propose a broad framework with more specifics around what their thought is based on all that input and then that will carry forward into next year, which will provide much more specificity on things like ROE and center frameworks. 
William Spence: Yes, it is a challenging political and regulatory backdrop at the moment but there are some efforts that we have -- had underway in the U.K. to basically educate many of those Ministers of Parliament that may not be familiar with specifically with the electricity networks, great track record and that track record includes much lower cost than when the systems were nationalized, better reliability, much better reliability to the tune of about 60% better reliability than when they were under state control. And also customer satisfaction, which is at the highest level it's ever been. So, we have a great story to tell and another data point is, which is on a positive side is that the Labour Party has really continued to lose momentum politically, and as you know they were one of the -- one of the only political party that had proposed bringing some of the networks back under state control as well as rail and mail and so forth and water [ph]. So, we think that the risk, while it was already very low is even lower than it previously was as the Labour Party has really failed to gain any momentum politically, and certainly there is always a probability that they could regain some of their footing but in our view very unlikely. So, the other thing that we've been doing is we have a political consulting firm that we use in the U.K. It's been very helpful for us to reach out to some of the other stakeholders outside the parliament to again, educate and inform local community and leaders and so forth. So, I think we're doing what we can to combat some of the broader political forces at play, but it is rather challenging.
William Spence: Thank you, operator, and thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with everyone on the third quarter earnings call.
