William H. Spence: Thanks, Vince. Before turning to your questions, I want to reiterate a couple things. First, we believe that we have a solid low-risk organic growth plan that we can deliver on. Delivering on this plan in fact has been our strategic focus since the spinoff of our competitive generation business, and that focus has not changed. Our attention is squarely on delivering long-term earnings growth, on strengthening our balance sheet, and on reaching a positive resolution on the mid-period review in the UK, all of which we are making progress towards. We believe PPL continues to be a very compelling investment opportunity within our sector. The underlying fundamentals of our business are strong. Nothing we see on the horizon changes that view. We continue to project competitive earnings growth and a secure and growing dividend even post-tax reform. We continue to demonstrate an ability to mitigate challenges that affect our business, as we did with Brexit last year, and now again with U.S. tax reform. Our utilities remain among the very best in the regions they serve, and we're continuing to invest responsibly to make the grid smarter, more reliable, more resilient, and to advance a cleaner energy future. The bottom line is we will continue to deliver on our commitments to customers and share owners, and we will continue to deliver long-term value to those who invest in PPL. With that, operator, let's open the call up for some questions.
William H. Spence: Sure. So I do think that getting back to about 13% by next year is very important to maintain the current ratings that we have, which we think is important for the overall strength of the business. So we do believe that credit, FFO-to-debt metrics in particular, will continue to improve even beyond 2019. As far as equity needs post-2020, we think they're going to be very minimal, probably just the DRIP [Dividend Reinvestment Plan] of $100 million or less per year. So in effect, we've accelerated a lot of the $350 million a year that we would have had otherwise in 2021 and 2022, so that's been pulled forward. And as we indicated, well, we're very confident that even at the high end of the equity range that we gave for 2019 and 2020, that we can still achieve the midpoint of our 5% to 6% earnings per share growth.
William H. Spence: Yeah. Sure. So FX is probably one of the key ones, and the forward curve currently for 2021 is $1.49. So clearly that's $0.09 above where we're currently projecting 2020 earnings, or based our earnings on 2020 at $1.40. So there's clearly significant upside should the forward curve continue to show that kind of strength. In terms of other puts and takes, you mentioned the rate base growth. That will continue. I believe over the entire period it's just above 6%. That, in the 5% to 6%, range will continue beyond 2020. So that's going to be a key driver of earnings, as well as just, I would say overall cost management, cost containment, which we've done a really good job of managing over time. So I think those are a couple of the key factors.
William H. Spence: Our thought is the DRIP and ATM would be probably the most efficient. And we think that given the incremental $650 million is not that significant, overall, we could issue probably much more than $1 billion overall for the year under the ATM and DRIP programs. So we think it's very doable. And as always, we'll look at other means and use the most efficient means, but ATM is the most likely mechanism.
William H. Spence: Well, I think certainly we have had a track record that's been very positive of delivering above our midpoint of our earnings guidance. I think we put together what we believe are very solid business plans. They have proven to be conservative I guess in the past, if you look back at the track record. But one of the reasons we gave you a range for the equity issuances for 2019 and 2020 of $500 million to $1 billion was the fact that we have delivered in excess of the midpoint. So taking that into account, as well as some of the other moving parts, for example, we don't have the regulatory outcomes yet in Pennsylvania nor at FERC, we think that there is some upside there; not only just been delivering, but that $500 million is probably achievable in terms of the equity in 2019 and 2020 if things fall in place as they could. So again, kind of being conservative. We wanted to point out that even at the very high end, the $1 billion of equity in each of the three years, we can still meet the midpoint of the 5% to 6%. And if we can lower the equity raise, then we're going to be above that range.
William H. Spence: Given what we know today and the forward curve at $1.49, we could maintain the 5% to 6%, yes. But we're not issuing formal guidance right now. But with those assumptions that you outlined, that would be achievable, correct.
William H. Spence: Sure, I think it would be the combination of ATM and DRIP. And we think that that's very doable in the current environment. And particularly as we get beyond the mid-period review and some of the initial RIIO-2 framework, we think we'll see some strength in the stock and some of the uncertainty removed. And so I think ATM for now is our assumption and probably a pretty good one from our perspective.
William H. Spence: So the threshold previously as indicated by Moody's was 12% to 15% FFO-to-debt. With tax reform, we would be skating at the bottom of that range, and we felt that was probably not the best place to be. And in conversations with the rating agencies, we felt that it was probably most prudent to add some more equity into the plan. And given we had the hedge value that we could utilize to maintain our EPS growth rates, we felt that that was the best way to do it.
William H. Spence: Let me try to – let me take the last part of your question first, Michael. On the M&A front, I don't really think that tax reform overall is going to have a significant effect within our sector, whether that's in the EU or here in the U.S. I think the one effect it could have is it does remove the uncertainty about what tax reform might have been. So from that perspective, it might create some more opportunity for some. But I don't think the fundamentals of the business overall have changed much because everyone is pretty much on the same level playing field. Now having said that, for PPL specifically, because 50% of our business is in the UK and 50% is here, as interest rates rise in the U.S., we've got somewhat of a hedge against rising interest rates here vis-à-vis the UK. So to the extent that the UK interest rates remain much lower than they are here in the U.S., that could be a positive to the stock. And I think overall, we don't see a whole lot of change from the PPL perspective and our view of M&A. So what we've said in the past is that we can be successful with the organic growth plan that we have. We don't need M&A to be successful. I think we've been pretty transparent that as we think about M&A, our objective has been to strengthen our EPS growth rate and credit metrics if we were to engage in M&A. Said another way, I'm unaware of any transaction that would meet these objectives today. Our focus is clearly on delivering long-term earnings growth, which we can do organically. I'd also mention that currently we think our stock is undervalued, and we believe that transaction multiples are currently – continue to be pretty excessive and would not allow us to achieve our objectives in any M&A kind of scenario.
William H. Spence: Okay. I was just going to say, seeing no other names in the queue, we'll just say thanks to everyone for joining us today, and we'll catch up with you on the next earnings call, if not before. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Hey, Julien, it's Vince. So, as Bill said, the credit metric will continue to improve once we get to 13% in 2019 and 2020. We think it's important to continue to show strength in the FFO-to-debt as we move towards that taxpaying status of 2022-2023 because we don't want to drop below 13% at that time and have to issue additional equity. So I think building up a little strength as we go through the next five years will certainly serve us well longer term.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, Jonathan, Kentucky has holding company debt as well, where PA has none. So they in addition to cap funding are losing the tax shield on going from 35% to 21% on their holding company debt.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: It's in the $0.06 that I talked about on that first bucket for the lower tax shield on HoldCo interest. It's in that $0.06 that's cap funding MLP.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Jonathan, that is one of the open items as we think about the $500 million to $1 billion for 2019 and 2020. We've had initial discussions with the agencies, but I would not say we've had fulsome discussions in detail with either of them, and so we need to do that. And so ultimately, we'll flesh out where that ultimately needs to be to maintain our credit ratings with both agencies. But at this point we're assuming 13% will be a comfortable area.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: It is. But if we're at the $500 million, that will simply be pulling forward 2021 and 2022 because we're going from $350 million to basically less than $100 million in those years.
