William H. Spence: Sure. I'll turn that question over to Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities here in Pennsylvania.
William H. Spence: Sure. I think just a couple comments around that. First, I would say the management team and the board is very open minded on strategic options or alternatives that will create additional shareholder value. And if there was a clear and compelling path to drive additional value, we would certainly consider it as we've always done. And I think our track record shows that we're not afraid to take bold action if we believe shareowners will benefit in the long-term. I think the regulatory and political uncertainty in the UK is probably the single drawback or what's holding the stock back. I think in the near-term, what we can control, I think we're doing exceptionally well, which is to continue to drive value per customers and continue to operate all the businesses exceptionally well. In terms of what could we do, I'm not going to comment on the specifics and so forth. But what I would say is that, in the near term, certainly, the yield is very strong and there's kind of a – you're getting paid to wait if you want to look at it that way. But what I can say is that we're not sitting on our hands and just saying that we're going to stay the course. We're going to continue to assess our strategic options. And if there is something that could create additional shareowner value, we're certainly going to look at that. So, that's probably what I'd have to say on that topic.
William H. Spence: Well, I think that's a work in progress at the moment. We're not clear on exactly how the process would work. But just thinking back to what Ofgem did in RIIO-ED1, what they basically were looking for were what they call well-justified plan. So, I think companies that had a positive track record of doing what they said they were going to do, so if they said that they were going to deliver X value to customers and they delivered that, that's a positive going into your business plan in that case for RIIO-ED1. As we look ahead to RIIO-ED2, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the customer engagement piece, which is somewhat new, we had already put that into our plan for RIIO-ED1, which I think help justify that ours was a well-justified plan that had input from a broad group of stakeholders. So, I think those are the types of things that Ofgem would look to see from a company. And if I look at how we're performing against RIIO-ED1 outputs in our current business plan, we're performing very well and consistent with what Ofgem, I believe, would expect from us. So, I think we'll be well-positioned again to hopefully get the opportunity, should we choose to take it to be fast-tracked.
William H. Spence: Well, in the short – yeah, in the short term, as Greg Dudkin mentioned, we're not planning to go in for a rate case. Having said that, depending on how the Public Utility Commission takes the legislation and puts it into action into their docket, we would obviously closely follow that. To the extent that there were opportunities to do creative things like performance-based rate making maybe akin to what we have in the UK, we would certainly want to study that hard and see if we wouldn't want to take advantage of that option. I think decoupling is an option and an alternative that we'd want to also carefully consider. But I think until the PUC really finishes their work, hard to know whether and how we would take advantage of any of those options.
William H. Spence: Well, I'm not going to comment on any specific ones, but what I can tell you is that we considered a very wide range of strategic alternatives. And that's probably all I should say without getting into a lot of detail. But, again, we're not afraid to consider any options, whether that's getting larger or smaller, l think as long as there was a clear and compelling path to drive additional value, we would certainly consider it as we always have.
William H. Spence: Paul, just maybe two points on that. As I mentioned, we're continuously assessing options that could create value for shareowners. That being said, I don't think it'd be in the best interest of shareowners to set an artificial timeline for any decision or action. Clearly, the markets are changing and are fairly dynamic. So I think the best we can do is just continually assess those options and then, it would be up to the board to determine if the time was right or not. But that's how I think we are thinking about it.
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, Brexit is clearly driving a lot of the political instability, which is having and has had a knock-on effect in several ways to the regulator, Ofgem in this case. And we would look to, early next year, there is a summit coming up in October, maybe we'll have some readout from the negotiation between the UK and the EU in October. But I do believe that it's still going to be a pretty rocky road for them to get to a final deal. And so that will create some political noise, I'm sure, around that. But that's one data point. In terms of being patient, I think if you recall back several years ago when PPL Electric Utilities here in Pennsylvania was coming off of rate caps, and there was a lot of political noise around that, there were certain shareowners at that time said we should sell off our Pennsylvania business and now that Pennsylvania business is our highest-growth utility option and opportunities. So things have a way of turning themselves around over time. So, I think we want to be prudent, patient, but also continually assessing what options could create additional value. And as I indicated, we're not afraid to take bold strategic action if we think it's in the best interest, long-term, of the shareowners.
William H. Spence: And I would just say from a competitive solar perspective, the low rates – relatively low rates in Kentucky have not made it very attractive for competitive solar providers to-date.
William H. Spence: Yeah. No, that's a good summary. Sorry, if I was not clear on that, but, yeah, that's a good summary.
William H. Spence: Yeah, we're not ruling anything out. It is an ongoing process. We do a deeper dive once or twice a year. But, yeah, there's – if there is a clear and compelling path, we would certainly consider it, as we always have.
William H. Spence: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and we look forward to having you join us again for the third quarter earnings call.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Sure, Durgesh. So, you are correct, we've not layered on additional hedges during the quarter for 2020. I think as we talked last quarter where – given how heavy the hedge book was set at that time, we were kind of working our way back into the normal hedging program, which had a declining hedge ratio over the following three years. And given that – our breakeven for 2020 is a spot rate of about $1.27 with a forward rate of about $1.31, so we feel very comfortable with where the book is today and we'll start to layer those hedges in starting Q3 and Q4. 2021, we haven't specifically talked about 2021, but that'll follow our normal hedge program and we'll probably start that at the beginning of next year.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Sure. So, Ali, I think maybe to start, I would say that we didn't see anything in the RIIO-2 Ofgem decision document that would necessarily impact the levers that we talked to you all about in the past. So, that's good news there coming out of the decision. Those levers included, right, adjusting the Fast Pot, Slow Pot split. Currently, we're at 80/20, 80% going to RAV, 20% going to Fast Pot. We've talked about additional CapEx as a result of the electrification initiatives in the UK and that's been reaffirmed by the UK government with the Road to Zero initiative. We also – we talked about this briefly, but the move from RPI to CPI will actually help near-term cash flows and earnings, but it will slow the longer-term growth as a compounding effect of a lower inflation index builds up. CPIH is generally viewed as about 100 basis points less than RPI. So, Ofgem has indicated that they still need to work through how they would transition from RPI to CPI. But as we think about how that would look, that should help near-term transition earnings and cash, but again slow long-term growth. You mentioned pension deficit funding. So, we are collecting about $180 million to $200 million a year in pension deficit funding. We do expect using reasonable assumptions for the pension plans that the plans will be fully funded by the end of RIIO-ED1. So, our expectation is that we will not need to (00:22:42) collect that amount of revenue from customers in RIIO-ED2. That creates a lot of headroom in terms of customer rates to help fund some of these other levers and the additional CapEx that we would look. And then, of course, we have the profiling that is part of any business plan process where we can shape the revenues over the what looks to be a five-year period going into RIIO-2. So to specifically talk about 2023, I think we probably need some additional clarity on some of the items that Ofgem has not concluded on in the consultation. Some of those may get resolved in transmission and gas distribution consultation, some of them may not get resolved until the RIIO-ED2 consultation, which would be in the 2020 time period. So it's hard to say right now if we would see 2023 as a transition period for earnings. I would say that the pension deficit funding, while it does generate GAAP earnings, does not generate cash from operations, because the cash we're collecting there goes right into the funds. So on a cash basis, I think we clearly could see actually higher-cash flows from the UK business in RIIO-2 than we're seeing in RIIO-1, but, again, I still think we need to get through a lot of these items. And then on earnings, we'll have to see how much of these offsets we can we can generate on a GAAP earnings basis.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: I mean we haven't provided guidance beyond 2020, Ali. I would say, in general, we are expecting continued earnings growth beyond 2020. But at this point, we haven't provided official guidance beyond 2020.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: Sure. So, moving from RPI to CPI will help offset that. The Fast Pot, Slow Pot, shift could help that. The sensitivity we provided on that, at least in RIIO-1, where TOTEX was $1.4 billion a year, that equated to about $130 million, $140 million a year for every 10% shift. And then, additional CapEx that we expect to be spending, so we'll be earning a return on that. I think the other important aspect that we talked about in the past is based on the way we're recovering debt from being fast-tracked, it's using a 10-year historical average as opposed to the slow-track companies using a 20-year average. We were actually horned (29:04) as a result of that compared to the slow trackers to the tune of about $300 million, $325 million over the whole eight-year period. We would expect that to get chewed up as we go into RIIO-2. So, that would also provide both cash and earnings uptick going from 1 to 2.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corporation: So just for that item, it's $180 million, $200 million. So, that – what's that about $0.15 about, EPS.
