William H. Spence: Thank you, Vince. In closing, I'm confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to customers and shareowners. And as I said in my opening remarks, we're very pleased with the strong start in the first quarter. As we look ahead, the state of our business is strong and our strategy for growth is clear: We will deliver industry-leading customer service and reliability, we will invest responsibly in a sustainable energy future, we will continue to execute on our infrastructure plans, we will maintain our strong financial position, and we will engage and develop our people. That's our focus each and every day as we work to provide safe, reliable and affordable service to our customers, while growing value for shareowners. Thank you for joining us on today's call. And with that, operator, let's open the call to questions, please.
William H. Spence: Sure. If the pound continues to strengthen or even stays at the current forward rates, we would probably be slightly above the 6%, which is the upper end of our guidance. And it really depends, Greg, on how we utilize the value that's sitting in 2018 and 2019 and whether we push that out further into the future years or we add it to kind of current years. But clearly, if we were to just maintain it in the current years and the pound stays where it is, we would be at or above the 6%.
William H. Spence: Sure, and I'll ask Robert to comment on that. But just as a reminder, even though we didn't hit the maximum rewards, we still came in above our projected amount, the estimated amount that we had in the business plan. So we're very pleased with the outcome, but I'll ask Robert to comment on what it would take to achieve the maximum rewards.
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, as we've talked about before, we have a three-year kind of rolling-forward hedge program. And as we get into the midpoint of this year and the year-end, we would then look to layer on additional hedges for 2020. Again, we would probably look at where the pound sits at that time compared to our $1.30 planning assumption and either if the pound is above it, we'd probably be a little bit more aggressive with the hedging. If it's below and we'd see reasons for upside, we may delay a bit. But overall, I think it would be probably at the earliest, midpoint of this year, we'd start layering on anything for 2020.
William H. Spence: Yeah. Couple thoughts there. One is we are not looking at acquisition opportunities to maintain the mix or change the mix at all. I think we're happy with the organic growth opportunities we have in the U.S., and so we're focused on growing our U.S. businesses through deployment of capital. And as you're aware right now, we're essentially spending about $3 billion a year in capital. $2 billion of the $3 billion is in the U.S., and $1 billion in the UK. So over time, even though the UK EPS-wise is growing faster, we're deploying more rate base on the U.S. business side. Relative to other opportunities, we've obviously been very focused on making sure that we protect against the currency fluctuation. So that has been a major focus of making sure that we meet our 5% to 6% EPS growth. And as we indicated, we're very pleased with where we sit right now.
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, first off, I would say we can still hit the top end even with some delay on the capital. The $300 million that we talked about is really in the grand scheme, not that meaningful to the EPS growth story. And as Vic commented, it's possible that that could come back in, albeit maybe on a delay. Well, once we get to the point where we know the outcome of that particular capital program, we'll look at other opportunities, whether it's in Kentucky or elsewhere, where we could see some potential future growth. So we'll wait and see, but as I said, I don't think that $300 million is really that meaningful to the growth story at all.
William H. Spence: Yeah. So the next steps are we are proceeding with the Article VII process. We will have to do a system reliability impact study. We've ticked that off. And then, we have to basically select an approval process whether it's a public policy project, which would have to be opened by New York ISO, or there's another separate process under CARIS, which is the economic project. So, we still feel confident with the 2021 to 2023 dates.
William H. Spence: And I think seeing no further questions in the queue, I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call and we will talk to you on the second quarter earnings call. Thank you.
