William H. Spence: Thank you, Vince. In summary, we're confident we can deliver on our 2017 earnings forecast. We're also confident in our ability to deliver the 5% to 6% compound annual earnings growth off of the $2.15 per share through 2020. And we remain confident in our ability to deliver targeted annual dividend growth of about 4% through the same period. Before we open the call to questions, I would like to recognize and thank the men and women of PPL for their hard work and dedication in supporting the storm response efforts from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. We have used our industry's mutual assistance program in the past, especially during Superstorm Sandy, and we are proud to provide that much needed support to our friends in Texas and Florida. With that, operator, let's open the call to questions, please.
William H. Spence: Sure. So, just so folks on the call are aware, I think, in the U.K., there's been a lot of concern on behalf of some consumer advocates in particular about the total effect of electricity and natural gas prices in the U.K. and the focus has been predominantly on the suppliers. So, in the U.K., every consumer has to pick an independent gas or electric supply source, most of those come from fairly good-sized marketer. So, there's been a lot of focus on the volatility and the overall cost associated with the supply component of the bill. So, obviously, the distribution component is much lower, supply being typically about 70% of the bill. So, thus far, we still feel confident as you described, Julien, not only because the focus has predominately been on the suppliers, but also because there's a great track record with Ofgem and the value that their process regulatory framework has provided to the ultimate consumers. That value is measured directly, and very openly and transparently, to consumers through things like customer service metrics, reliability metrics and the overall very reasonable cost to deliver power to the customers. So, again, we feel confident that the overall regulatory framework will remain intact and, as you know, we're really set up for continuing to deliver on the approved plan through 2023. So we have a long runway, yet, on the current process, and the new process for beyond 2023 is just now kicking off.
William H. Spence: Sure. So, the stakeholder responses to the first element, if you will, of the new – of the process was an open letter that Ofgem published back in the late summer. Responses to that letter, which essentially asked for comments on how various stakeholders felt about the current processes, not only for the electric companies, but also for the gas companies, specifically for the electric companies, the responses were due on September 4th. We didn't see anything in the responses that concerned us in this – in the stakeholder comments that we read. The purpose of the framework review is really to build on the lessons learned from the current price control review and develop a framework that would be adaptable to meeting the needs of kind of the evolving U.K. energy sector. As you're aware, we've been successful in the past at navigating through new price controls and feel there's ample time to effectively prepare for the start of RIIO-ED2, which is the next process we get into. We're very early in that process and, as I mentioned, no changes would take effect until 2023; it'd be April of 2023. So, again, we've got a lot of opportunity to participate constructively and shape the framework associated with RIIO-2 to have an outcome that we think is fair to shareowners as well as stakeholders in the U.K.
William H. Spence: Sure. We don't see any justification for an adjustment to our RIIO-1 business plan, and that's based upon the criteria that they've set out for any types of adjustments, but also our past experience, where we haven't seen anything meaningful be adjusted in the past. I would also point out that we were, fast-track, the only companies to be fast-tracked in the U.K. and that basically was because we had fully justified very sound business plans. So, again, we feel there is no justification at this time for any adjustment. As far as when the clarity comes, we do have a slide in the deck, I think it's slide 22, that shows the indicative timetable. So, if you look at kind of a go/no-go decision, we're looking at something probably in early 2018 timeframe.
William H. Spence: Yeah. So, relative to the water companies, Ofwat, which is a different regulator than Ofgem, that regulates the electric and gas utilities, Ofwat has a different process and the way in which they deal with things like cost of capital has historically been different. So, we haven't seen an ability to kind of do a read-across or read-through from outcomes in Ofwat in the past and I would suspect that it would be difficult as well given as you mentioned there is a time difference, number one. But, number two, the framework and the way that they deal with the water companies has historically been quite a bit different than on the electric and gas side.
William H. Spence: Sure. I think, the framework itself has worked historically very, very well. So, there is a great track record to defend, if you will, the framework. And I think to kind of put the toothpaste back in the tube, if you will, to try to change the model very significantly would be a very big challenge. I'm sure you can appreciate that, in general, it's easy for politicians to make promises and much harder for them to deliver on those promises, given the realities of some of these situations. So, it could change, we could see some pressure. I don't think that in the end because of the great track record that this framework has delivered for customers that you're going to see a major shift.
William H. Spence: I think that number one is, I'm not sure that the public probably has the full picture of how the framework exists or works today, not that they have been educated on it at all. So, it's not surprising. I think that in the end, the Ofgem is an independent regulatory body. So, they're going to be the ones making the decision, whether the framework gets changed or not. Now politically, someone could propose legislation and either change that process, so that it's not independent as it is today. But, again, that would take significant movement in parliament on both sides. So, even if the Labour Party were to come to power in an election and start to change things, it still got to go through a process, a fairly lengthy process, given that that's going to be a lengthy process and given that we've seen changes in the political landscape, significant ones, just in the last five years and we've still got six years to run on the current timeframe till we get to 2023. So, I guess my view is a lot of things are likely to change between now and 2023. It's going to be a long and, I think, a difficult process to put that toothpaste back in the tube, as I describe it, after a very long and successful kind of run with the framework. So, that's kind of our opinion on it. Obviously, we continue to monitor it. And I think once we know what the outcome might be in any kind of new political regime, we'll then begin to reach out and make sure that all those on the political side are aware of the positive track record and what this really means if they were to move in a different direction.
William H. Spence: Well, I think it would depend on the specific circumstances. If, for example, one of the other companies is significantly under spending, I believe there was already an adjustment made on the transmission side because it was a very large transmission project that's not going to go forward, that was included in the transmission revenue construct. So, a major project like that, maybe that arm-twisting, as you put it, could be effective. I think in our case, first, as I mentioned earlier, we are the only companies to be fast-tracked, meaning that we had a very well justified business plan and, therefore, we don't see any justification for an adjustment based on the rules that are set forth today. If one of our peers on the distribution side were to acquiesce, if you will, and adjust the revenues downward, we have to look at their circumstance. I think if you look at what we're delivering compared to the business plan we put forth, we're right on track, if not slightly ahead. So, I think we're well-positioned to defend any type of challenge to an adjustment to our plan.
William H. Spence: No, we're very confident in the business mix. We think for the long-term, it's the right type of balance that we have. And we do think that in the longer-term, this is going to work itself out and that the jurisdiction, as it exists today and even with some tweaks, we think is still going to be a premium jurisdiction that's going to provide really great returns for shareowners. So, we're happy with the business mix; don't see any need to change it at this time.
William H. Spence: Do think, Michael, we're well-positioned in Kentucky. We have the largest solar facility in the state that was approved by the commission as Vic mentioned. We do have to go through a process there. It's an integrated resource plan that we put together roughly every three years. We've also got customer options that are available to them for solar if they choose to install it, we can do that within the regulated framework. So, I think we're well-positioned. Should customers want additional solar, either on their own or as we go through the regulatory process, we'll look to see what's the most economic thing to do for our customers. Relative to Pennsylvania, I'll let Greg comment, but maybe just to mention that, as you're aware, we do not own generation any longer in the State of Pennsylvania. We're required to purchase for those that don't shop for their electricity, we're required to purchase a component of renewable energy based on some guidelines that the state has put forth. Those haven't been that significant over time in terms of specifically solar and wind. We are seeing a bit more activity on the solar front. Maybe, Greg, you could comment about how you see things from a renewable energy mix based on what you're seeing in Pennsylvania.
William H. Spence: I think it is, Steve, pretty stable, so, I don't see any significant changes once we update the plan on the capital side.
William H. Spence: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for your participation on today's call and we look forward to seeing everyone at EEI next week. Thank you.
