Vince Sorgi: Thanks, Joe. In closing, I remain very proud of how our teams across PPL have risen to the challenge of COVID-19. We continue to deliver electricity and gas safely and reliably to our customers. At the same time, we remain as focused as ever on innovation and continuous improvement as we position the company for future success. With that, operator, let's open the call for Q&A.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So as you can appreciate, we are in the middle of a competitive process. So I don't think it's appropriate to get into too much detail in terms of the process that we are currently – is currently under way. But to your point, I think the CMA decision for the water company, that provisional decision was certainly positive as we think about overall returns in the U.K.-regulated utility sector. I think it should play well into what we would expect for gas and transmission coming here in about a month or so, that should be coming out early December. We also have the government's white paper on decarbonization. That should be coming out. They said autumn, so that could be this month or early December as well. And then, the CMA final decision. So I think to your point, things seem to be progressing in a positive light in the U.K. regulatory construct. And I would expect that to translate positively in our process, but I don't want to get into a lot of detail in terms of where we are with potential bidders.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Durgesh, I don't think it's appropriate to get into. We're kind of getting into the process now with potential buyers. So just not appropriate to get into any kind of detail around the process.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So overall, I would say we are interested in acquiring regulated utilities. We do have a preference toward electric, but electric and gas utilities are also attractive to us. In terms of geography, I'm not sure that that contiguous service territories or anything like that is necessarily something that we put a high emphasis on. So at this point, I would say, we are pretty open to opportunities that may come-up in the market. Again, where – our base case is fix the balance sheet, not really fix the balance sheet, but improve the balance sheet from where we are to kind of the mid-teens and then share buybacks, right? It would be the kind of the base case as that we would look at M&A as potential to improving value above that. Renewables is also another area that I think we're seriously considering. We did acquire Safari Energy back in 2018, hasn't been a significant component of the PPL earnings profile to date. However, when we come out of the WPD sale we could possibly be a cash taxpayer at that time, which, obviously, would put us in a good position around the renewables business. So I think we have opportunity to organically grow that business given kind of how we've positioned the DER business that we acquired a couple of years ago, but also there could be possibility or potential to do some M&A there as well.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. I would – so Paul, I would say that the process and the level of interest is progressing as we would have expected. I did talk about in August when we made the announcement that I did expect there to be quite a bit of interest in WPD, given the quality of the assets, the quality of the management team. And again, we think electric distribution is the premier sector in the utility industry in the U.K. given its role in where it's going to play in the decarbonization efforts to get to net zero in the U.K. So at this point, I would say, nothing that I'm seeing would kind of alter that view. And things are progressing as we had expected.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. No update at this point. But Joe, I don't know if you want to mention anything on – thoughts on tax strategy.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So our stated goals are try to reduce our carbon emissions by 80% by 2050, 70% – at least 70% by 2040. As of 12/31/2019, so as of the end of last year, we've already delivered about a 56% reduction, compared to 2010, and that compares to about a 45% reduction for the sector. So we're feeling very, very good about our transition strategy and the glide path that we're on to achieve that at least 70% by 2040 and at least 80% by 2050. Our reduction targets are, we think they're comparable to our industry peers, even some of those peers that have indicated a net-zero target by 2050, they've indicated that they see a pretty clear path to 80% reduction, but would require incremental technological improvements to get the remaining 20%. And that's very consistent with how we are seeing things as well. It's one of the reasons why we joined the EPRI, GTI, LCRI R&D project over the next five years to really try to identify that technology to actually get to net zero by 2050. Again, as we're thinking about the declining costs of renewable energy, we think there'll be continued opportunity to accelerate decarbonization, even in Kentucky, even without retiring coal plants to the extent that the LCOE of solar continues to come down, it could end up being cheaper than the variable cost of generating in Kentucky. But again, a long-term carbon reduction goals for us is around the retirement of the coal fleet. But we will continue to do that in a very balanced way. We're focused on working with the commission making sure that the power that we continue to generate in the state is affordable and reliable for our customers that is critical. Relatively cheap electric in the State of Kentucky is an important component of their economic development strategy. So again, as we think about our carbon reduction strategy, it's in a very balanced way to make sure that we're keeping our customers and our regulators in mind. And again, we think we are in a good position to balance all of those things. If technology were to improve or the cost curves continue to come down significantly, what we've noticed and experienced in Kentucky is that the commission has been very supportive of coal retirements when it makes economic sense to do so. They are not supportive when it does not make economic sense. Just to remind everybody, we've retired over 1,200 megawatts of coal fire generation since 2010, and that was all based on economics. So we think again, the regulatory construct is supportive down there, but it's all based on economics and as – right now, the economics are not quite there to accelerate the retirement. But as that continues to progress, certainly, our team in Kentucky is looking at that. We think the commission will continue to be supportive of things like that as well. I think just the key there is to ensure that the generation is reliable and affordable. And again, I think we're in a good position to balance all of those factors.
Vince Sorgi: Great. I just want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today, and we'll see you all at EEI virtually next week. Thanks, everyone.
