Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. I'll cover our second quarter segment results on slide 6. First, I'd like to highlight that the estimated impact from COVID on our second quarter results was about $0.06 per share, which was primarily due to lower sales volumes in the UK and lower demand revenue in Kentucky. As we outlined in our projections on the first quarter call, about two-thirds of the impact or $0.04 per share is recoverable through the UK decoupling mechanism on a two-year lag. I'll discuss further the impacts of COVID on the quarterly sales volumes in more detail in a few moments. Turning to the quarterly walk and starting with Q2 2019 ongoing results on the left. We first reflect adjustments for weather and dilution for comparability purposes of the underlying businesses. During the second quarter, we experienced a $0.01 favorable variance due to weather compared to the second quarter of 2019 primarily in Pennsylvania. Compared to our forecast, weather in the second quarter was about a $0.01 unfavorable variance with stronger load in Pennsylvania being offset by more mild weather in the UK and Kentucky versus normal conditions. In terms of dilution, we saw a $0.03 impact in the quarter primarily driven by the November 2019 draw on our equity forward contracts. Moving to the segment drivers. Excluding these items, our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.33 per share in the second quarter 2020. This represents a $0.01 decrease compared to a year ago. The decline was primarily due to lower sales volumes primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 and lower other income due to lower pension income. These decreases were partially offset by higher realized foreign currency exchange rates compared to the prior period of Q2 2020 average rates of $1.63 per pound compared to $1.36 per pound in Q2 2019. I'll note that we layered on additional hedges since our last quarterly call and are now hedged at 95% for the balance of 2020 at an average hedge rate of $1.47 per pound. And in light of today's announcement, we did not plan to add additional earnings hedges to 2021. Moving to Pennsylvania, we earned $0.15 per share, which was $0.02 higher than our comparable results in Q2 2019. The increase was primarily driven by higher adjusted gross margins primarily resulting from returns on additional capital investments in transmission. This increase was partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense. I'll note that our customer mix mitigated the impact on sales from COVID-19, as our positive impact from our significant residential base in Pennsylvania and fixed charges more than offset lower demand in the C&I sectors. Turning to our Kentucky Regulated segment, we earned $0.10 per share, a $0.03 decrease from our results one year ago. The decline was primarily due to lower commercial and industrial demand due to the impact of COVID-19 and higher income taxes due to a tax credit recognized in the second quarter of 2019. These decreases were partially offset by higher retail rates that were effective May 1, 2019. Results at corporate and other were $0.01 higher compared with a year ago driven by several factors, none of which were individually significant. Turning to slide 7 we outlined the changes in weather normalized sales for each segment by customer class. As expected and reflected in the financial results we saw lower demand in the C&I sectors partially offset by higher demand in the residential space in each of our service territories. In addition, as Vince pointed out, the reopenings that we observed primarily in June substantially reduced the impact on load. For example in Kentucky and Pennsylvania, we went from 15% to 20% C&I load declines at the peak of the lockdowns in April from more modest declines of 8% and 2% respectively for the month of June. In the UK, we saw some positive momentum as the UK government downgraded its alert level mid-month, although the recovery was more modest with June demand down about 11% versus the prior year. I'll note for this slide, the quarterly information presented for the UK aligns with our financial statement presentation on a one month's lag and shows the period-over-period variances from March, April and May. Looking forward, we're encouraged by the recovery we've seen in June, which gives us more comfort in reaffirming the 2020 forecast today albeit at the lower end of the range. We expect the annualized load sensitivities by segment that we provided last quarter will remain as good guides as we move through the balance of the year. That concludes my prepared remarks and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.: Sure. Thanks. Good morning, Steve. So, tax has been one of those limiting factors for us previously and as we've said many times this is an area that we would continue to focus on, but as a result of some changes that came about from the TCJA we believe that there are some transaction structures that allow us to offset a significant portion of the tax burden. So those changes along with our NOL balance we believe we're in much better position today than we were previously.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.: Yeah, sure. So, first of all, the NOL balance really hasn't changed. It's just I think we would – with NOL like, we would be utilizing that NOL balance in the transaction, but we'll have to see ultimately what the transaction is. As far as the TCJA changes go, as you can appreciate, as with most things tax related it's complicated, it's also very technical and the reality is, it's transaction specific. So given the flexibility that we're creating and talking about today around the potential transaction, we're not going to get into specifics on any of the details at this time. I would just say though that these, these are very low risk strategies that we found and so we feel comfortable with our ability to utilize them.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.: Yeah, certainly through the transaction structuring of the NOL, we think we can offset a significant portion of merely what the resulting tax will be, I think, we'll just have to wait and see what the transaction is, and what – given that we're open to a variety of transaction structures, that we'll want to see (00:41:33) where we end up at the end of the day.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.: Yeah. No, no changes to those objectives, Paul. We would as Vince mentioned in his remarks, we would expect to target FFO to debt in the mid-teens and certainly lowering our (00:42:34) to total debt percentage as part of that. So, maintaining our current credit ratings and improving the credit metrics is one of the objectives.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.: Yeah, Paul, I think, it's too early to say. I think the point that we want to make today is that we would target FFO to debt metric in the mid-teens and we look to maintain our current credit ratings. Our ratings have been and will continue to be important to us and we've taken the necessary steps to maintaining those ratings, and this transaction would be no different. So I think our current credit ratings, we're happy with where they are and we'd be willing just to maintain them and that may include improving our current metric a bit to do so, but we'll have to see what the transaction looks like at the end before we get into more details.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.: Both of the agencies view the UK favorably in our credit rating. So selling the UK, how they view the standalone business, I think we have to have discussions with them about that and of course what assets could potentially come along with the transaction would be another factor there. So I just – I think at this point it's really too early to get into details around the specific credit metric other than to say that we want to maintain our current credit ratings.
Joseph P. Bergstein, Jr.: Yeah. Sure, Ryan. I think, again, it's too early to say how that would play out, although I think today I'd say the preference would be on buybacks rather than a special dividend, but we'll have to again see what it looks like when we get there.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Thanks, Joe. Let me conclude today's remarks with an outline of some of my key areas of focus for the company and my excitement for PPL's bright future. As I've mentioned to many of you over the past few months, I'm extremely proud of our operational excellence at PPL which is core to our mission of delivering safe and reliable service at an affordable price. This has been and will continue to be a priority for the company as it has led to continuous innovation and operational improvements that are driving our premier customer service and satisfaction levels. One of my goals is to take this culture of operational excellence and find ways to leverage it to drive additional value for our customers and shareowners. Another one of my goals is to improve our overall TSR performance and the strategic repositioning announced this morning is one step in that direction. I'm sure our decision to launch the sale process for WPD doesn't come as a surprise to investors given PPL stock performance over the past few years. We believe today's announcement creates the best path forward to improve our TSR by simplifying the business mix, reducing our leverage, improving our earnings growth rate, and enhancing our ability to invest in sustainable energy solutions. Another key area of focus will be to reduce the carbon footprint of the company. We've already communicated our targets of reducing CO2 emissions by at least 70% by 2040 and at least 80% by 2050. With the declining costs of renewable energy, we believe there will be a real opportunity to accelerate the carbonization of our Kentucky fleet under regulatory oversight and with economic benefit for our customers. In closing, I'm very excited for the future of PPL. I firmly believe that the company's organic growth opportunities and strengthened financial flexibility expected from today's announced strategic repositioning best position PPL to deliver long-term value to both our shareowners and our customers. We look forward to providing further updates at the conclusion of the process or as appropriate. With that operator, let's open the call for questions.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, I think, there's been quite a bit of change actually, right, we've been very transparent with the market and our investors that while we constantly review strategic options to maximize value that we would not engage in M&A unless we thought, right, that it would create value for our shareowners. And as I said in my prepared remarks, at this point, we believe that the market has shifted and that executing the sale of WPD will in fact create not only immediate value for shareowners, but will set the company up going forward for longer term growth with a stronger balance sheet. In terms of the market backdrop right last year, we had the general election in the UK, (00:22:48) election they failed, renationalization risk is in the rearview mirror. We believe there's been additional clarity around the RIIO2 process primarily for electric distribution which supports what we've been saying from the beginning in terms of supporting electric distribution and the road to zero kind of flowing through that subsector, so we've got some clarity on all that. Unfortunately that additional clarity really has not improved our stock price performance, certainly not to the level you would have expected and in fact the discount has widened compared to our peers. So again, the market also on the buy side for these types of assets is pretty strong right now in Europe. There has been a number of comps that we saw starting with gas distribution in the UK, electric distribution in the UK and then some other electric assets in broader Europe that have yielded some very strong results. So we think given the quality of the UK business and the management team and again the subsector that we're dealing with, we firmly believe that the process will be successful and will garner a greater value for WPD and a sale process then will be recognized in the share price.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. I don't want to get into necessarily specifics on who the names that might be interested or the structures. I think, what we've done today with the announcement has created maximum flexibility around that. So I think you're going to see some creativity on the part of buyers, whether it's cash, a combination of cash and perhaps assets in the US that certainly we will entertain as those they start coming in and we work with JPMorgan on all of that stuff. So at this point, I don't know that that market power would be a top concern, but certainly we'll deal with that if appropriate.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Sure. So, on the generic use of proceeds, Julien, let me – maybe let me just talk about how we're kind of thinking about that. I kind of put it into four main buckets, right. The first will be to strengthen the balance sheet, better position us moving power, and again I think targeting a mid-teens FFO to debt based on our discussions with the agencies, we think that maintaining solid investment grade credit ratings, where we are currently coming out of this, with a lot more flexibility and levers to pull as we think about future growth of the company moving forward. So that's the kind of the bucket number one. The second which is kind of to your point, looking at future long-term earnings growth with investments in regulated utility assets, as we think about the operating model that we deployed at PPL and the efficiency of that model, we think we can acquire some US utility assets, whether as part of the consideration coming from the deal or to your point a potential follow-on and create significant shareholder and customer value. Obviously with PPL Electric Utilities here in Pennsylvania as an example of what we've been able to accomplish, since 2011 we've grown our rate base CAGR in NPA (00:27:53) by about 12%, at the same time our O&M has grown less than 1%. And our average PPL Electric utility rate is about 25% less than the average in the Mid-Atlantic region. We've improved our customer satisfaction scores from J.D. Power by about 20%, and of course, improved reliability at the same time by about 30%. So the kind of the strategy that underpin that was a clear focus on hardening our system as we were making these investments and including the advanced smart grid technology and grid automation, of course looking at better integration of distributed energy resources, including distributed energy resource management systems, so the software side of that as well. And then moving to digital technologies, on the IT front has done a lot to actually reduce the O&M and drive that less than 1% CAGR that I talked about, and so all of that kind of results in our ability to become more efficient, deploy that capital into the network and bring the network into a state that's more flexible, more automated, and more friendly to distributed energy resources and green sources of power. So we think at this point that we've gotten that model that to a point where we could replicate that. And so, again if we are able to acquire an asset in the US either through the consideration or a follow-on, we think that would be another opportunity to create long-term value again both for shareholders and customers. Kind of the third bucket...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: The third bucket just given the strengthening of the balance sheet, we could think about renewables a bit differently than we do today, which will have a direct impact on reducing our carbon footprint and enhancing the growth profile quite frankly just given the credit metrics that we have today that hasn't really been a lever that we've been able to pull in any significant way. And then return of capital to shareholders would be kind of that fourth bucket although I would say our strong preference is to redeploy the proceeds into US growth assets, as it comes to return on capital.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Look, I don't think it's appropriate to speculate on the buy side M&A at this point since we're just launching the process on the sell side for WPD. And maybe I'll just comment, Julien, take a big step back and make a couple comments that I recognize that announcing the launch of the process today as opposed to making this announcement when we have a deal, we recognize that we're not going to have all the answers to your questions. Right. And a lot of your questions may depend on what the actual transaction is, the proceeds and then the use of those proceeds. But given the amount of questions that we've gotten from investors and from sell side over the years specifically regarding strategic alternatives for WPD. We just wanted to be transparent with the market and announce the process. It also has benefits in terms of the process itself, it is common in Europe to announce these types of sale processes at the time you launch it as opposed to waiting and so we believe the buyer universe will be those that – or will include those that have played in that European market. So having a process that's more akin to what they're accustomed to, we think will help with the process itself. So we think we just maximize the flexibility, we think there'll be a lot of interest and it just improves the probability that we'll be able to execute it. So just wanted to just make a general comment on that, but recognizing that we really don't have specifics on the transaction or the proceeds, or the use of those proceeds. I think it's a bit premature to speculate on the buy side, use of those proceeds, to your question.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Not likely that we would get like kind exchange treatment, Steve, but we – one of the issues we discussed in the past was just tax leakage on a transaction and maybe I'll let Joe talk a little bit about kind of our views on that. So we do think we...
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: We've identified with ways to minimize that burden, but I don't think like kind exchange would be the way to do it, but go ahead, Joe.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. I mean, look we're going to look at various different structures and look at maximizing shareowner return, and whether that's all cash or combination of cash and assets, way too early to tell, but at the end of the day we are – the goal here is to maximize shareowner value, but it's also to set the company up for long-term growth and value for investors as well. So we'll factor all that in. I think if you look at our track record of M&A, whether it was acquiring Kentucky in 2010 and the Midlands acquisitions in 2011, and then (00:35:12) off the Genco in 2015, right, all of those created significant shareholder value at the time we did them. So, we'll deal with this in a very thoughtful way with the Board and our advisors and ultimately pick the best structure that optimizes long-term growth and value.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. Look, I just think it's too early Steve to get into any specifics on if there would be an adjustment if any to the dividend. To your point, we'll take a look at all of this at the time we announce the transaction and then the Board will assess the dividend at that time. But as a result of the announcement today, we are not adjusting the dividend at all. And that will continue to remain an important part of our overall TSR, which is – has always been the case for PPL and will continue. Just think it's too early to get into really any specific scenarios around the dividend.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: This is Vince. I would just say that the tax component of it, that Joe talked about, is just one component. I think at the end of the day, when we think about the current market for these types of assets in Europe and even in the UK, we just think that the after-tax proceeds that we would expect today are quite higher than we would have 18 months to 24 months ago when the nationalization risk within the middle of the all the discussion, and (00:38:51) was in the middle of it all. So, I think, that, while the tax component is certainly helping, it's the total net after-tax proceeds that we'd just think is much stronger now than it was.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Well, the regulatory process in the UK is much shorter than in the US. So getting from announcement to a deal to close could take as little as 30 to 60 days as opposed to what we're accustomed to here in the US. So all we're doing with that kind of first half or 2021 commentary is providing enough time, so we are launching the process today. So we need to do all of the activities that go into actually launching the process and then likely a couple rounds of bids and then a couple of months of allotment for approval time should – we should be able to get that done, between now and the middle of next year.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. I think that depends on who the buyer is, but either way I don't think you're looking at the length of the process that we're seeing in the US.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. So I mean, Paul, I think you're on. I don't know if you have specifics on some of the smaller parts of the fleet. I mean, I think for the most part with the 1,200 megawatts that we retired, Michael, those are pretty well out of the fleet. But, Paul, any thoughts on that.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Yeah. The economics are going to drive that. We – again we've done 1,200 megawatts over the last five years. And I have no – I've had no issues dealing with the commission and the state on that. But economics is what drove that. So, as we think about, this is kind of a follow on to Paul's comment as we look at renewables or if there are – if Biden wins the election and the Senate flips to Democrats, Biden's plan is calling for net carbon neutral from the power sector by 2035 so that would likely require a more aggressive coal retirement strategy than what we're currently working under current regulation and legislation. So, I think a lot of things could factor into that, Michael, but for the most part that the commission has been – again if there's a regulatory requirement to do it, then we have to do it after that it's economics. So Paul, I don't know if you have any additional thoughts on that.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Well, like I said you have the gas distribution networks that National Grid sold a couple years ago, E&W sold within the last couple years. There's been some other electric distribution networks that have sold in other parts of Europe, actually more recently than that. So those are kind of the assets that we're talking about, the businesses, the comps that we're talking about.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: I mean, I think, where you see sector right is kind of a net 60% to 70% range. Somewhere 65% to 70%, somewhere 60% to 65%. But kind of in that, in the 60s range is kind of right average for our sector.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: I mean, I would just say that our intention in launching the process is a full exit of the business, so I don't know that there is anything that would preclude us from owning a part of WPD going forward other than our intention. We think the – again, we think the interest level in this business will be high, the market is hot right now for infrastructure assets, so we think these assets will be in demand and we do recognize this will be a large equity check given the size of the WPD business, but that's where potentially including US assets as consideration improves the probability of getting it done because it reduces the amount of cash that's required. So, again, we think just maximum flexibility in kicking this process off just improves the probability of getting to the end result that we're shooting for, which is a full exit of the business.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Not really. I mean there could be tax advantage or cash tax advantage if you don't sell the whole thing, but from a taxable perspective, it's whether you sell one or four, just pro rata.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Great. Thanks. I just want to close out the call thanking everybody for your time in joining us today. I just want to reiterate that today's announcement was part of a broader strategic repositioning for the company following strategic review that we conducted with the Board and again reinforcing that we believe this will create shareholder value not only in the near-term for our shareowners, but set the company up for the long-term as well with stronger balance sheet, better earnings growth, and more opportunity to deploy capital, whether that's in the clean energy sector or within our utilities, so really looking forward to getting going on this process and providing more details if and when appropriate. I'm just really excited about the future of the company, so appreciate everybody's time and thank you. Operator, we can close out the call.
