Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 9. PPL's second quarter earnings from ongoing operations increased over last year, driven by improved earnings at all 3 regulated segments. The Supply segment experienced an earnings decline, as expected, primarily due to lower hedged wholesale power prices. Per-share earnings from ongoing operations declined slightly in the second quarter due to more than 80 million additional shares being included in our share count year-over-year, which equated to an impact of $0.04 per share for the period. On the first quarter call, we discussed at length the change to if-converted accounting for the shares to be issued under the convert securities. Let's start the segment review with Kentucky results on Slide 10. Kentucky earned $0.08 per share in the second quarter, a $0.01 increase compared to last year. This increase was driven primarily by higher margins due to new base rates that went into effect January 1 of this year, partially offset by lower volumes driven by more temperate weather this year. Moving to Slide 11. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.35 per share in the second quarter, a $0.04 increase over last year. This increase was due to higher utility revenues primarily driven by the April 1, 2013, price increase and higher volumes due to weather. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation, higher income taxes and other expense, which was primarily driven by exchange rates, and dilution of $0.03 per share. Turning to Slide 12. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.07 per share in the quarter, a $0.02 increase compared to last year. This increase was the result of higher delivery margins primarily due to new rates that went into effect January 1 this year and increased transmission investment, lower O&M and dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving now to Slide 13. Our Supply segment earned $0.01 per share in the second quarter, a decrease of $0.07 compared to last year. This decrease was primarily the net result of lower Eastern energy margins driven by lower baseload energy prices, partially offset by higher capacity prices and increased baseload unit availability, lower Western energy margins primarily due to lower wholesale energy prices and higher depreciation. These negative drivers were partially offset by lower O&M at Susquehanna and lower outage costs at the Eastern fossil and hydroelectric plants. That completes the more detailed financial overview, and I'll now turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. No, that's a -- it came through as a special item of credit in the period and has no effect on ongoing repatriated tax expense.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Paul, we just -- we updated that slide to reflect RAV pursuant to the RIIO filing that we did on July 1. And so you'll see the numbers in green on the bottom a little bit more robust. So that's really effectively the only change that we made. We're still in the throes of our normal business planning process, and so we'd expect -- and I don't expect there would be any material changes, but modest changes as we get through that. That's probably in Q3 or in the year-end call.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, there's not -- we don't -- given the growth in investment in the U.K., don't maintain significant offshore cash balances. And we've kind of said in the past that if we find ourselves in a situation where we've got cash there in excess of our targeted cap structures and in excess of planned reinvestment, we sweep that cash back to the States, irrespective of tax outcomes. And given the way that we very efficiently tax-structured the acquisitions, there's not any material U.S. incremental tax that comes with those repatriations for the intermediate term. At times, if you look at the P&L and you would see cash balances there, it's because we do benchmark fundraising. So we'll over time eat into our liquidity facilities, do a benchmark transaction and then use that to fund 1 year in our multiyear set of investment options there. So there's not room in the cap structure to lever up, and there's not significant excess cash sitting on the ground.
Paul A. Farr: Transactions, GBP 400 million transaction later this year in the U.K., and then we've got $250 million to $300 million FMBs at both KU and LG&E. We did a transaction in July as well. When you look at the quarter-end statements, we did an FMB at Electric Utilities as well. So the utilities, much like the comment that I just made about the U.K., where we have liquidity facilities that we use and eat into and then replace that with longer-term debt balances, we cycle through that, especially -- you'll see bigger movements with the big construction programs, then you would see a normal run rate where you've only got kind of maintenance CapEx kind of a cycle. So nothing concerning on that front at all, and you'll see some more capital markets debt transactions as we make our way through the balance of the year.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, no, there's no cuts. I had made the comments earlier that we hadn't fully updated that to reflect the business planning changes, which the increase in this transmission project would fall into. So you'd see those updates from us later in the year.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, we've got significant capital in terms of equity coming into the company. We had the $1.150 billion convert at the beginning of the third quarter here, we had the equity forward conclude itself and convert over to shares in Q2. There is new equity coming, $978 million, April of next year from the converts issued to finance the U.K. acquisition. We did -- at the beginning of the quarter, we had a maturity in Supply of $300 million that got paid off. We're, again, in the throes of our business planning process. There's not a -- you use the term capital commitment where we are trying to target and expect to achieve investment-grade credit ratings across the enterprise. We've eliminated equity on a going forward -- need on a going forward basis. So with the very robust capital spending plans of all 3 of the utilities segment, the capital is called for and spoken for at this point in time. But we do massage things as we move through time, and we're cognizant of the statement that Bill made earlier about looking at all the options to try to increase share value, and that'll factor into our financing plans as we finalize those as part of normal business planning.
Victor A. Staffieri: Well, our industrial load continues to grow and reinvestment is being made. So we have -- and as you can tell from the statistics, our industrial load is growing nicely. Where we're seeing some issues is in the commercial side, which really is being affected by the economy. And I do think there are some efficiency gains in our residential customers. But I have to tell you that our housing starts were up materially, year-over-year '11. Total of '11 was about 16%, and year-to-date, we're probably 18% higher than we were last year. So we're starting to see a little bit of momentum now probably driven by our unemployment, which is down. So I think, by and large, we are okay. It's not robust, but I think we're moving smartly ahead and driven by our industrial load, frankly.
Victor A. Staffieri: This is Vic Staffieri. We have -- it's just the natural economy. We have not seen a comeback in our commercial. An offsetting impact of some efficiency gains in our hospitals and educational institutions. So that's where we're seeing some of the runoff in our commercial. And I'll tell you it's really pure economics, and I think there are some efficiencies going on in the commercial sector. We have gotten, as I said before, progress in our industrial sector. We are getting reinvestment by Toyota, by Ford, by General Electric, and that is helping our employment picture. And it should spill over eventually to our residential and, ultimately, our commercial customers, but it's going to take some time.
Victor A. Staffieri: I would say there's a lot of efficiency going on. When you look at our largest commercial customers, they are doing a pretty good job in getting more efficient and making the investments that make sense. You can see it in our hospitals, as I say. You see it in some of our educational institutions. And then, of course, you're seeing the economic impact spending, retail spending, on some of the malls and those kind of commercial customers. But Kentucky's economy never really busted and never really boomed. And so we've been steady as you go. Housing starts, as I indicated earlier, are up. They've been up for 2 years now after a real period of low. So I have some reason -- some cautious optimism that we're on the path to recovery, but it's not as robust as -- obviously, as we'd like.
Victor A. Staffieri: Let me comment on that. We -- you may recall we issued an RFP for a generation supply. That begins in about 2017, 2018. And we're in the process of evaluate -- about 30 bids come in, including from Western Kentucky, Big Rivers, and we're in the process of evaluating those things. It appears to us that we begin to show a deficiency in -- by 2018, so we'll put something in place to meet those requirements. As we say, we're evaluating the RFP, results from the RFP, against self-build option as well. But then now, since it's not complete, we have a little time before we have to do that. We'll probably be in a position to talk about that by the end of the year.
Victor A. Staffieri: About 2018 is when we would begin to show a deficiency off of our -- we have a reserve margin of about 15%, and that's when we begin to show a deficiency in the reserve margin. That's the period of time we're focusing on right now.
William H. Spence: Well, our focus remains as it has been, which is to maintain a slightly positive to flat earnings profile for the Supply business, meaning not -- the target is to not allow to go negative from an EPS perspective. That has not changed. We certainly understand the challenges the competitive generation sector faces and the expectations on declining profitability. Because of the strong growth in the utility businesses, we're obviously able to offset a lot of the declines that we've seen in the supply, and we still believe that the 2014, '15 time period is likely to be the trough, assuming that market conditions don't worsen. The management team, as you know, has had a clear track record, in our view, of insightful analysis of the -- those challenges, and we've taken decisive actions to create and defend shareowner value over the years. We do think there's inherent value in the Supply business, and we're very focused on our shareholders getting the benefit of that value.
William H. Spence: No, I think that's correct, Kit. When we look at the performances of those businesses in the U.K., they're clearly the superior performers in that structure. And we think if anyone deserves to be fast tracked, it would be our 4 distribution companies.
William H. Spence: We are familiar with it. And thus far, we don't see any risk of a spillover. I think the distribution side is very transparent with the process that the U.K. regulator has there. And thus far, that has not even been raised in any publications or any discussions we've seen thus far. So I don't think it will have an impact at all.
William H. Spence: I don't have the year-to-date figure in front of me, but our plan for this year is about $50 million in total, which is similar to last year's plan.
William H. Spence: And I think to some degree, we're -- we have constraints with liquidity in the market. So even if we wanted to hedge 3 to 5 years out, let's say, the liquidity just doesn't exist to allow us to effectively do that.
William H. Spence: Sure, a fair question. And as I have mentioned on previous calls, in Supply our focus has been and will continue to be on aggressively controlling both our O&M and capital costs. And we'll continue to evaluate other options that could increase value. But that's really nothing new in terms of our approach and how we've thought about strategic options over the years. So I think we continue to explore options for all the businesses that would maximize value.
William H. Spence: Well, I think overall, I wouldn't say there was a significant change from our plan. And of course, we came into the year very highly hedged. But overall, we understand the impact. We're following the basis very closely, and it has been slightly negative thus far which, again, was consistent with our thought coming into the year. Dave, I don't know if you have any further comments.
William H. Spence: And Steve, we set the business plan late in 2012. Some of the positive things that we had been seeing, we factored into the numbers that we provided in July. We had the benefit of 6 months of experience at that point in time versus when the plan got finalized. So some of that was based in there as well.
William H. Spence: Really, what we -- I was really speaking to the overall PPL consolidated EPS, which, obviously, some of that is driven by the fall-off on the Supply earnings.
William H. Spence: Sure. On the coal transportation front for our major rail supplier, we had renegotiated a longer-term contract that I think was either -- I think it was late year before last. And that contract goes out still a number of years yet. And so, in terms of our trend, it's really just following the contract terms as we negotiated it. I don't know that I have any more color on where the trends are today. So we're happy with the contract, and it's performing pretty much as we expected it to perform.
William H. Spence: Okay, thanks, operator, and thank you all for joining us today and look forward to your questions on our next quarterly earnings call.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, thanks, Bill. Can I -- I'd say that in the end, when we look back, we'd say the pricing that came out of the auction was rational given flat demand growth and increases in supply from both imports and new generation that were a little bit of a surprise. And going forward, it's just difficult for us to model since we have such limited transparency in this process with issues like the imports without firm transmission and moreover [ph] seeming to continually be changing. So anything -- absent anything else to move capacity prices, we expect they may be somewhere in the same general area the next auction around. We'd like to see some progress in PJM's intent or plans to reform their limits and speculative arbitrage between the BRA and the incremental auctions as well. So we're hoping and supporting in the stakeholder process some of these changes as we go forward.
David G. DeCampli: Sure. We've seen that approaching, Brian. And from a kind of a strategy point of view, we've significantly reduced our utilization of FTRs as a hedge because of the lack of any real resolution around the whole underfunding issue that's going on with those. So we backed all that into our plan. And for us, that's all delivering in accordance to plan this year. So it's disappointing, and we certainly hope that PJM would come up with a suitable solution so we can resume in earnest these -- the use of these tools as an effective way to mitigate basis risk.
David G. DeCampli: Yes. I'd add -- I'll just a supplement, Bill. We have, at this point, no plans to change the percentage targets we have put out in the past for future years, starting with 2015 in this case. So really, no change intended at this point in time.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, we -- well, Julien, we expect that to persist into the future and are enveloping that into our plans for 2014 and beyond. So essentially, we're accepting reality here and just incorporating into our forward-going plan.
Rick L. Klingensmith: The initial determination that Ofgem will make in the November time frame in identifying the potential companies that could be fast tracked is one that they will then follow through with that process so that if you do not make the list of a potential to be fast tracked in that November consultation, then there is not a chance for you to revise your business plan and then try to influence Ofgem in a, way to get your company on that list to be fast tracked. So they will identify those business plans that they believe are well justified and will continue through their evaluations till the March time frame, where they will then either accept all the companies that they had initially determined could be fast tracked or even narrow that list down a bit when their final determination comes out in March.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Sure. We've experienced a number of small, favorable variance in a number of our income statement line items like interest expense and depreciation and maintenance expense, with probably our largest variance in revenue. And that's really due to favorable price and volume variances, including weather, as Paul had mentioned in his remarks earlier. And so our revised forecast for the year incorporates this higher level of revenue that we'll see for the remainder of the year in both pricing and the past volume variances that we've realized already on a year-to-date basis.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Well, the outlook had -- went down was due to the revised share count that we had at the end of the Q1. So, yes, at the beginning of the year, it was higher, but the entire change was just due to the reflection of the share difference at the end of the Q1. There was no operational effects that resulted in that difference in forecast at the end of Q1.
Rick L. Klingensmith: A big part of the positive variance that we're seeing for this year was weather, and that's probably $0.03 a share that's in our numbers on a year-to-date basis. That is more of a onetime item because in the U.K., we may have volume variances within the year, but those get normalized over the long term. And so some of that will get -- be given back in tariffs in the subsequent year. At this stage, it's hard to identify all the changes that'll take place in our tariff calculation. And so we have not changed our forecast or guidance for '14 as it relates to the U.K. Regulated segment.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes. So as we showed on our July 1 presentation, there was an incentive slide that was baked in. And to give a bit more detail, we have estimated $100 million in incentive revenue that we have earned throughout the rest of this regulatory period. But given the regulatory lag and how you recover those revenues, those will then slip into '16 and partially into '17 for our recovery period. But that's our forecast for the incentive revenues for that period.
Rick L. Klingensmith: The fast-tracking process is one that Ofgem will look at how has companies performed in the current rate period with regards to what you had promised to deliver. And promising to deliver is the investment plan that had been set forth in this current 5-year period, as well your performance against the regulatory metrics, including customer service and reliability, safety and a number of other items. And so, how you have performed is a key factor that goes into the fast-track decision. The other side of that decision is then providing a well-justified business plan, a justified business plan that is backed up by cost-benefit analyses, technical analysis of what you need to spend over the next 8-year period, a review of all your cost bases to ensure that there's levels of efficiency in your cost base, as well as then having your business plan influenced by a significant stakeholder engagement program. And we have an extensive stakeholder program where we've had over 4,200 different stakeholders, a number of working groups that have been spread out across our territory to get input from our customers, to get input from our stakeholders with regards as to what do they deem to be most important in the delivery of the service that we provide them. And then we take that input and include it into the business plan determination and prioritizing our investment that is consistent with our stakeholder views. And so that's an important factor that the regulator will review as well. So it's performance in the current period and a well-justified business plan that we believe then sets us forth to be fast tracked through the process.
