Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In closing, our strong performance in the first quarter keeps us squarely on track to deliver on our 2024 commitments to shareowners. As we continue to execute our utility of the future strategy, we're well positioned to achieve or exceed the midpoint of our 2024 ongoing earnings guidance. We're off to a strong start in executing our capital plans, keeping us on track to invest $3.1 billion in infrastructure improvements this year. The newly issued EPA regulations, while they present some real reliability concerns for the industry represent only further upside to our long-term outlook for the business.  We continue to make good progress in integrating Rhode Island Energy into PPL keeping us on pace to exit our remaining transition service agreements with National Grid this year.  And finally, we remain laser-focused on driving efficiency through our Utility of the Future strategy, centralization efforts and asset optimization to keep energy affordable for our customers.  All in all, we are well positioned to continue our strong track record of execution this year.  And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, sure, James. So just in terms of firmness, we do have signed agreements for that 3 gigawatts. So continuing to work through the process with multiple data center companies would probably be in a position or would not be in a position to make a public announcement either from them or us until kind of late this year, early next year. So still a little bit of ways to go on these, but we do have signed agreements with them all.  These would be for in-service dates beginning in 2026. So I think -- '26, '27, '28. And then again, we would be making the bulk of our investments right in time for those initial and service dates. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, sure. So the agreements that we've signed basically enable us to start the development work of the projects, and it would result in reimbursement back to the company should we not move forward with the data center. So data center companies are really taking the risk on that. Overall, we feel good about our ability to get these projects approved through the regulatory process. But you're right, we do need to go through that process. But we are currently spending money on the development for the ones that at least we have the signed agreements, we're starting those now to be ready for a 2026 the initial service fee. On the generation side, so yes, the investment opportunity is really twofold. In Pennsylvania, it's really just the transmission investment that we need to make. These are large centers, so they're connecting to T. Again, we're in the $50 million to $150 million per data center range. That's our share. So the data center is also picking up in similar-sized investments on each of these. So that's kind of the investment opportunity in PA.  Kentucky, again, not as big of data centers, at least the initial ones that we are engaged with there. So the investment opportunities are a little bit smaller, around the $25 million to $75 million per data center range there. But as your question kind of highlights, I think the biggest opportunity from an investment perspective is really on the need for additional generation in Kentucky.  Our current reserve margins are in the 23% range. We kind of target a 17% to 24% range down there with the solar projects that we have and that we're building, we would expect absent anything else to be a little bit over 25%. So obviously, keeping all of this in mind as we put together the IRP. So we'll be updating our full load forecast, including potential data centers, but all the other industrial loads that are coming from the economic development activity, but we also have to look at energy efficiency and DER and everything else that's a counterbalancing there. And then determine if we need additional generation.  I will say, importantly, as we think about the possibility of needing to build the second combined cycle unit down there, whether it's for the data centers or just industrial growth in general, I think it's important to note that we do still have a spot in the queue for that second CCGT from our prior solicitation. So our ability to build that relatively quickly is there. 
Vincent Sorgi: I do. Yes, it is not tied to any specific generation. So ultimately the market through PJM and/or other means needs to continue to build new generation to keep up with this demand. But that will go through the general PJM process. 
Vincent Sorgi: There isn't, although we do expect to basically have a decision on both the DSIC waiver and the LTIP filing by the end of the year. So in general, the LTIP takes about 9 months, those types of filings, and we think it makes sense. Obviously, we requested the DSIC decision to be before the end of the year so that we could apply it for 2025. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So I don't want to get into details around like deposits or anything like that [indiscernible], although I will say the agreement, again, that we are -- that we signed in Pennsylvania, those agreements permit us to start spending on these and then we would get recovery of those for some reason if we don't move forward. So I think the curiousness of the counterparties is there [indiscernible] clearly, right? And for all the reasons I talked about in my prepared remarks, I think we do bring a number of benefits to bear for these folks. Not the least of which is not only our capacity to connect them, but our ability to meet their in-service deadlines. So we can get this work done in time for 2026 in service states for these data centers.  So as of right now, again, to your point, it's never done until it's done, and I appreciate that. But as of now, I'd be pretty disappointed if we didn't get at least 1 data center in our service territories. I would expect more than that though. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, absolutely. And you saw some of that. We've won in a FERC 1000 process last year to build into the Dominion zone for some of the data center load down there. So yes, to your point, depending on where these pockets set up, because generally, as we're talking with these data center companies, it's not necessarily just one and done. If they can build one, their intention is to expand upon that. And so I think you'll start to see these data center hubs start to get created around the country. Obviously, there's economies of scale if they're kind of bundling together. And to your point, that creates a demand for transmission into those areas and again, in the Dominion zone, we ended up winning it was like $100 million to $150 million project to help handle that congestion. So yes, I do think that's a continued opportunity indeed. 
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. In general, certainly, where we can engage with the commission end up with something in between, sure, certainly. 
Vincent Sorgi: Thanks a lot. And I just want to thank everybody for joining us on today's call. I do want to remind everyone that this Saturday is the 150th running of the Kentucky Derby, which is the most exciting 2 minutes in sport. So enjoy the race, and we hope to see you soon. Thanks, everybody. 
