Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Let’s move to Slide 7 to review our second quarter financial results. PPL’s second quarter earnings from ongoing operations were higher than last year primarily driven by strong operating results from the UK including a full quarter of earnings from the Midlands businesses versus two months of results that were included in our second quarter last year. This positive drive was partially offset by lower earnings in the Supply segment as a result of flat energy margins and higher O&M compared to a year ago. Let’s turn to the Kentucky Regulated segment earnings drivers on Slide 8. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.07 per share in second quarter, $0.01 increase over last year. This increase was primarily driven by higher sales volumes resulting from newer (inaudible) compared to the year ago. Moving now to Slide 9, our UK Regulated segment, earned $0.31 per share in the second quarter a $0.10 increase over last year. This increase was due to the operating results of the Midlands utilities that included an additional month of operations as well as performance improvements. Higher delivery revenue at WPD Southwest and South Wales is primarily driven by higher net prices and lower financing costs. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher O&M, including higher pension expense, less favorable currency exchange rates and dilution of $0.01 per share. Turning to our Pennsylvania Regulated segment on Slide 10, this segment earned $0.05 per share in the quarter, $0.01 decrease compared to last year. This decrease was primarily due to higher O&M as a result of higher payroll related expenses and higher legislation management costs. Moving now to Slide 11, our Supply segment earned $0.03 per share in the second quarter a decrease of $0.04 compared to last year. This decrease was driven by the net result of lower West energy margins, primarily as a result of the termination of a seven-month (inaudible) contract in connection with that company’s bankruptcy. Higher Eastern Energy margins driven by higher nuclear generation partially offset by lower baseload energy and capacity prices, higher O&M primarily at the Susquehanna nuclear station, higher depreciation and dilution of $0.01 per share. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill for the Q&A period.
Paul A. Farr: Yeah. Sure, Paul. You are correct on the both counts and I’ll ask Dave DeCampli to provide some more color on that.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Paul this is Paul Farr. It depends upon the mechanics that we ultimately used to get rid out of the excess position. To the extent that it’s a contract buyout, you would see a chart coming through the P&L related to that. To the extent that we differ, it’s simply a deferral and shows up in future periods in the pile cost and the compensatory management. Again, it just blends into the pile, and we would absorb that. As soon as we get through 2013, we do have a capability to absorb that in ‘14 and beyond. So it’s just simply a matter in terms of the financial impact what mechanical way we used to get out of that excess position.
Paul A. Farr: Okay, this is Paul. I will really try to bite those off in pieces. The effective rate on the UK segment earnings is roughly 22%, 23%. On a consolidated basis, blending in the higher domestic and federal and state rates, we get close to 30%. We’re very heavily hedged for 2013, both power as well as our fuel. We are very heavily hedged from an earnings translation perspective on UK earnings at this point as well. I would not see us crossing the 50% threshold at all for 2013. As we execute on the rate base growth plans, which are a little robust in the domestic utilities than they are in the UK business, these are further offset, and again as Bill mentioned earlier, we’re into rate cases with both domestic utilities perhaps to try to get those utilities back for utilities back towards more accessible levels of earned R&D. So there’s a lot to go out of dynamics that will also help call it a rate base as we go through plans.Justin McCann – S&P Capital IQ: Okay. Thank you.
Paul A. Farr: Yeah, let me – maybe come at it – and I don’t really think of things usually from a 12-month trailing perspective. So it’s the dynamic that we’ve been talking about, the lower commodity interest from the hedge perspective because we are moving through size. The hedges that we have got in place are at lower levels than we have hedged the prior 12 months when they were – they were a little robust. The regulated utilities are under earning, but we are in for rate cases on both of those domestically. WPD is executing very strongly against the plan that we have when we acquired utilities. So that’s fairly steady as she goes.
Paul A. Farr: And Brian – hi this is Paul. One other think I’d mention is, it’s on the soft side, but the strong performance in the UK could also cause us to be able to extract higher dividend levels from there, which should contribute to that in and of itself. And so it’s costs and that out, we’re looking to UK (inaudible).Brian James Chin – Citigroup Global Markets:  Understood, understood. And then lastly on ‘14, just any sort of rough commentary on hedging levels for ‘14. I know you don’t put it in those performance slides, but any color there would be great.
Paul A. Farr: We don’t Ashar have guidance, and I think the way that people are modeling things as we look at sell side research and people look at mostly in ‘15, you can see where the softness is relative to larger units in the (inaudible) the fuel prices and like we prefer not to give numbers or even the pattern if you will. On average I don’t think people are par.Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management LP:  Okay. Thank you so much.
Paul A. Farr: I mean, again that’s adjusting for share count on the convert next year, so net of that, you got to factor that in as well.Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Management LLC:  Okay. So net income should be higher and then I should adjust for the share count, and then I guess to see where that lands.
Paul A. Farr: On a portion of the distribution CapEx, it doesn’t cover all CapEx’s reliability basis then. So…Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Got it, guys. Thank you. Much appreciated.
William H. Spence: Sure, Paul. And that was the preliminary leave on their plan that was filed with Ofgem, but Rick Klingensmith can get into the details for you.
William H. Spence: Let me ask Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities for Pennsylvania there to comment on that.
William H. Spence: Well, I think overall with the strong hedge position we have in 2013 even with those levels of hedge generation and the upward projections that we have obviously some of that means that we’re going to be buying generation from the market at a lower price than we can produce it for. So, that has a net positive effect. So overall, I don’t really see any material change to the overall earnings picture for 2013 compared to what it was previously.Paul T. Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
William H. Spence: We have for the year-to-date, it’s been really relatively flat for us with the hedges that we had put in place. I believe we are just slightly positive on basis for the year-to-date. And as we look at the year end and what we expect for the year, we would expect again with the hedges we have in place to come out near neutral near zero, maybe slightly positive or negative, but not anything in either direction at this rate then. So I think its playing out as we expected it – as we articulated at the beginning of the year, expect them to basically be flat to slightly negative through West hub.
William H. Spence: It would be a combination of, it’d be a number of a variety of things, but certainly our CapEx and O&M will be a component, yes.Leslie B. Rich – JPMorgan Asset Management, Inc.:  Okay, thank you.
William H. Spence: Well, for the quarter as you saw in Paul’s remarks that we were a positive $0.10 a share for this quarter due to the Midlands. Of that $0.10, $0.08 was due to the extra month, and $0.02 was due to accruals.
William H. Spence: As we look at the results of the UK regulated segment in both forecasts that we have established at the beginning of the year as well as $1.7 that you will see here, you’ll notice that, that’s tracking much at the high end of the synergy forecasts that we had provided back in the April of last year when we were making the acquisition. So we’ve been able to significantly outperform through cash savings, cost savings across the enterprise in outsource, reducing outsourcing contrasts, reducing labor costs, improved financing. So any area that we’ve been able to affect has been very positive, and $1.7 that we’re forecasting for the year is at the high end of that range.
William H. Spence: Yeah. Our license modifications that provide certainty on our actual results for the year ending March would likely be in the October, November timeframe. So we are anticipating that on the third quarter of earnings release that we’d be able to provide an exact number that we are able to achieve. But as Paul mentioned, we were expecting to double this year’s results of [$20 million].Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Got it, okay. Thanks and congrats on a good quarter.
William H. Spence: At level slightly above the $1.57 that we had communicated over the last year or so, so slightly better than those numbers.Brian J. Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Securities:  Okay, thank you very much.
William H. Spence: I can’t really give you a precise breakdown of how much that would be at this point, as I indicated in my opening remarks. We are still in the preliminary stages of our planning though. We do believe it’s a realistic objective to cut $250 million out of the equity raise, and then just leaving that in the management comp. So I think – exactly where it’s going to come from, which business line, we are still in that process of determining that, but again, I think based on the preliminary numbers, we think that it’s very achievable.
William H. Spence: Sure, on the last call, we indicated that for 2014, we’re at 10% to 20% hedged. We’re now in the 20% to 30% hedged range, would be more towards in the 30% and the 20%, and we’ve obviously taken the opportunity with some of the strength that we’ve seen here at rates that we’re hedging to more of these efforts. So we’ve made some progress during the quarter, and obviously we’d be reporting out on this again in the next earnings call.Brian James Chin – Citigroup Global Markets:  Great. Much appreciated. Thank you.
William H. Spence: It’s certainly a mix, and I would said on the domestic front certainly both utilities would be included in that potential, and I think as we look at it while it has the potential to reduce the rate base growth in utilities by cutting back saving on CapEx in the domestic utilities. On the flipside of it, we think it’s going to be earnings accretive, and certainly the short-term view of that even though if they cut back the rate base a bit, they’re obviously going to have benefit in the west region. So we think that, that is going to be positive, and it would, as we mentioned a variety of assets to go off over those declines and it’s combination of UK as come in all of increased dividends, our factories do that…Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group, Inc.: Great, thank you.
William H. Spence: Yes. It is. I wouldn’t say the levels that we would be talking about for the domestic utilities are huge in size. Obviously, Rick talked about earlier the fact that the Bluegrass plant and associated transmission and some other spend on consultancy (inaudible) that doesn’t really come back in and plan until 2017, when at that point in time the ETR sales is done, ECGT is constructed and those utilities are generating significant cash flow instead of absorbing cash internally. So yeah, there is some modest decreases that we’ll be looking at for select facilities so they wouldn’t be outside and causing dramatic reductions in the regulated growth profile.Anthony C. Crowdell – Jefferies & Co., Inc.:  Great. Thanks for the clarification.
William H. Spence: Yeah, that is correct. If you look at also how Ofgem has phased our revenues over time, we’re actually seeing a 5.5% real increase year-on-year, so that will also come into play in 2013. And as we had already discussed in previous answers, we also expect some additional revenue from incentives for performance starting April 1, of next year as well.
William H. Spence: Well, I think, we think about all the options available to us while as we go through our strategic planning process and as I indicated earlier, we’ve really not commented on specific asset sales or strategic options. And as I indicated on the last call, we’re very happy with the business mix we have today, and our focus is really on executing the plan that we’ve gotten in front of us, and in my view, we’ve done an excellent job on all fronts in supply, and all the utilities are executing the plan and I think our results reflect that. We’re very optimistic about the future with the offset of that with some business mix we have.
William H. Spence: It’s basically just a few months lag. So we put plan into service, and then we start recovering within I believe its’ four months.
William H. Spence: Okay, we really appreciate the questions today and with that I thank you for the call. I think it was a great quarter, and appreciate all the questions, and we’ll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes. Paul, so at the end of last week the Public Utility Commission came out with their curriculum on how well to handle Act 129 beyond the year 2013. And there really weren’t any surprises. So it’s – we have an idea of the expected reductions that they are looking for and we will be putting into our plans in order to meet those objectives.Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Gregory N. Dudkin: In Pennsylvania, we filed our – in my testimony, we identified we expect we will have mid-6% at the end of the year.Raymond M. Leung – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Wonderful. Great, thanks a lot.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yeah, our intent is to file for the debt as early as fall 2013, so we just got our implementation order rate late last week from the PUC and that’s (inaudible) have us file a long-term improvement plan in the third quarter, and file for this again as early as possible as we can in 2013.
