Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. Before I briefly highlight our 2021 strategic priorities, I just want to reiterate how proud I am of what we were able to achieve in 2020 under truly remarkable circumstances. Operationally, we didn't miss a beat delivering very strong results. Financially, we overcame stiff headwinds to achieve our earnings guidance and return the capital to shareowners. Internally, I saw our businesses collaborate like never before as we work to keep each other safe and tackle COVID-19. And at the end of the day I truly believe we made a positive impact on society and that's the common purpose that really unites employees at all levels across PPL. In 2020, we demonstrated PPL’s tremendous resilience and agility. And as I've shared with our employees, I truly believe we will emerge from this pandemic stronger and more united than ever before. With that in mind, our clear focus moving forward is on delivering long-term value for our customers and our shareowners. In 2021, that includes completing the process to sell our U.K. utility business and repositioning PPL as a purely U.S. focused utility company. I'm pleased to report that the process to sell WPD remains on track and we continue to expect to announce the transaction in the first half of this year. As we shared previously, we believe a sale of the U.K. business will simplify our business mix, strengthen our balance sheet and enhance the company's long-term earnings growth rate. In addition, we believe it will give the company greater financial flexibility to invest in sustainable energy solutions. Another top priority of ours this year is as always delivering electricity and natural gas safely, reliably and affordably. No job we do is more important than that. And this year we will remain focused on continuous improvement, innovation, benchmarking and best practice sharing as we seek to once again deliver industry-leading operational performance and provide a superior customer experience. Other notable priorities for 2021 include advancing our clean energy strategy and reducing PPL’s carbon footprint further enhancing the DEI culture I spoke about earlier and building strong communities through philanthropy, volunteerism and customer assistance. In conclusion, as we look to 2021 and beyond, I'm excited about the opportunity we have to reposition PPL for future success, and I'm confident we will continue to deliver long-term value for our customers, our share owners and the communities we serve. With that, operator, let's open the call for questions.
Vince Sorgi: Yes Julien on that point I really don’t want to speculate on potential M&A scenarios or hypothetical M&A type scenarios. So just don't think it's appropriate to get into that.
Vince Sorgi: Yes and I'll ask Paul to maybe comment on kind of what we're thinking there. Certainly the - as we're looking at what's happening at the federal level and with the Biden administration, right it's still early yet in terms of you know anything specific coming out of the Biden administration. But I think it's clear that they intend to make policy addressing climate change right a priority. And so, we will certainly continue to remain engaged with the administration on their goals to advance some of those policies. Obviously rejoining the Paris agreement will certainly lead to more aggressive U.S. carbon reduction commitments either 2030/2035 remains to be seen there. That - the targets that are being discussed there certainly would require advancements in technology to be able to achieve those as it's really not feasible today from our industry to really be net zero by 2035 which is what they're talking about. So we'll continue to discuss these challenges with the administration as we're engaging with EI and every and other industry groups. And we'll continue to do that to support what we think is the most efficient way to accomplish those goals. As the industry has been supportive of the overall goals, we don't quite have agreement on how to get there and the ability of the industry to meet those aggressive targets. But Paul, do you want to talk about maybe how we're kind of thinking about things in Kentucky recognizing that it's pretty early in the game.
Vince Sorgi: Yes no real updates Durgesh. I would just say that as you can appreciate, this is a very competitive and confidential process. So not really in a position to provide additional details regarding the specific process as I indicated in my opening remarks. The process is continuing to progress as we would have expected and again we continue to expect to announce something in the first half of this year.
Vince Sorgi: Well I would just - unfortunately I don't think that's what one I may be able to get into a lot of detail on Steve…
Vince Sorgi: It's appropriate at this stage to get into any details certainly on what - potential buyers are bidding yes.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, it’s certainly quicker in the U.K. than it is in the U.S. We do have a few required approvals that we will need to get as part of this process that we didn’t need to get when we acquired Central Network. So I think I had indicated in the past that we had closed that transaction from announcement to signing in about 30 days. I wouldn’t expect us to be able to close this transaction that quickly, but it will still be within just a few months. It’s not going to be significantly beyond that.
Vince Sorgi: Well, I really don't want to speculate on that at this point Anthony like certainly we will be looking to maximize the use of proceeds to really maximize the shareholder value there, right. And whether that entails something on the buy side here in the U.S. or renewables or efficiently deploying it to the balance sheet that all remains to be seen. So I think it's really hard for us to indicate today what that 12/31/2021 deck is going to look like. But we will probably have a better sense of that when we get closer to execution of the deal. But at this point I think - visibility into that not quite clear.
Vince Sorgi: Great, just want to thank everybody for joining the call today and stay safe out there with this winter weather depending on where you are. Thanks everyone for joining.
Paul Thompson: Sure. I think I would point out as you may know, but point out that what we will need to be doing as we have in the past is whatever actions we would be proposing that we would need to demonstrate - that it's the lowest most reasonable cost initiative. And so, in that to your question, we will certainly be looking at the bill versus the buy opportunities that we have. And it will be incumbent upon us then to put forward a good case to the public service commission on actions moving forward. So I think in that construct of demonstrating the lowest most reasonable cost that’s the way we'll have to operate and we've done that well in the past. And I expect that to happen again here in the future.
Paul Thompson: Absolutely, as Vince indicated it's the first quarter - end of the first quarter where we'll get responses back as you may have seen our information put out on coal retirements was the latter part of the decade. So yes, we're still early on for sure.
Paul Thompson: Sure, first of all I would say that yes a few years ago we were denied the AMI application for CPCN that we put forward with the commission allowing us to and asking us to do some more piloting and then suggesting that we can come back in. We have done all that. We have built what we believe to be a pretty solid business case for providing opportunities and cost benefit to customers. To Vince's point the approach that we're taking on this is. As part of the rate case and the CPCN not having that capital go into the rate base, but rather have a AFUDC treatment so that over time the O&M savings that we're projecting to the customers are effectively paying for that capital. So the basics though of the case that we think - that we are putting forward. We think it's very strong and so we're very hopeful that the commission will rule in the positive on that case.
