Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 8 to review fourth quarter and year-end 2012 results. Our fourth quarter results include lower supply segment earnings driven by lower energy margins, higher O&M and higher income taxes. Full year 2012 earnings from ongoing operations benefited from strong financial performance by our U.K. utilities, but the U.K. results were more than offset by the combination of lower supply segment energy margins and higher O&M depreciation and income taxes in our 3 domestic segments. This year's results include dilution of $0.14 per share resulting from the common stock issuance Bill mentioned earlier. Let's move to the Kentucky regulated segment earnings drivers on Slide 9. Our Kentucky regulated segment earned $0.33 per share in 2012, a $0.07 decrease compared to 2011. This decrease was due to lower retail margins primarily due to unfavorable weather during the first 4 months of 2012. Higher O&M driven by increased scope of scheduled generation outages in 2012, higher depreciation, higher property taxes, losses from an equity method investment and dilution of $0.02 per share. Our U.K. regulated segment earned $1.19 per share in 2012, a $0.32 increase over 2011. [Technical Difficulty]
Paul A. Farr: I don't have that number off the top of my head right now. Using a market-implied rate across all of the segments and blending that and looking at the average debt levels, especially with the holdco leverage that we've got in the U.K. and in Kentucky and the bit that we have at cap funding, that includes the convertible securities, it's going to be in the 7% to 8% range.
Paul A. Farr: I think when you look at the CapEx chart that we included in the presentation that we've reflected the -- it's about $250 million of reduction for the supply segment. Most all of the major projects that are sitting in Kentucky have been fully contracted at this point in time, so I would not expect that we would see much variability in that forecast. The U.K. is always pretty right on. Greg and his team at EU are always pretty right on, so it would really take another downward movement in power prices before we would have to address CapEx in an even more significant way than we've already taken over the last 2 or 3 planning cycles to cause that to go down. On the O&M front, as Bill mentioned in the upfront remarks where we've included in the plan a $0.05 impact roughly for extra outages and extended outage in the refuel for Unit 2 at Susquehanna and a planned outage now for Unit 1 as well. We had said back in fall that the combination of potential additional outages, plus the Fukushima-related work, was really going to absorb some of the cost-reduction measures that we had already been putting in place at our shared services units. Some of the spending increase that you're seeing coming through the plan this year, as I indicated for the EU, was being driven by really trying to continue the outperformance on the customer service metrics and to get the condition of the network back to the level that it should have been at had the prior owner been spending where they should have been spending. In addition, Vic and his team cut somewhere around $50 million of O&M last year just to respond to what we were seeing from really bad weather at the front end of the year, so there is a restoration of some level of spend there as well. So in the very short term in 2013, I think there are some things that happened in '12 and that are going to continue into '13 that will have an impact. We're always focused on trying to operate the business in the most cost-efficient manner that we can, and we'll continue to strive to find ways to do that. I don't think that I would expect -- that you should expect to hear from us a larger scale O&M reduction downsizing effort at least as we look at our business prospects right now.
Paul A. Farr: Okay. Well, I -- again, as the models kind of transition here a little bit, if we go back to even a couple of years ago when we did the Kentucky transaction, the reason that we used Kentucky holdco as financing was it was cheaper to do it at that level than it was given the relative business mix at that time, given the steps that we've taken over the past couple of years, we're now comfortable with replacing the Kentucky holdco financing with a single holdco at PPL Cap Funding, which comes with a PPL Corp. guarantee. The $400 million issuance last year was actually originally planned at supply, and so we primarily used that level of financing to delever the supply business. I would expect that as we remarket convert securities, the piece of which -- the $1.150 billion that we'll convert in June will remarket at that level, and then the $977 million, $978 million that'll convert in April of the following year, will also be remarketed at that level. Those are existing outstanding securities, and then I would look again as we kind of grow the balance sheet. And as we're trying to maintain target credit metrics at the opcos, it won't be an overreliance on cap funding, it'll be the right balance between on the domestic front primarily first mortgage bonds, some modest level of holdco issuances, all to kind of keep the targeted credit metrics and cap structures at the regulated utilities, plus the investment-grade credit rating at corp.
Paul A. Farr: That would be the case and I would -- as we think about kind of the business planning horizon, as we look at our numbers, 2014 looks like the trough period for us. We need to kind of see obviously as we continue our hedging program and execute on our retail and other platforms. We kind of see -- need those -- need to see those forwards play out. So there's more work to do, if you will, but yes, we will continue to see those levels.
Paul A. Farr: We actually have a very active hedging program around both interest rates and FX, and we're right on in terms of where I would expect those hedge levels to be around expected issuances. We actually are most active in kind of on the interest expense side inside the 24-month window but definitely 1 year out, which we -- we're active so...
Paul A. Farr: It's -- on a regulatory ROE basis, it would be about 9.5%, so that would exclude the goodwill and some other things that, in the purchase accounting, that wouldn't be embedded in a normal calculation. But around [indiscernible] ...
Paul A. Farr: No, it should be right -- pretty much right on top of those numbers because at that time, we knew that we would be able to constrain the future equity issuances after the equity forward settles here at the end of Q1 and then the 2 converts, they're basically just driven management comp. So that was embedded at that point in time as well. It should be very close to those numbers.
Paul A. Farr: Okay. We have -- based upon the level of spend for next year plus some carryover from the prior years, it would be about a $400 million deferred tax asset. Now remember that we purchased north of $1 billion of net operating losses from the Kentucky acquisition that we have not been able to use at this point in time given the number of years that we've now been having bonus depreciation. So we were not going to be a tax -- a federal-level cash taxpayer until 2016 without the incremental bonus depreciation we've been given. That now pushes us out into at least 2017. So we would not have had cash taxes planned prior to the gift of bonus depreciation that we got right at year end here, but it will push out another year before we're a cash taxpayer.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, as Rick mentioned, I think, on one of the previous answers to the question, it was in the October time frame in '13 with the final knowledge in February-type time frame of 2014. [indiscernible]
Paul A. Farr: Yes. At that point in our 5-year plan, we wouldn't have a significant blending yet of a PPL fundamental view. So there might be some modest expectation in there of some recovery, but it's much more towards years 4 and 5 of our plan where we would clearly expect to see recovery and heat rates and the retirement of the units that Bill had talked about, so not anything significant. It's pretty much the market [indiscernible] .
Paul A. Farr: We would expect to clearly see by '15 some level of correction in terms of things getting more rational.
Paul A. Farr: The 9.3% I think, you'd call. On a regulatory basis, how you would look at it, it would be in the low 11% range around transmission.
Paul A. Farr: With the low levels of low growth that Bill referred to earlier and the level of capital spend that we've got, not all of which gets a tracker-based recovery on it, especially and including the combined cycle units that's under construction now in Kentucky, we would expect in every other year, so 2015, new rates would be effective, correct.
William H. Spence: Okay, we seem to experience some technical difficulty. We apologize for that. I think we were – got cut off somewhere in the middle of Slide 10. So we’re going back to Slide 10 on the U.K. regulated segment earnings drivers. So Paul, go ahead.
William H. Spence: Sure. I would say in terms of forward prices, we haven't yet fully seen the MATS impact reflected. We do believe that, that impact should be in the range of $3 to $5 per megawatt hour in addition to where forward prices are today. From a overall coal plant retirement perspective, we would expect, based on the MATS, as well as the care and CSAPR, EPA rules that you may get up to the 60,000 to 70,000 gigawatt retirement levels overall. So -- and I believe that's about 20%, a little over 20% of the U.S. coal fleet could be impacted ultimately by MATS. So I think the real question is one of timing. We would expect somewhere between the 2015 to 2017 time frame that all those units that would ultimately be impacted would announce retirements in that range.
William H. Spence: Sure, Dan. I think we are highly confident. We have a very detailed root cause analysis that we have worked on for the last year in conjunction with the vendor. We believe the equipment changes we're making will, in fact, fix this for the long term, so we're very optimistic that this can be put in place in the spring outage and take care of us on a go-forward basis.
William H. Spence: Sure. For the plan in 2013 in the Kentucky utility business on a weather normalized basis, we're looking at a little more than 0.5% growth so around 0.7% growth. In Pennsylvania, because of energy efficiency requirements in the state, we're actually looking at a decrease of about 0.5% on a volumetric basis, again weather normalized. So that's for 2013. On a longer-term basis, we would expect growth in about the 1% range on a year-over-year basis on a go-forward basis.
William H. Spence: And I think the good news there, Kit, is that with all the strategic acquisitions that PPL's done over the past few years, we've really significantly shielded ourselves from commodity market volatility. So I think as we look forward, we have a very stable and predictable platform of earnings drivers that I think really position us well.
William H. Spence: Okay. I'll ask Rick Klingensmith, President of our Global and Energy Services Group, to take that question.
William H. Spence: Sure. We typically will report on that forward year, that third year, if you will, later this year based on past practice. So we don't have a lot of hedges out there in 2015 at this point. We're probably in the 10% to 20% type range right now, which is very typical where we would be at this point in time for a year like 2015.
William H. Spence: Sure. I think as I mentioned in my opening remarks, Michael, we are very focused on managing the O&M as we look at the next few years in particular. And Dave, why don't you comment on some of the specific things we are doing.
William H. Spence: It is a combination of both O&M as well as lost margin due to the days that we're planning to be out. And on a go-forward basis, the level of adjustment, if you will, on O&M should be minimal, meaning that we should come back to more or less a normal run rate with just our planned outage schedules, and any follow-up work that we need to do on turbine blade-type modifications, we would do in the context of scheduled outages as we go forward.
William H. Spence: Sure. As we noted, we were able to generate a little over $80 million. I believe it's $83 million in incentives in the last regulatory cycle, which would kick in April 1 of this year. And maybe Rick, you could comment on how we look at the future in terms of incentive bonus.
William H. Spence: So the net income -- the new net income guidance that we provided for 2013 and '14 reflects the $83 million of bonuses that we expect to continue.
William H. Spence: And there is, even in the forward curve for '15, now a slight increase; '14 to '15, there's already built in, in the forwards, some increase there already. So I think what Paul is saying is that our current plan and outlook for '14 and '15 really reflect the forward prices that are posted out there.
William H. Spence: Well for '14, there's liquidity. I think when you get out to '15 and '16, that's when you start to see pretty thin markets there. So no real issues locking down more hedges for '14. But as we get into -- further here into '13, liquidity will probably increase, I'm sure, for '15. So we always look for opportunities to hedge in when the markets are available and at a price that we think is fair. Okay. Well, I think with that, operator, we'll close the call, and I thank everyone for joining us today and look forward to our next call.
David G. DeCampli: Yes. Neel, we are experimenting with the use of lower quality coal in some of our coal units. We need to determine technically the impact on the boilers over the long term. So during the year, late year 2012, we were doing a lot of test burning. We do expect to be able to burn some lower-spec coal going forward. And that is reflected in a little bit of an increase in our expected baseload generation from the coal units, and it's priced in as well. With regard to PRB coal, with the transportation cost, we just don't anticipate that being much of a player for us.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, the -- actually, you know there's -- there are 2 outages scheduled for the spring. One is the refueling outage that's -- was previously scheduled, and we'll couple onto that the modifications or the initial modifications to that unit. Within the same time frame, with 1 week of overlap, we're going to take the second unit off and do the same modifications to it. So we expect to be done in the spring period with both units coming out of service. Again, one for refueling plus modification and then the other unit just for modification.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, Michael, in 2012, on the fossil and hydro-side of the business, we were able to reduce O&M about $40 million. Some of that was offset in 2012 due to the Susquehanna outages, and you commented that will -- some of that will occur in 2013 as well. We continue to work through the whole fleet and very, very carefully work through a whole number of items to trim O&M costs going forward. I would expect level or slightly reduced O&M in the plan for the next 5 years.
Rick L. Klingensmith: As we look at 2015 and the RIIO approach to the regulatory framework as we reach to that period of time, there really are a number of factors that are -- come into the determination of what our revenues are going forward. You mentioned profiling, which is the way the revenues have been shaped during this rate review period will likely be different as to how we see, perhaps, a more unprofiled approach in the next rate review period. That element is just one variable, but there will be other variables that will come into play as well, including the weighted average cost of capital, incentive revenues, our capital expenditures and our cost plans going forward into that next 8-year period. We are still working on our business plans at the moment to put all those variables together, and we'll be submitting those to Ofgem in July of this year. So hard to say what the ultimate outcome will be from that RIIO effect, but we will have a better idea of the various parameters and its effects with our business plans the middle of July.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Well, you may have a better view of '15 as Ofgem has announced that they would come out in October of this year with an assessment of the business plans that have been filed and an assessment of were any of those business plans of sufficient justification for them to be fast tracked through the process. To the extent we are fast tracked through the process, and that is our goal, to have each of our 4 distribution operating companies fast tracked through the process, that it would be in February '14 that we would have a final determination, a set of final proposals from Ofgem, for the fast-tracked entities. That would be about 9 months sooner than the normal process that would happen toward the end of '14.
Rick L. Klingensmith: That's in the U.K. If you were to look at our U.K. regulated segment, which incorporates the interest costs associated with our equity units, you would find that and some extra costs that are allocated here on the domestic side, you would find our U.K. regulated segment ROE, as we've reported, to be about 16%, 16.1% in 2012.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes, as we look out at the future, as Bill mentioned, for the regulatory year that ended in March of 2012, that we will get recovery starting in April 1 of this year for the 12 months following April 1 of this year. It was about $83 million, and about 80% of that incentive revenue was earned at the Midlands business. 20% of our legacy business is in Southwest and South Wales. As we look into the future, we are expecting and forecasting at least that same level of outperformance here over the next 2 years, relatively in Q4 heading into our real period when the metrics are reset at that point in time. So we are confident that we'll be able to earn at least that same level of $83 million in bonus revenues going forward.
Rick L. Klingensmith: This is Rick Klingensmith. As you look at what they've done in the past, the upside potential was there because, ultimately, the ability to outperform also is helping customers. And so in the past, Ofgem has not been concerned about the outperformance that might be available for your levels of performance because it's ultimately benefiting customers. As we move into RIIO, that will likely be the case, but they will also look at the weighted average capital that's required for the business to finance the capital investment and the costs going forward. So they will reset sort of all the revenues based upon that finance ability of our business plan going forward. But I do believe that their process around outperformance will remain in the RIIO time period.
