Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. My update today will be pretty quick. We've been extremely busy since the June 9 announcement. And on Slide 16, we outlined some of the major milestones and activities currently underway. Last week, we received commitments for a new $1.85 billion 5-year revolving credit facility for Talen Energy, that will be available when the transaction closes. Earlier this month, Riverstone successfully executed its planned $1.25 billion bond offering to refinance the project-level debt at Raven, Jade and Sapphire. This debt will be assumed by PPL Energy Supply when the generation businesses are merged. The bonds carry a 5-year maturity and a 5.125% coupon subject to a 50-basis-point step down, if Talen achieves certain targeted credit ratings at the time of the merger. Finally, we completed 3 of the 4 planned regulatory filings this month. We filed a Section 203 application with FERC, citing 2 separate market mitigation proposals, an application with the NRC for the indirect transfer of the Susquehanna nuclear licenses and an application with the PaPUC here in Pennsylvania for the change of control of the IEC pipeline utility just yesterday. The DOJ filing is on schedule for the fall this year, given their review process. This progress keeps us on schedule for an expected closing of Q1 or Q2 next year, as Bill mentioned. And we'll keep you updated along the way. With that, I will turn it over to Bill for the Q&A session.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. Kit, when you look in the back, in the appendix, that it looked like our hedges decreased in 2015. That's primarily because on a economic dispatch modeling basis, with the improved prices that we saw in the second quarter, more generation was economic. And so, there just simply more generation. Given our target hedging program, kind of 1 year forward to be about 75% hedged, looking forward to the transaction, we're pretty much on schedule with those hedge levels. So we weren't doing a significant amount of hedging for '15. We did do some for '16, though, on that 25% year-to-mark.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that will be pretty close to that at 75%, 1 year; 25%, second year. We're also doing 100% of the retail in utility load following hedging out of the generation book, which is a little bit different. And one way to think about that is, we'll just simply be constrained from a liquidity perspective. We're basically increasing the amount of generation that has to be hedged by about 50%, with a 50% reduction between the size of liquidity facilities and cash that we've got. So it's just -- it's a liquidity-targeting exercise. Just like it was when it was Energy Supply, but we had bigger facilities and a smaller fleet.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. So when we signed the transaction documents with Riverstone, basically at that time, the 2 companies are pretty much economically tied at the hip. From the standpoint of the cash that's generated by the business, except for the payment of shared services, taxes and a fixed dividend stream, the cash stays in the business. So it's the cash that will be there at close. It's cash from the mitigation with whichever of the 2 packages we pursue and sell those assets. It's the liquidity facilities that we have in place. So there's very ample liquidity to fund an outage. And remember, all of the capital expenditures that relate to equipment replacement are under warranty with Siemens, and that's on their nickel and not ours.
Paul A. Farr: Well, we requested 2 different packages. So just to remind everybody, the first package is the Sapphire. Most of the Sapphire portfolio from Riverstone and the Ironwood plant. The second package is than same Sapphire portion of the portfolio, the Crane facility in Baltimore and the Holtwood Wallenpaupack facilities here in Pennsylvania. We will be approaching the market even in advance of receiving approvals to gauge investor interest and we'll move forward with both packages and determine which of those has the best outcome from a share and value perspective for Talen shareowners. They look at the relative level of EBITDA and cash flow that the asset portfolios generate versus sale proceeds that we think we can secure in an auction process.
Paul A. Farr: Where we're sitting, I mean, on a peak basis at least, do you focus on '15 or '16. We're sitting pretty much right between where we started the year and the peak of the prices kind of that we saw in the June type time frame. We're still seeing on a gas-basis perspective some of the benefits from the polar vortex in the winter period. In the summer period. If you look at gas, it's a bit softer, whether you look at TETCO or whether you look at Marcellus base numbers, we have not simply not had. So we had extraordinary weather in January, and we've had literally no summer yet. So we've had no -- while no summer here and we're just starting to have a summer in Texas. So I think when you think about the pricing, I still think that the low 50 -- 50 to 52, 53 on a peak basis numbers are achievable. I think we'll see another rally as we get towards winter, as we typically do in that time of the year. We are, as you said, not compulse to hedge. And as I mentioned, when I answered an earlier question, simply on a liquidity basis, our targets are much lower than they were when inside PPL and trying to derisk that as much as we could. We simply won't be able to given that we'll have lower liquidity to post as collateral against the hedge positions. And we do want to run more open, as you indicated, to take advantage of price improvements when they come.
Paul A. Farr: Julien, this is Paul. There really is -- there's no change. When we talked about it on the day of the announcement, we talked about a 1,000 megawatts of baseload equivalent. When you look at the Sapphire portfolio, which is simple cycle and combined cycle, it's less efficient combined cycle plants, oil and gas in Jersey. When you look at Ironwood today, as Bill indicated, at 98% capacity factor, has more baseload. The Crane plant has a very low capacity factor on an annual basis. And then the hydros are 55% to 60% run on river plants. It's just when you do the math, that gets you each of them to a 1,000 megawatts of baseload equivalent. They happen to be roughly the same in terms of total megawatts at 13 50-ish but, but it's really the equivalency that, that we're trying to get to.
Paul A. Farr: Well, we're following all the processes that are going on right now. So we know everything that's on the market. We think we know what's coming on the market in fall and in spring. So we're actively following it, and if there was something that was compelling, there wouldn't be anything, provided we reached a consensus around that. With Riverstone, there wouldn't be anything that would prevent us from approaching the market right now. So I think anything that's in PJM that would have the potential to complicate any aspect of the regulatory approval processes, especially when we've got known market power issues to deal with, it probably wouldn't be a high probability. But as we move through time and we secure those approvals and they agree with the mitigation plans provided that the area of PJM we'd be buying in, wouldn't further complicate that, there'd be no problem there. So we're actively watching that, as we said, right now. But as I said, we've got the hydro sale process underway in Montana. We're looking at some other potential noncore asset disposals. We've got the mitigation processes that we're going to be evaluating as well, so the deal team has quite a bit on the plate already, as well. So we'll be judicious.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. I mean, as long as we're well west of 50 or 4 50 or 5, then I think that wouldn't complicate things. So yes, we wouldn't be against it if the right opportunity came along.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, let me take that one. This is Paul. So we've done financial transactions supported by third-party generation in the past. This one just simply didn't meet the accounting designation for carve-out in that policy for us. And so just based on our internal accounting policies, it flows through. But as Vince said, there is only a very small amount of it that is in the forecast for the end of the year. And as things have come off from a price and smart-grid perspective, even in the July-type time frame, some of that benefits already been reverted out since June.
Paul A. Farr: This is Paul. One other quick thing, remember, we're so heavily hedged this year, that to the extent that we see below normal weather, that's actually been a benefit for us, because instead of generating from some of our plants at higher prices, we're buy -- having the opportunity to either buy it from the market or run our gas plants, as cash gas has been so low. So around a number of ranges and assumptions of whether we feel really good about the supply numbers.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that's -- it's really hard for us to do. We've given you in the appendix the updates to the hedge positions on fuel and on power. Due to any trust restrictions, we're not able to have access to the Riverstone side of the equation. So until we get to very close to close, we won't be able to provide updates relative to their base there.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, I did mention earlier that we didn't do a lot of hedging activity in the quarter for '15, but we did layer in positions as we saw the strength in power prices in the quarter for '16. I mentioned a 25% target there and we're meaningfully on our way to getting to that level.
William H. Spence: Sure, but you're absolutely right. We expect some of the gains that we experienced in the second quarter, there were -- in the middle of the year. But still it would be a net positive. Vince can probably provide a bit color on the exact numbers there. So...
William H. Spence: Well, there's a number of potential benefits, and I'll let Greg describe some of those. But that clearly could be one of them, but there are others as well.
William H. Spence: Sure. I would say that the 4% minimum that we articulated upon the announcement of Talen spin for the regulated businesses did not reflect anything of the magnitude of this type of project that we're talking about here. So this would certainly add to that growth trajectory, if you will. Should it be approved and ultimately started, of course. It is, further out on the horizon. Relative to where the growth will come from, I think, it's -- there's nothing, I think, magical about where's it going to come from. It's really executing the business plans we have. We've provided today, as you know, some updated guidance on the U.K., which is improved from previous guidance. And then, we'll continue to execute, I think transmission and distribution opportunities in Pennsylvania, as well as a lot of our environmental CapEx spending in Kentucky, all of which, I think is pretty transparent and visible in the CapEx plans and the rate base growths that we've articulated. So I think we have a very good plan to achieve the minimum 4%. I don't think it requires a lot of heavy lifting or Herculean assumptions for us to get there. I think it's a very achievable plan and one that we're committed to.
William H. Spence: Yes, we did. The base was on 2015, so -- I'm sorry, 2014, x Supply, so we provided the numbers there. And so it's off that base.
William H. Spence: Yes, as you can imagine, because it is so far out and there's so many moving pieces, coal retirements, how many new gas pipelines may be built to move shale gas away from the constrained areas, and so forth, that we really don't have a forecast that we could point you to suggest which way prices would move as a result of this transmission project.
William H. Spence: I would say, we're predominantly using normal, but I don't think -- it remains to be seen what August is going to be at this point. But July, I don't think is going to have a meaningful impact on the range at this point.
William H. Spence: No, you're thinking about that exactly, correctly. And that's factored into how we get to the 4%. I mean, obviously, if we look at the domestic utilities, they're growing significantly in terms of EPS over the period. And we've got that flattish growth in U.K., that dilutes that a bit. But this still keeps us, I think, squarely in the ballgame in terms of many of our peers with the 4% minimum growth target for EPS. So we do feel good about our capability to achieve that even given the U.K. mix.
William H. Spence: At the moment, we're not aware of any competing projects. This is a very unique project, that I'm very proud of the team here that came up with the concept and the forward thinking to put something of this nature in front of PJM. So we're not aware of any competing projects. And the requests that PJM have had, have been smaller projects to basically address some relatively small reliability concerns. I think there 4 or 5 of them. And this project and I response to some of those, but it goes well beyond that. Again with something that we think is very unique and compelling from a stakeholder process -- perspective.
William H. Spence: Yes, we haven't provided forward growth estimates for the U.K. that far out at this point. But as you can imagine, there is a point at which the earnings will grow again, once we get through the dip, if you will, in this period, as the old rates roll off and old incentives roll off, and then as we begin to build the rate base, we'll see earnings growth further out in the plan. So there will be a dip and then a recovery over time. But we'll provide future guidance at a future date, but for right now, that's just generally speaking kind of the trajectory.
William H. Spence: Sure. While we would continue to look at opportunities to grow PPL post-Talen spin on the regulated side and think there will be opportunities over time whether we're successful or not, obviously remains to be seen. I think we have a very solid business plan that will, I think, improve earnings, as well as our stock price over time. So I can't really comment on whether we're a target or not and if we are, I think, we have a very solid plan and the best thing we can do is execute the plan and continue to meet expectations, which we've got a very solid track record of doing, so. But certainly, we would consider M&A. We don't want to maintain our relative size at a minimum to maintain our relevancy in the sector as a large cap electric utility. So I think, generally speaking, that is probably all I can say at this point. Operator, we're approaching our time limit. And I know it's a busy day of earnings for everybody, so we'll take one more question.
William H. Spence: Sure. So when we announced the Talen transaction, I mentioned on the call, that we would continue to maintain the current dividend and look for opportunities to grow it over time with the expectation that meaningful growth could come after we get through the large CapEx spending plans that we have over the next several years. But our perspective on the dividend and it's growth will not change from where we have been to where we will be post Talen spin.
William H. Spence: I think. Probably out in that time frame is the right way to think of more meaningful growth potential, for the dividend and then in the meantime, we're going to continue to maintain and probably grow it slightly between now and then.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, Kit. Thanks for the question. Yes, the Supply, $0.06 is really -- you could think of it, half of it is just improved margins from the baseload, $0.03. And the other half is improved M&T margins, $0.02 of which is coming from the unrealized gains.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. What happened was we have net operating loss carryforwards for tax assets related to those sitting at the parent company of Energy Supply. And the earnings of Energy Supply were really supporting those assets on the books. And so when we announced the spin, it no longer -- we can no longer assert that those earnings would be able to support those deferred tax assets. And so we took the valuation allowance against those.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So on a federal basis, our estimated tax position there would be basically 0, as a result of NOLs. And bonus depreciation still carryover effects from that, so it's very little.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, so the cash flow -- that cash flow position just goes into our sources and uses of funds. And the largest use of our funds is our CapEx program and our rate base growth. And so, those -- that cash is being used to fund that growth.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So I don't want to go too far out because obviously a lot of things change in terms of year-to-year cash flows and assumptions. But putting financing going into the next couple of years, we're pretty much set for 2014, domestically. We're not expecting any additional debt issuances there. Our funding plans do include the $1 billion of proceeds coming in 2014 about 900 coming from the Montana hydro sale, and then we just received in July the $108 million treasury grant from Holtwood. Both of those proceeds are staying with Corp. [ph], so they helped to fund that CapEx plan significantly going into '15. We have about $1 billion of debt coming due next year in the domestic utilities. And 900 of that is in Kentucky, another 100 of that is in EU. The Kentucky debt is 400 up at wholesale level. We'll just pay that off. And then we have 250 at each of the opcos first mortgage bonds. We'll just refinance those with first mortgage bonds down with the utilities, and the same thing with the $100 million at Electric Utilities, we'll just refinance with first mortgage bonds. So we'll do as much financing down at the opcos, as we can. If we need to adjust the cap structures, we'll do that up at cap funding, as we have been doing. And then we'll just maintain the credit metrics that we need to keep our investment-grade credit ratings really what we expect to come out of the uptick that we expect to get coming out of the Talen spin. No concerns from a financing plan assumption going forward.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, thanks. So first off is the filings. So PJM had a window that just closed recently. So this project, Project Compass, was filed as part of that window. As far as the approvals are concerned, so this project not only is part of PJM, but also goes into the New York ISO, still need approvals from both entities. Also we'll need state approvals, as well as utility commission approvals. So for me, what increases the probability of success is just the compelling nature of this project. When you think about what's happened in the industry over the past year, the polar vortex, substation security being a big issue, coal retirements being a big issue. This project really pulls all those issues together and provides significant benefits to the consumers in the region. So I think it's the compelling nature of the benefits of this project that will help the project move forward. We are putting together an outreach plan. In fact, I've started this morning to get people that will be involved in the project, up to speed and be looking to work with others to make sure that this is a success.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, I would say so. Because of all the entities we have to work with my sense is that we have a better idea about the timeline as far as approvals probably by the end of this year. But it should be fairly quiet from your perspective.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, this is something that is not recoverable. So we'll -- if it doesn't go forward, then we'll just had to eat that.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Got it. And so, I would say when we are -- when potential generators come to us, one of the issues is they need to obviously connect to our transmission. And in some cases, that can be very, very high cost. So part of the thinking on the economics is if we sited through the region, the cost to connect for those generators would be much less. So again with potential coal retirements, we think there's economic advantage for that on a going-forward basis. And we use pretty conservative assumptions around generation retirements. But beyond that, there are reliability benefits. Again, we talked about substation security. There are benefits that, actually, we didn't really factor in the economics. But I think there'll be a significant economic benefit there, reduced congestion. So all that, when you factor all those together, it is a significant positive economic benefit to the consumers.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Yes, so as far as timing for Pennsylvania, we don't at this point, obviously, see a need for a rate case in '14, and we're looking at the possibility in '15.
Gregory N. Dudkin: That's correct. We haven't made a final determination, but if we do file, it would be a forward-looking test year.
Gregory N. Dudkin: Sure. Thanks. So certainly, when you're talking about a 725 mile line, siting is going to be a big issue. So we will work with all the stakeholders. We've had success, actually Susquehanna-Roseland is a great example. So it took us a while, but we were building through a national park. And I think it had been very successful. I think the folks there appreciate the care we took of the park, and so I think our reputation is good in that area and that's why I think we'll be successful.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Sure. In 2016, the midpoint of the range is $1.36. And as Vince mentioned, significant drivers that get us there have been lower revenues, but offset by O&M reductions as well. But it's been predominantly tax planning has helped us, currency has helped us as we're now forecasting $1.67 per pound versus $1.58 per pound, and lower pension expense has helped us as well to keep us within the high end and actually surpass the range that we provided you last July to where the ranges are today. And so it would really be changes in those assumptions that would drive us to the high or low end of the range that you see for 2016, around that $1.36 midpoint. So those are the major factors that were driving that.
Rick L. Klingensmith: In 2016, we're about 56% hedged at a rate of about $1.66. And so the unhedged portion, about half of it remains as an open position for currency in 2016.
Rick L. Klingensmith: On the remaining position of sort of a $0.05 change in currency, it's about approximately $12 million change in earnings.
Rick L. Klingensmith: That correct and that's all currency driven. So the change in assumption from that $1.58 to $1.67 is the change in the dollar value of those. There has been no change in the pound component of the RAV or the CapEx.
