William H. Spence: Yes, thanks for the question, Neel. For 2017, we are not hedged at all at the moment. And it is $1.60 in our forecast, as I think Vince commented on one of the slides, that is used for all the years in the business plan for open positions. And of course, 2017 is fully open.
William H. Spence: And that extra $100 million is really being used to fund the incremental CapEx that Vince talked about, and a lot of that's transmission in Pennsylvania as well as some increased spending in the other utility businesses.
William H. Spence: Yes. We, obviously, have quite a bit of time before we get to 2017 given our higher -- high hedge levels for '15 and '16. So not unlike what we've done, Dan, in our commodity hedging programs, we look at it as a fairly dynamic process. We set targets. In this case, we've obviously set a target of $1.60. Given the volatility we've seen in the past, we think there will be points in time where we reach that and we can take advantage of that. So that's kind of a marker that we have, obviously, as we get further into '15 and '16, we'll continue to assess our outlook for 2017. But we've got plenty of time, and we think we will have opportunity to hedge it in over that period of time.
William H. Spence: Sure. I'll ask, Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities in Pennsylvania to take that question.
William H. Spence: Well, a major move that we would anticipate, Dan, is going to be in the pound sterling versus the RPI. So we articulated what that movement is. So clearly, the RPI one would be less. I'd say, we probably don't want to get into trying to give sensitivities on every element that could move the revenue or the cost line, but what I would say, also, is that we've got some index-linked bonds that are also going to be somewhat of an offset to a move down in the RPI. So it's a little bit of a dynamic exercise to go through and figure out what might be moving the RPI and how much it could impact revenue. So I'm not trying to necessarily dodge a question, Dan, but we're really focused on the major uncertainty in the U.K., which is the GBP.
William H. Spence: So starting with the last question. First, compass is not included and correct on the Kentucky side that the evolving environmental regulations are driving our need for additional investment in the Kentucky business.
William H. Spence: Well, the 2015 would be the 2 point -- well, because -- first off, we should clarify that these are regulatory years that we typically deal in with RPI adjustments versus calendar year. So they don't change as of the first of the year. And I believe so for the last period, which will end this March, it's going to be the 2.6% number that Vince talked about. And then, we're assuming a 3%, which we won't know if that's the correct RPI or not for the '15-'16 year.
William H. Spence: Yes, I don't think for us that's much of an opportunity, given the transmission projects that we already have identified. However, what I would say is the compass project, which is not included in our CapEx program, would be a program or a project if you will that would take advantage of some of the opportunities in the Marcellus shale to basically instead of bringing the gas pipelines across, we'd be bringing electric lines across to the potentially new power stations that could be built. So that would be our opportunity, if you will, that's shale gas-related.
William H. Spence: I would say it's just a transition year, and knowing that we've got the spin and the timing of the spin and some of the dissynergies that Vince talked about, that we're working to remove. We want to make sure we get through that process, but I think your point is a good one. Going forward, it's probably going to be a bit more predictable, once we know kind of -- we get through that first full year, if you will, of the pure play electric and gas utility business.
William H. Spence: Well, I think that is a key variable in the guidance for sure. We've been reasonably successful in the past. So we think, we -- this is a very straightforward base rate case in our opinion, but we are using a forward test year in the States. So we'll see what the outcome is, but I think, we picked what we believe is a reasonable outcome for planning purposes. Obviously, I can't state what that is, but -- so time will tell whether it's conservative or not, I guess, is the answer to your real question.
William H. Spence: It's pretty minimal. There's really no impact in Kentucky and a very minimal impact in Pennsylvania.
William H. Spence: Well, I'll comment first Michael, and then, I'll turn it over to Rick. But I think our U.K. team was very aggressive from the very outset at looking for opportunities in this last regulatory period. And as we described in previous calls, in the first 6 months, I think, we took out a third of the cost and a third of the employee base to make it much more efficiencies -- efficient. So I think, we're probably in the latter innings, if you want to use that analogy, but that doesn't mean that there aren't still some opportunities for some hits here and there. So with that kind of intro, Rick, you can go ahead and comment as well.
William H. Spence: Yes, so I think the market will ultimately put an appropriate value on it, as we exit the spin transaction, if you will, and have the opportunity to spend a lot more time just focusing on the core utility businesses, including the U.K. As Vince mentioned in his remarks, we're providing some income statements for the U.K. business unaudited to give more transparency. And as we go forward, we're also looking at other ways in which we can highlight to investors the real significant value that we believe exists in the U.K. business. And some of that value has, obviously, shown itself through our fast track that Rick just mentioned. As well as the fact that we're into a -- entering into a full 8-year period upon which we have a great deal of certainty on the revenues and the cost side. So we think it's a great business. It fits well with our portfolio. To the extent that we cannot overcome, maybe, questions or concerns that investors have, we'd obviously, as you point out, want to try to engage in activities that would either highlight that value or reweight the portfolio. But at this point, I don't think there is a need or desire to do any of that. And I would also mention that because our U.S. businesses are growing much faster than the U.K. business, over time the weighting is going to come down for the U.K., just through our organic growth in the U.S. So I think over time, we'll continue to highlight the value in the business and make sure it's appropriately valued and look at any opportunity we need to, to make sure that shareowners get that value out of it.
William H. Spence: So we still do not have a formal dividend policy or dividend payout ratio that we're targeting, Brian. But as we've said, post spin, our intent is to continue to maintain the same level of dividend prior to the spin. And we'll look at opportunities where appropriate to grow it if we can. So that's kind of still the game plan going forward. Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. And have a good day.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, yes. So, Neel, we look at the forwards as well as historical data when we kind of look at our exchange rates, and there is quite a variability, as I'm sure you know, right, they range from around $1 -- out for '17 around $1.40 to all the way up to $1.75. When you look forward, clearly, I think we think there'll be opportunity for GBP strengthening, so that we could hedge at higher levels. The sensitivity [ph] as we've discussed in the past for '17, for every $0.05 movement is about $0.04. So we'll continue to execute our hedge strategy layering in hedges, as we go through the next 18 months. And with periods of spiking, we'll hedge up higher like we did back in 2014.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, Bill. So the -- we discussed last time the $100 million would, primarily, be DRIP and management comp. We'll likely be doing a [Audio gap] program, in addition to the DRIP and management comp to get to the $200 million.
Vincent Sorgi: So, Julien, the impact of bonus is included in our earnings guidance for 2015 and is also included in our 4% to 6% growth target. It wasn't that significant for either PA or Kentucky. I would say, maybe, around $0.01 in each case. So not -- nothing significant.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, we -- I provided the RPI assumptions in my remarks, Julien. It was 2.6% for '15-'16 and 3% thereafter. RPI really doesn't have a major impact in '15-'16 in the guidance that we provided in the appendix for the U.K. earnings.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Greg, I would just add that I think the effect you're really seeing is at the midyear. The rates don't go into effect until July 1. So we're not getting the full year's revenue uptick from the rate case.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I would say the next few years. As we get further out and need to borrow up that cap [ph] funding to stabilize the cap structures of the utilities, we'll start to see some interest expense creep in there. But I think for the next couple of years, $0.10 is probably a good proxy.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So with bonus, Michael, we're -- I would say, we're not a full taxpayer for the foreseeable future, certainly, through the planned period. For 2015, we don't have a minimal tax burden. I would say, it's about $20 million. And it's around $100 million for the next couple of years after that.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. It ends up, I mean, the way I kind of. Yes, I mean, we have NOLs and credits that bring that down. I kind of think of the amount of cash we're paying on our taxable income is about 25% as opposed to 35%.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. Julien, this is Paul. On a wholesale power price basis, prices in the near term have been hanging in the low 30s, which is not completely logical kind of given where snowpack is. So we've done basically a straight mark. We've offset some of that with some retail hedges that were at prices much more beneficial than what the wholesale indicates, but that's just running it on a straight mark. So with prices in the low 30s and the open position that we got, that drove that roughly $4 movement.
Paul A. Farr: We're not prepared at this point to kind of discuss the magnitude of the decline in revenues that might be possible as we're working to try to maximize everything we can under the new targets.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Paul. This is Paul. Really, nothing has changed from the standpoint of the initial indications that we gave. We kind of early on said the NRC approval because of the process that we go through there, and then, the PaPUC, again, because it's process driven. We actually did reach a settlement in December in Pennsylvania, but just because of what the ALJ has to do and then the normal commission uptake cycle, that kind of took us in both of those instances into kind of the, into late March, maybe, early April timeframe, nothing's changed from our standpoint there.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Sure. No. For the '14-'15 regulatory year, the inflation was fixed at about 2.5%. And so we are realizing that in the current period, and then, as Bill and Vince have indicated, the inflation has been set for the '15-'16 regulatory year at 2.6%. And Ofgem has actually changed their methodology from the current regulatory period into the RIIO period, where they will -- are using a forecast going forward in setting the tariffs that are reset on April 1st. And that forecast is what's published by the HM Treasury in November prior to that April period. And then, as Vince indicated in his remarks, there will be a true up after the '15-'16 period as to any under-recovery or over-recovery will get captured in the 2017-'18 regulatory year. So for '14-'15, we're fixed at 2.5%; for '15-'16, we're fixed at 2.6%, and our assumption going further out in time is 3%.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Sure. Greg, the incentives as you just mentioned are going to be reset starting April 1, in our new RIIO construct. The targets that we have are being reduced. They're being reduced about 27% for customer interruptions and about 42% for customer minutes loss. So as we go through the period starting April 1st and see our performance against those lower targets, we do expect lower revenues to be received. However, those lower revenues will not be realized until the sort of the fiscal year 2017 time period, when it's the '17-'18 regulatory period where incentive revenues will be captured at that point.
Rick L. Klingensmith: Yes. Wow, Michael, thank you for the history and the recognition of what the team has been able to do in the U.K. But Bill is right, we were probably in the latter innings. As we went into this RIIO process, we provided a business plan that had our operating costs sort of the realization of all the efficiencies into that business plan and that's what we provided Ofgem for the next 8 years. And that was actually a major factor in why we were fast-tracked and others were not, was because of the cost efficiencies that we had already realized. But what was also in the plan, was another about 1% a year efficiency. And so we are in the latter years, but we have about that 1% ongoing in efficiency that we are looking to achieve out into the future.
