David G. DeCampli: Well, sure. Dan, on the hedging strategy, our target range for 2015 is to be between 0% and 30% hedged. We're sitting between 10% and 20% right now. We've benefit -- we're on the lower end of that actually. So that's where we sit today. Bill's comments on forward prices, we're still viewing the market as being having $3 to $5 upside in it for 2015 at this point. That's what our fundamentals are dictating.
David G. DeCampli: Now, all the parameters are out now. So we are viewing that as -- so we're sticking to our assumption that it will come in lower than the previous auction. The parameters have not yielded any material changes in our opinion on that, so we're seeing that 16, 17 auction being a bit lower than the previous 1.
David G. DeCampli: I would say overall, if I look at where the coal market has been, it's been relatively soft here in the short term. I would expect, with the retirements, it's going to continue to be somewhat challenged then. And so we have not taken a lot of steps to hedge forward beyond '14. I mean, we're still pretty heavily hedged in '13 and '14. But I think we're waiting to see how things settle out on the forward coal price side. But I wouldn't expect that our forward view on coal markets would have changed that much. I haven't looked at it lately, but I think we're pretty much in the same ballpark as where we were previously.
David G. DeCampli: Well, right now, because we're well over 60% hedged in 2014, so it's a combination in '14 of where we are already hedged, as well as our kind of mark-to-market view of where the forwards are today. When you get out to '15, I think the mark-to-market is less relevant for us and we really switch over -- begin switching over in '15 to more of a fundamental view.
David G. DeCampli: Yes. Primarily, a couple of forced outages, which were minor, but the primary drivers, the transmission construction activity and economics have pushed a couple of our coal plants offline a little bit more than we expected in the first quarter. And that is the difference.
David G. DeCampli: Plus, we would expect some participation from price responsive demand, recently approved by FERC. And we -- for modeling purposes, here, we're assuming a range of somewhere between $136 and $148.
William H. Spence: Dan, I really don't think that decision has any impact on our ability to grow the dividend. I think we're still very comfortable with growing the dividend as we grow the Regulated segment earnings.
William H. Spence: It would be the individual DNOs would each have the opportunity to be Fast-Tracked. So conceivably and hopefully, we can have all 4 of the DNOs Fast-Tracked.
William H. Spence: Yes, and in the shortest term, we've seen material improvements within the quarter from a dispatch perspective on both coal-fired and our combined cycle units. So we saw strong performance at Susquehanna, about a 20% increase in capacity factors from coal and very strong performance from the gas units as well.
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, I think first off, it will be interesting to see if they clear in the capacity market auction firstly. And I think that will dictate for some of those units if they move forward or not. I think secondly, when we look at the economics of new builds, we still can't get there in terms of the numbers. So I think you have to have a pretty aggressive forward view on a significant recovery in power prices and a pretty good view on capacity prices to really clear what we think would be reasonable hurdle rates. But that's PPL's view. So we're continuing to follow that, we continue to follow the PJM rule changes that we believe are necessary to make sure that all generation is being bid in on a level playing field, and meaning no subsidies. So we're continuing to follow that very closely.
William H. Spence: I think it's really, probably a combination of both, depending on when we put those collars in place, Steve. But yes, I think generally speaking, that's the case.
William H. Spence: Yes, Paul, we're not expecting that. As every day ticks by, it's less likely. So the range, the sensitivity range I mentioned earlier, is not inclusive of that outcome.
William H. Spence: Well, it's capped for the BRA, but we think that it would actually lower the demand in the auction, which would tend to lower the clearing price. So it would have an effect on the demand.
William H. Spence: Okay. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call. We'll talk to you on the second quarter earnings call. Thanks.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Dan, this is Paul. Yes, we normally -- the board normally entertains the annual dividend adjustment early in the year. So we just went through that process in the January-type timeframe for the April 1 increase, and everybody's kind of seen that. What we have said is there are large commitments to growth from a regulated rate base perspective. And so as we look forward, as Bill indicated, I wouldn't look at the $100 million new issuance reduction as impacting what we can do from a dividend perspective. It's really the capital call on the capital that we got and our ability to massage the balance sheet. So I would still expect that we'd be able to deliver modest dividend increases as we make our way through the meatiest part of the CapEx rate base growth plan, primarily in transmission in Pennsylvania and the environmental investments in Kentucky. Those -- as you can see on our 5-year CapEx slide that's in the deck, those really start to trail off after the '13-, '14-, '15-type timeframe, and that would provide more flexibility starting in '16 and beyond as it relates to the dividends.
Paul A. Farr: Slide 9. There's -- we go from 615 million weighted average for '13 to 665 million. 2014 is unchanged, 670 million the old [ph] forecast, 670 million revised. And for 2015, the original was 680 million shares and now, it's down to 670 million shares. So really, after the -- you get the full weighted average effects from the forward that settled in Q2, there's no change in the share count going forward.
Paul A. Farr: That's correct. That's the cumulative effect of basically 300 million in lower issuances, 100 million each of '13, '14 and '15.
Paul A. Farr: So from a forward perspective, our business -- our internal 5-year business plan would use a relatively constant rate of that $1.58. We are about 90% hedged in 2013 earnings, and 60% to 70% hedged on next year's earnings, and we started to layer some hedges in the following year. That's our normal 3-year approach to things, very similar, again, to the way that we hedge the generation from the plants. So I'd expect that we continue on that. I would say that our hedges for both '13 and '14 are slightly ahead of that $1.58 number. '15 and beyond is a little bit down off of plan, but nothing material at this point.
Paul A. Farr: For 2013, we have built into our plan about $1 negative basis for our units. I get -- I think we expect that to continue until a lot of the transmission work in PJM gets done, which would really take us out to the 2015 timeframe. And then we would expect some improvement on a go-forward basis from there.
Paul A. Farr: A combination of the types of securities that we actually ultimately plan to issue to, call it, refinance the remarketing or to do the remarketing and the decline in interest rates. But the test that we have to use for accounting measurement purposes keep us in a relatively tight band of net present value of cash flows and the combination of the decline in interest rates outright across all tenors, plus the tenors we selected ended up having us breach those bands and not let us defend them, and pushed us into having to use if-converted accounting.
Paul A. Farr: That's correct. Yes, we're getting ready to start our annual business signing process for the year, and the treasury and business planning team looked at the numbers and we felt good about our ability to be able to remain strong FFO metrics and be able to accomplish the growth plan without the equity. And so as we've kind of been telling you guys for at least a couple of years, we're very not just committed to that, but incented to try to reduce that because we don't think that the share price reflects full fundamental value of the generation. So again, every time we were out needing to issue shares with that value not reflected, it was diluting the value that we think will show up for the current share base. And so we've been doing everything we can to try to whittle that issuance down. We started at 300, we moved to 100, and now, we've been able to eliminate it in full.
Paul A. Farr: No, I think it's just our ability to manage other operating cash flow line items to be able to accomplish similar objectives in FFO.
Paul A. Farr: As status quo as we are, that's really just fine-tuning our financing plan and looking to be as effective and efficient on the balance sheet as we possibly can. And so just trying to be proactive, it's not embedded anything new on the strategic front into those forward numbers.
Paul A. Farr: I think there's probably multiple drivers, but I think the ones that kind of I could tick off my head, and then Dave can comment, would be probably a lower demand for a while than we had previously expected overall; a little bit more supply coming in the stack and I think possibly, a little less retirements in that timeframe. But I think those would be the drivers. And DSM continues to be, I think, a factor as we get to the saturation point probably here in this next auction. But I think it's still a factor in this auction. So those would be the drivers.
Paul A. Farr: Michael, I don't focus as much on capitalization at corp. Clearly, from the perspective of the cap ratio that the utilities, the 65% that's wrapped [ph] in the U.K, the 51% to 52% in PA, the -- a little over 53% in Kentucky in both opcos, none of those get changed by the court decision on the share issuance or by the converts converting. When that additional cash shows up, we will, as we said in the past, defease off a bit of debt that's maturing at Supply. But a substantial amount of that will go into EU and into LKE for the 2 operating companies in Kentucky to be able to finance the growth plan. So from a corporate FFO metric change perspective, if you will, I don't see that. We got the equity credit really upfront in those. This is just now fully showing up on the GAAP balance sheet. So I -- I don't think if I'm -- sorry if I'm not answering your questioning perfectly, but we don't really think about it from a capitalization perspective at corp. We concern ourselves most with the FFO metrics at the subsidiary, and then FFO consolidated, obviously, for S&P.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, that was the -- that goes back to the comment that I made about the dividend question earlier and that Bill made about the dividend question earlier in that -- and your relative order of magnitude of the math is correct. We have really both of the sets of domestic utilities going from huge capital consumers [ph] to -- at least in the instance of Kentucky, Greg will still be consuming capital in his distribution rate base reliability plan. But we go from -- they go from relatively large consumers to either being flat or positive from a cash flow perspective. That's what creates that capability to look at the dividends more, not aggressively, but more, call it, more constructively, more -- increase it at a higher rate than we're likely going to be able to over the next several years. That's really where that cash flow starts to show up after we get through the meatiest part of the CapEx growth plan.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, I think it depends upon what we see as our investment alternatives at that point in the regulated utilities. Yes, I guess we see a capability potentially in the future to have additional maybe calls on the capital. But to the extent that it's surplus to the needs, I would expect the capability to do a combination of de-leveraging and stock buybacks to be able to support the balance sheet and the targeted credit metrics that we have today. So if we can find things to invest in that provide a greater return than returning the capital or shrinking the balance sheet a bit, we'll do that. And if not, we'll return it, either through bigger dividend increases or buybacks.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, Ray, the -- when you're looking at the charts that I think you're referring to in the cash flow chart in the back, we've got $1.150 billion that obviously shows up in the second quarter to early third quarter as new cash flow. We've got the equity forward that settled in the second quarter, which is -- it was originally $250 million. We actually net settled about $50 million of that to handle the DRIP and the management comp that actually went out in the first quarter. But that shows up as new cash flow, and then the retained earnings from the company net is where the equity sources of cash come from to finance the utilities.
Paul A. Farr: I would expect that we're doing -- we'd be doing a significant number of first mortgage bonds at LG&E and KU. We've got one planned for Greg's team as well at Electric Utilities. Again, as they ratably grow their balance sheet, they'll be financing at those 53% and 51%, 51.5% equity ratios, and the balance comes from new debt issuance. I think we have one issuance planned later in the year for Supply, like $300 million or $400 million. But that would be it other than, again, all of that cash showing up midyear from the converts converting and this equity forward settlement that happened in Q2.
Paul A. Farr: A big chunk of that will actually get absorbed by or defeased off by $1.150 billion that shows up. So the issuance is right around, I think, $300 million for later this year in Supply. It's not all that significant.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And if it were to happen today, it still wouldn't be able to impact it. Is that the way to think about it? Or are you hearing more from -- I'm just trying to get some sense on that, I'm sorry.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then in terms of -- there was a mention of price responsive demand having impact on the RPM Auction. And I was wondering, I think of that as more of an energy product if I'm looking at the same thing you are. Why does it have an impact on the RPM auction? If you could just help me out with that.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So you think that price responsive demand will lower the demand from -- in terms of the RR curve or how should we think of that? Maybe I'll follow up after, offline.
