Jim Miller: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Joe and thanks to all of you for joining us for the second time in a week to hear some more pertinent information about our quarter and other items. We’ll start today’s call of course with our general session and commentary on first quarter and then we’ll get right into questions. And with me today Paul Farr, our Chief Financial Officer, and Bill Spence, our Chief Operating Officer. This morning, we reported GAAP earnings of $0.66 a share with $0.64 per share in the first quarter of 2009. Earnings from ongoing operations for the first quarter were up substantially from a year ago, $0.94 per share this year versus $0.60 per share in 2009. As we fully expected, we did achieve dramatically higher earnings from our supply segment in 2010 following the expiration of a decade-long contract with our electric delivery company in Pennsylvania. Supply segment earnings from ongoing operations were nearly triple what they were in the first quarter of last year. 2010 supply segment earnings are benefiting from the fact that we locked in wholesale energy crisis that are much higher than the current market crisis. The substantial gains we saw on our supply segment for the quarter were somewhat offset by lower earnings in both our delivery businesses in Pennsylvania and the United Kingdom. This morning, we also reaffirmed our 2010 forecast of $3.10 to $3.50 per share in earnings from ongoing operations. And our forecast for GAAP earnings for the year reflected special items that were recorded in the first quarter now stand at $2.82 to $3.22 per share. Although, challenges still persist in our sector, including low energy prices, lower electricity demand and some lingering economic uncertainty, we are well positioned, because we’ve hedged virtually 100% of our expected generation out for the year. And Paul will outline the other major drivers of our 2010 earnings forecast in just a moment. We continue to expect the performance of our supply business for the year will overcome lower returns from our delivery businesses, which have been pressured by somewhat higher O&M costs. Just a couple of brief comments on the announcements last week regarding our plans to acquire E.ON US. As I said at the time, the transformational transaction for PPL, the one that creates a stronger, more diversified enterprise that retains the considerable upsides from our high quality supply business from the inevitable improvements in wholesale power prices. So our plan to close this transaction by the end of the year and we’ll keep you informed regarding our progress on that effort. One more item to highlight before turning the call over to Paul and Bill. In late March, we did file a request with the Pennsylvania PUC for a 2.4% increase in revenues at PPL Electric Utilities, which would be effective January 1, 2011. So the PUC review process is underway and we expect a decision on a request late this year. Meanwhile, the transition to a competitive electricity market in the PPL Electric Utilities service area has been very successful. More than 410,000 customers have selected an alternative energy supplier and at this point nearly half of the electricity being used by PPL Electric Utilities customers is being provided by alternatives suppliers. With that I’ll turn the call over to Paul for more details.
Jim Miller: Well Jonathan, it's pretty difficult to comment. I think we are aware of that and what we have, obviously attempted to do, we have been intimately involved in our due diligence of looking at the proposed or filed rate case and looked at the details of that and we feel, it’s a fare very justifiable rate case request in the sense of the history of the storms they have had there and obviously some other needed recovery. So I think we again feel that it is a logical and fair request that's been submitted and we anxiously await to working with the commission to see it through.
Jim Miller: No, I wouldn’t say there is any new thoughts at this point. I think we try to be as transparent as we could with everybody that we talk to and we are obviously going to continue to be out there talking to all those that would like to discuss the details, but I think as we’ve mentioned we have a solid financing plan. I think there is different ways obviously and we’ve discussed and considered various ways to handle this financing, but I think at this point in time I don’t have anything necessarily new or different to talk about on the financing plan.
Jim Miller: Yeah I think it probably is the latter, rather than former and yes, we do obviously forward purchase and lock in as much as we can on a fixed price basis still keeping in mind the collars. Some of it also reflects the roll forward of coal depending on units dispatching our models and obviously we are going to use the cheaper fixed price coal first. So some of it is modeling issue or coal inventories that we are high on inventories and they roll from 2010 to 2011 for example that could bump up 2011's fixed price because we dint use all the fixed price coal in 2010.
Jim Miller: Well I think they were probably not too far off from where some of our collared price range would be there. We don’t have all the intimate details of the contracts because we are just the partial owner clearly and we are not the operator. so I know that they have got a fairly balanced mix between spot and contract coal. Spot coal has been moving up, the supply demand fundamentals continue to be fairly strong on the coal supply side with $62 a ton or so on the balance of cal 2010 plus transportation of course. so we’re well below that on our hedges and I would expect they are probably slightly higher than our hedge levels.
Jim Miller: That would be a good historical kind of range, but I think with oil right now $84 plus or minus dollars, you are looking at probably around a $20 per ton for Northern Appalachian coal for deliveries in 2011 and 2012
Jim Miller: Yeah, it depends on your assumption on diesel surcharges on the rails and whatever tariff increase you want to assume for transportation next year from the rail companies.
Jim Miller: No, typically I was just talking about the hedge levels and the prices of the hedges that exist when we look at bidding in our units, typically we bid them in at replacement costs. So, whether that's gas or oil or coal it’s typically replacement costs.
Jim Miller: Yeah, it was a very small amount and I think we are still fairly lightly hedged for 2013. So, not a significant change in 2013.
Jim Miller: We are expecting probably in the $125 to $150 per megawatt day range. We saw some power trade for that period 13, 14 in about the $140, a little over a $140 megawatt day range. So, we think it’s going to be right in that kind of zip code.
Jim Miller: No, closing comments. I think thanks everyone for being on the call. As I mentioned we continue our travels to try to touch base with as many folks as we possibly can to provide any clarification or details that need discussing. So, look forward to seeing many of you in the next two weeks. And with that operator thank you and thank you all for joining the call.
Paul Farr: Thanks Jim, and good morning everyone. I definitely missed being here last week for the major announcements, but my wife and I had a personal acquisition to complete in China which was successful. I very much look forward to discuss in the Kentucky transaction with you as we work through the approval process and the implementation of the ultimate financing plan for that acquisition. Let's move to slide five. Earnings from our supply business increased significantly in the first quarter as the polar contract between PPL Electric Utilities and PPL EnergyPlus expired at the end of last year. The supply business is clearly benefiting from the hedges we entered into at prices that are higher than current market prices. Partially offsetting the supply segment performance were lower earnings in both our Pennsylvania and International Delivery segments. I’ll summarize the key segment earnings drivers for the first quarter and then provide an update on our 2010 forecast. Let's start with the supply segment performance on slide six. The supply segment earned $0.64 per share in the first quarter, a $0.42 increase over a year ago. The single biggest driver of the first quarter earnings was the significantly higher realized prices for our eastern baseload generation compared to the price we received under the full requirements contracts with PPL Electric Utilities that expired again at the end of the last year. First quarter energy margins also benefited from higher baseload generation and partially offsetting these margin drivers were lower net margins from load-following agreements due to lower than expected customer demand, higher O&M expense at our Susquehanna nuclear plant due to the timing of this year’s refueling outage, higher depreciation due to the Brunner Island scrubbers that were placed into service and the absence of a gain recorded in 2009 on the repurchase of a portion of PPL Energy Supply's outstanding debt. Moving to slide seven, our Pennsylvania Delivery segment earned $0.10 per share in the first quarter, a $0.04 declined compared to last year. This decrease was the result of lower delivery margins primarily due to milder weather, modest economic growth and customers' apparent response to the increased cost of energy as well as higher O&M expenses due to increased staffing and expanded vegetation management activity. Turning to slide eight, our International Delivery segment earned $0.27 per share in the first quarter, a $0.04 decline compared to last year. The decrease was the result of higher O&M primarily driven by higher pension expense, higher interest expense on index-linked bonds as a result of higher UK inflation and higher UK income taxes. This was partially offset by higher delivery revenue driven by higher prices and a more favorable exchange rate. Turning to slide nine, as previously mentioned we are reaffirming our 2010 earnings forecast of $3.10 to $3.50 per share. We continue to expect strong earnings growth driven by significantly higher energy margins primarily based on hedge power and fuel prices as well as established capacity prices for our PJM baseload generation. These higher energy margins are expected to be partially offset by higher O&M in the supply segment primarily driven by higher labor costs and increased work at our Susquehanna nuclear station, increased operating expenses at PPL EnergyPlus and higher support group costs. Higher depreciation as well as lower earnings at WPE, which are primarily driven by higher financing costs, higher income taxes and higher pension expense. Partially offsetting these are higher delivery margins and more favorable currency exchange rates. Finally we expect higher O&M in the Pennsylvania Delivery segment due to increase funding for customer programs, increased vegetation management costs and higher bad debt expense. Factoring in all these drivers, we expect approximately 74% of our 2010 earnings will come from our supply segment, 17% from International and 9% from Pennsylvania Delivery. On slide 10, we’ve updated our 2010 free cash flow before dividend numbers from the year end call to reflect a higher level of third party collateral in our supply segment, the construction delay of the Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line, which Bill will discuss in more detail in a moment. And increase funding at our EPD pension plan. With that I’d like to turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations.
Paul Farr: Well Jonathan this is Paul. It is clearly large percentage of that rate request comes Trimble County 2 coming online, an already improved baseload generation facility as well as the storm cost recovery that Jim mentioned. With the future test year that was selected, if the decision was not consistent with the economic assumption that are in our base model, we would post acquisition operate the utility accordingly just like we would any other rate jurisdictional assets that we own and operate. So I clearly wouldn’t want to comment on what any assumption we made around ROEs were. The merits of the case are what they are and they are sitting in front of the commission right now. the commission has shown willingness and the capability clear to act in prior situation, so I think we just as Jim said, follow this through. We don’t own and operate the company today. so what we are at least a bit on the sideline as it relates to the pursuit of the outcome by both those utilities and at the end of day it really doesn’t matter who the owner is, the commission, we would hope, would act in understanding that all those costs are reflected to continue reliable service to customers.
Paul Farr: That was the number in the plan for 2010. we were down $0.02 on load following quarter-over-quarter.
Paul Farr: Negative quarter-over-quarter, but at this point in time, we are as it relates to that number materially for the year of our business planning assumption.
Paul Farr: Yes we still are finalizing the permitted plan. That clearly is an option. As we said last week and we’ve been out talking to folks. I would clearly expect that if the equity slug that would come out first would be the high equity content security. As it relates to kind of either dribbling or going in trenches, we recognize that there is a bit of an apprehension of folks to kind of get in front of a larger equity offering. We don’t otherwise need the equity. So what I would say is that as Jim mentioned earlier, there's not been a change to the plan and I would expect that common equity would come out much closer to the close of the transaction. We may elect to do something in advance. We are still very much working on assessing the non-core asset portfolio and trying to drive as much as we can that towards some of the cash considerations. So nothing definitive yet in terms of the specifics on forward sales or derivatives to try to lock price.
Paul Farr: There is not that specific clause. The out that we would have is if there is something that would be so large, that would be a material adverse effect to the company which has a litigated if you well range, not a specific dollar amount from historical transaction, so there is not a specific dollar amounts in the contract and that's what the contract says.
