Bill Spence: Thank you, Joe. In closing, our third quarter results exemplify our continued commitment to delivering outstanding operational performance. We remain solidly on track to deliver on our 2019 earnings guidance. As we continue to invest in a sustainable energy future, as we strengthen grid resilience. And reshape electricity networks, to enable a low-carbon future. I'm very proud of the direction we're headed, as we look to close out 2019, with continued strong performance. With that, operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
Bill Spence: I appreciate the question. But as I'm sure you can understand, we don't comment on market rumours or speculation. And that's consistent with our long-standing policy. As for the overall strategy, we've discussed our thoughts extensively on past calls, and nothing has changed from that perspective. And as we said, the company continues to operate exceptionally well. And we believe the current business mix and plan will generate long-term shareowner value.
Bill Spence: Sure. Well, the capital plan that you have in front of you today reflects only identified projects. And there are certainly opportunities that could arise as we execute the plan, particularly at the back-end of the plan as you know. Those potential opportunities within that five-year time horizon could come from a couple of sources. One would be further grid resiliency efforts in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky; future AMI deployment in Kentucky which we've talked about in the past; potential renewables expansion I would just say in general across the board; perhaps other generation modifications in Kentucky that could be required by any new environmental regulations. I think as you probably know our capital plans in the U.K. are essentially set until the end of RIIO-ED1. And we do expect beyond that timeframe beyond RIIO-ED1 that there could be very significant capital investment opportunities to meet the required electrification initiatives to allow the U.K. to achieve its recent commitment of a net zero emissions by 2050. So, that's -- those are the areas that I would probably highlight at the moment.
Bill Spence: Well, I would say that they would certainly be in probably $100 million versus the tens of millions of dollars. So, I think particularly as it relates to the U.K. we're looking at something that could be several hundred million dollars incremental per year depending on how aggressively Ofgem would like to go for the carbon reductions that the country has already established as a target.
Bill Spence: Well, I think that risk well we have always said we believed it to be extremely low has gone even lower. The Labor Party has really dropped in the polls. Their manifesto could only be really achieved if they win at outright majority in the election. That is very unlikely. Their best shot would be to form a coalition government and very likely the coalition partner that they align with would not be probably likely to want to sign on to a renationalization manifesto. So, we believe that things from our perspective are moving in the right direction that that risk continues to go even lower from a pretty low starting point to begin with.
Bill Spence: Well as I said, I'm not going to speculate on the strategic front. We have mentioned in the past that we continuously look for opportunities whether they're tax-related or not to take strategic action that could certainly improve the shareowner value as we've done over the past decade. So from that perspective nothing has really changed.
Bill Spence: Well I would say that we have not tested the market on an outright sale of our U.K. businesses at this time. And I think to your point, this may not be the best of times given we're very close to seeing the outcome of Brexit. And I think it's clear from our perspective relative to Brexit that either way the general election turns out, we think the pound is going to strengthen once the uncertainties of Brexit are removed. And it will be clear I think. If you believe the polls and if they ultimately prove correct the Conservatives will win an outright majority and it's very unlikely the Labor Part you could achieve a majority. And as you also probably know that one of the overhangs on all the utility businesses in the U.K. has been on the threat of renationalization, which as I indicated earlier is dropping pretty significantly in our view.
Bill Spence: I would just add Greg that I think that what we're seeing based on some modeling, we're doing and other things is that, it may not be that we actually shut down some of these larger coal stations, but we supplement them with renewable energy such that the output -- coal-based output may drop, but it could be that for the customer as Paul mentioned, could be still economic to kind of pair that base load generation with some of this variable generation. And that could be I think a win-win for the customers.
Bill Spence: Yeah. Good question. Very good question. I'll ask Greg Dudkin, who heads up our PPL Electric Utilities to make some comments.
Bill Spence: Sure, Gregg. Generally speaking, we're right on track with the plan in terms of executing the capital and the O&M that was approved in our fast-track application in the very beginning of the process or the rate period. At the operating company level, so at the four distribution network operations companies, we've been in this roughly 9% to 10% return on regulatory assets in that range. I don't know Phil, if you want to comment more specifically, but we've been kind of low -- just below about 10%.
Bill Spence: And that roughly mid-9% is on a real basis. As you recall in the U.K., we start with the nominal and then we book to the real based on incentives and inflation et cetera.
Bill Spence: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thanks for all that participated today and I look forward to seeing many of you next week at the financial conference.
Joe Bergstein: Sure. There's been no real significant change to our hedging strategy. We are being patient and we continue to monitor Brexit situation and potential impacts from the pending U.K. elections and the January Brexit deadline with the prospects of a no-deal Brexit greatly reduced. Current probability sit at 90% for a deal or no Brexit at all. Both of those would be positive to the pound. So, current forecasts point to upside relative to the current FX rate into the $1.35 $1.40 area. So, we'll again continue to wait and see how these events play out over the next several months and opportunistically layer on hedges if the opportunity presents itself.
Joe Bergstein: Yes, we're using -- Praful its Joe. We're using the forecast that we had for FX rates at the time we gave that guidance which was $1.35 to $1.60.
Joe Bergstein: Hi, Anthony. I think it -- again, to my earlier points, we want to monitor the events as they occur in the U.K. over the next several months with respect to the general election in mid-December and the end of January Brexit time line. So, I think I don't have a date specific, but we'll monitor those events. Again, we would think based on information we have today relative to those events, the pound would move higher. So, we'll wait to see what happens then and see how the pound materializes over that time and book hedges sometime in 2020 or 2021.
Joe Bergstein: So we've had conversations with rating agencies and I think they've made comments with regard to this. But in our conversations with them, they don't view the U.K. differently at this point with respect to electric distribution. RIIO-ED1 goes through the end of March 2023. So, we have quite a bit of time and certainly in cash flows to do that. And I think they'll continue to monitor the U.K. and development through the rest of ED1 and how that may impact RIIO-ED2 before they make any decisions. But I think they continue to view the U.K. positively.
Greg Dudkin: Yeah. So, just very quickly about the technology, what we're using is, we're using information that comes back of a power line that hits the ground or taking information from our relays to determine, a, we may have a power line down on the ground and we can automatically de-energize it. So as you said, the first application is to protect the public and its application. I think it could be used in areas of -- at risk of wildfires. So that could be a potential application in the future as well.
Greg Dudkin: So we've applied for a patent on it, but we don't expect to get rich on it. But -- and we'd be more than happy to talk to other utilities that use.
Greg Dudkin: So we are now taking a look at that as well. This application is more around where you have live conductors that are on the ground. But we are taking a look at -- because actually they -- I'll call it the signature is similar to be able to identify when a tree hits a line as well.
