Bill Spence: Thank you, Joe. Before we open up the call for Q&A, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on what has truly been a remarkable decade for PPL. Over the past 10 years, we've doubled our market cap. We've unfailingly exceeded the midpoint of our earnings forecast, we've grown our dividend 18%. we've won 21 JD Power awards for customer satisfaction in the U.S., we've consistently ranked highest for customer satisfaction among the network operators in the U.K, we've invested $27 billion to make our network smarter, to improve reliability and to advance a cleaner energy future, we've cut average customer interruptions by over a third in the U.K. and by more than 20% in the U.S. since 2010. All the while we've kept electricity costs reasonable for our customers and remain deeply engaged with the communities we serve. And last but not least, we have dramatically transformed PPL. A decade ago we were primarily a Pennsylvania hybrid utility facing stiff headwinds in competitive markets. Today, we are one of the nation's largest investor owned utility company with 100% of its earnings driven by stable, high-performing regulated businesses. In short, we are stronger today than we were a decade ago. We're better positioned to invest in the future and as we celebrate our Centennial, we are poised to power progress for another hundred years. When our Directors first met a century ago, they did so at a pivotal time. The country was beginning to move from a patchwork quilt of isolated lighting companies to a coordinated network of regional utilities, power plants and transmission lines. Or in that moment, PPL would help drive that change, extending electricity service throughout the regions we serve, expanding to meet the needs and demands a rapid industrial growth and just helping to improve quality of life for generations of customers. Today, we again find ourselves at a pivotal moment for our industry, which is investing in new technologies to reshape not only how we deliver power, but how we produce it as well. In this moment, we remain as committed as ever to powering progress, to fostering innovation, to creating long-term shareowner value, and to making a positive impact on society. In closing, I'm proud of our past achievements. I'm equally excited about our future and I'm convinced that PPLs best days are ahead. With that operator. Let's open the call for questions please.
Bill Spence: Sure. Well, first I'd say we are comfortable with the current business mix and believe it will deliver long-term value for our shareowners and that there are many opportunities as Vince described in his remarks. As I have said in the past, the unprecedented U.K. volatility that we've been experiencing over the past few years, I would have preferred to be less weighted towards the U.K. But quite frankly, we probably share a similar view for any jurisdiction where we've got a significant weighting such as in the U.K. I do think for those things that were within our control we've got a great track record of operational excellence and financial investments that that I think are going to pay dividends for the future. And I think the opportunities we outlined today will continue to enable us to be successful for very long time.
Bill Spence: Well, obviously, I'm not going to speculate on potential M&A, but when I look at the overall strategy for the things that we can control, it's actually worked really well. I think in terms of meeting all of the things that we do control, we obviously can't control the politics in the U.K. or the exchange rate. I think that as we look forward, particularly as we get through 2020, it's very likely that we'll know a lot more about where Brexit ultimately lands and what the currency landscape looks like for sure. Having said that, we're always looking at strategic or improvements to the base case that we can make that would create shareowner value. So we'll continue to do that as a Board and as a management team wherever and always if there are opportunities I think to create some additional shareowner value. But we are always on the lookout for how do we improve the base case and the plan that we have and I will continue to do that.
Bill Spence: Yes, Greg. I would say overall, with the guidance we just gave here today from '20 to '21, at least looking at the midpoints, looks flat. As we indicated, depending on the FX rates, in particular, that could move up and show some growth. I think the underlying businesses, kind of to your point, continue to grow. The rate base is continuing to grow. And I think we are going to be set up well going into both decarbonization opportunities in the U.K. as well as domestically. So I think that, depending on your outlook for the FX, will dictate whether there's growth from 2020 to 2021.
Bill Spence: Well, I think, again, I think it really depends on what the forecast that you want to use for foreign currency rates. Because I think we're -- in my view, kind of toward the low end. If you look at what FX rates have done really since the election, there was a temporary bound, but really stayed around $1.30. It's pretty much been range bound for the last couple of months. And you look at the forward forecast and a lot of them, as Joe indicated, are $1.35 and better, particularly much better when we get to 2022. So I would expect just on the strength of the FX that by the time we get to 2022 we'll see some earnings growth. Joe, I don't know if you want to add.
Bill Spence: Well, probably -- I shouldn't say probably. I will not speculate on M&A. But in terms of your underlying thesis around the decarbonization opportunity, I agree with that, and I believe that particularly in the U.K., it's one of the reasons why we continue to have a positive outlook on the U.K. We've weathered probably the strongest of the storms so far, particularly with renationalization threats which are now obviously not a threat at all, given the strong election outcome in the U.K. So that risk is now behind us and we still have the risk of Brexit that's keeping the markets a little bit jittery. But beyond that, I think things will stabilize. We'll have a much better view of not only RIIO-ED2, but also where the FX starts to land. And I think for the going forward setup for the business was I think we're in very good shape.
Bill Spence: Well, again, I'm not going to speculate around M&A. However, as we've indicated in the past, an outright sale either in full or partially of the U.K. business does create multiple challenges, all of which destroy shareowner value. And if you look at the valuation of the company today, I think it's even more challenging today than it probably was when our stock was in the upper $28 to $30 range, so in the upper 20s. So, I think with where we are today, that strategic decision continues to be a big challenge for us. In terms of where the renationalization risk being removed, clearly you've seen the values of the U.K. utilities move up significantly after the election, and we still have what we believe is one of the strongest, if not the strongest, distributor network operator in the U.K. So we believe, on its own, its value has increased. But again, for us to de-weight and sell the business, that would be destructive to shareowners.
Bill Spence: So looking at that Slide 25, you can see there that the rate base growth in the U.K. is about 5.5%. It's not materially different, I don't believe, from where it was previously. I think it might have been as high as 6%. I think the biggest decrease is really in the Kentucky operation, where we're only projecting a 1.5% growth much about or much because of the reasons that Vince articulated in his opening remarks. And in the PA transmission, that's really been probably the larger decrease when you look at the overall mix because for a period of time we were growing double-digit there. And then on the distribution side, I think it's been fairly consistent in the 4% to 6%. So I think the two big changes are lower in Kentucky and lower on the Pennsylvania transmission side.
Bill Spence: Yes. It's probably obvious, but anything that we would shift from the current ED1 to ED2 to accommodate any electrification initiatives would wind up showing up in ED2 because presumably it's all work that is necessary to be done, not necessarily for electrification put for reliability and customer service reasons.
Bill Spence: Sorry, just to add to that. To the extent that we wanted to put options on for the bulk of 2021, that can be pretty expensive. So we probably wouldn't look to do that unless there were some shifts in our thoughts around the currency. But for now, I think we'll look opportunistically to hedge in at $1.30 and above wherever we can. And we'll start to ramp up a lot of our hedging by probably mid-year.
Bill Spence: Okay. Thank you, Rocco. And thanks everyone for joining us today. We'll visit with you again on the first quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Joe Bergstein: Yes. We saw a sharp decline in corporate bond rates in the U.K. that lowered the discount rates resulting in the increased U.K. pension obligations under U.S. GAAP. The discount rates declined by more than a 100 basis points. It went from about 3% to less than 2% and that's really what's causing the difference from our prior forecast. Again, to Bill’s point operationally, everything else remains unchanged.
Joe Bergstein: So I guess the first part of your question, [Shawn] [ph] on our forecast range relative to four market spot rates and market forecast. We are lower than those for the reasons I said in my prepared remarks. We expect volatility in the exchange rate during 2020 as the UK continues through the transition period. And we'll hedging 2021 during that time period. Thank for tests are in a range of $1.35 to $1.45 for 2021. So there's certainly some potential upside to our forecast and as we've looked at 2022 as bank forecasts are actually in the mid 140s range. So that sensitivity of a penny of FX to a penny of earnings, that's, that's $0.15 of upside. If the bank forecasts are accurate in 2022 relative to where we sit today. Got it.
Joe Bergstein: I guess if we just look at the underlying business, absent FX, sort of all else equal, given we are talking about 2022 we would see growth in the businesses. And really the reason we're flat from 2020 to 2021 based on the midpoints is because of our strong hedge position for 2020 relative to the hedge position we have in 2021. So that's really what's showing a flat year-over-year earnings is because we actually have a decline in the FX rate that's hedged and assumed in 2020 compared to what we've used in the forecast for 2021. So I think there is, on the underlying businesses, we see growth. And then we'll have to see what FX does. But certainly as we move through 2020, you expect some clarity on the transition; get back into what we would expect and hope to be more normal times around the FX rate that could add additional growth on top of that.
Joe Bergstein: Hi, Praful. I think that it's a very hypothetical question and it would be dependent on the other party and a lot of aspects of that, and so it's really hard to give an answer in that. I would say we -- to the earlier point, we look at all sorts of ways to create shareowner value. And obviously tax implications and what that would do to shareowner value is something that we focus closely on. But I think it'd be very difficult to say in a hypothetical situation and depending on who the other party may be.
Joe Bergstein: The options, Anthony are for 2020 not in 2021. So I think given where the options are priced and where the spot rate is, we'll prefer to see what happens within those option rates because we're protected on the downside. Clearly, you could see some appreciation on the upside, but they are in 2020, not 2021.
Joe Bergstein: We had projected about $0.05 change from 2020 to 2021, and our assumptions haven't changed materially around that at this point.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. The other thing I would note is that, just changing that FX assumption from $1.40, our previous assumption down to $1.30 as indicated on our Slide 12, cut about 300 million from the forecast. So depending on when we get out, particularly to 2022 and beyond to the extent the FX rate goes back up that'll come back into the forecast. And we do think that there's a skew to the upside when it comes to the FX rate given where we see Brexit today and U.K. political front. So, we're expecting some of that may come back in. But that was 300 million alone.
Vince Sorgi: And Shar, to your question about kind U.K. EV spend and how we're thinking about that when we would update, so the 200 million a year that we've included, so basically an incremental billion that we're expecting over really to -- that's based on our initial estimates going into electrification initiatives that would be required to funded by the DNOs. When you look at the process going forward for RIIO 2, right, the sector methodology consultation will be coming out Q2, Q3 of this year. This is on Slide 28, by the way, in the deck, the methodology decision wouldn't be coming out until Q4 and then the companies will be submitting our submissions in Q2 of 2021. So to be honest with you, we're going through the process right now on planning for those submissions the business plan of submissions while were consulting with Ofgem on the methodology. And so I think we just need to get through that process a little more, Shar, before we would I think update the view of EV or electrification spending going into ED2. But to your point, I think there's certainly could be an opportunity there for incremental capital, especially coming out of what Jonathan Brealey published really on his first day on the job with his de-carbonization plan. So, we think that all fits very nicely into what we've been talking about. But I think we need to get through the process a little more before we would go beyond our initial estimate.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So, the bulk of the incremental electrification CapEx we've included in the ED2 initial estimate. So we have about $1 billion over five years, call it $200 million a year in that five year period. And again, that's based on our initial assumptions. The team is working through our business plan submission, and that will be filed mid-2021 as part of the RIIO2 process. I would say depending how aggressive the government initiatives and Ofgem's policies become on the tail end of ED1, we could see deploying some capital in our current rate -- our current business plan time frame on electrification initiatives. We think we have enough leeway within the existing plan that we would be able to divert some spending towards that. Therefore, it wouldn't be a drag on the returns because, as you know, the revenues are kind of set for the ED1 period. So we would have to basically shift capital away from other things to EVs. We have innovation capital. Other things that I would say are placeholders that we could redeploy there. So I think we have enough flexibility in the back end of ED1 and you'll see a significant up tick in E2, which could once we get the business plans done, could be higher than what we're currently projecting at that $1 billion over the five years.
