Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move the Slide 8 to review our third quarter financial results. PPL's third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were lower than last year, primarily driven by lower earnings at the supply segment as a result of lower energy margins, higher O&M and higher depreciation, which were partially offset by higher earnings in the U.K., primarily driven by higher delivery revenue. We've outlined on Slide 9 the Kentucky regulated segment earnings drivers. Our Kentucky regulated segment earned $0.12 per share in the third quarter, a $0.01 decrease compared to last year. This decrease was primarily driven by lower retail margins as a result of lower residential consumption, partially offset by higher industrial load compared to a year ago. Moving now to Slide 10. Our U.K. regulated segment earned $0.28 per share in the third quarter, a $0.06 increase over last year. This increase was due to higher earnings at WPD Midlands and higher delivery revenue at WPD South West and South Wales, primarily driven by higher prices. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher pension expense at the 2 legacy companies and less favorable currency exchange rates. Turning to our Pennsylvania regulated segment on Slide 11. This segment earned $0.06 per share in the quarter, a $0.01 increase compared to last year. This increase was primarily due to higher transmission and distribution margins and lower financing costs, partially offset by higher O&M. Moving to Slide 12. Our supply segment earned $0.26 per share in the third quarter, a decrease of $0.10 compared to last year. This decrease was driven by lower Eastern energy margins, primarily due to lower hedged energy prices; lower Western energy margins, primarily due to lower volumes; higher O&M; higher depreciation; and higher financing costs. Turning to Slide 13. We have updated our CapEx plan to reflect the changes for the lower projected ECR capital spending in Kentucky. As Bill discussed, this represents a $500 million reduction for 2012 to 2016 from our original plan. We are still finalizing our business planning process, but have identified an additional $200 million to $300 million of supply CapEx that can be eliminated over the next several years that is not currently reflected in this chart. These capital reductions will provide additional financial flexibility while we continue to manage through a low commodity price environment. Turning to Slide 14. We have updated our rate base growth projections with the only change being the reduced ECR spending in Kentucky. We now project to more than $7.5 billion in increase in rate base from 2012 to 2016 resulting in a 7.5% compound annual growth rate. We realized the reduced capital spending in Kentucky has an impact on future EPS, but this is significantly offset by the elimination of the equity needed to fund those investments. Obviously, the almost $700 million to $800 million in reduced CapEx in supply and Kentucky is a major driver to eliminating equity needs beyond our DRIP issuance. We also expect to repatriate an additional $30 million to $50 million per year above our previous expectations from the U.K. driven by our forecast of strong annual revenue bonuses and performance ahead of plan on cost synergies. We continue to evaluate our level of O&M spending and have made progress on that front. But Fukushima-related costs and the need for additional outages at Susquehanna over the next few years to implement the permanent fix for the blade cracking issue are expected to absorb that benefit in the near term. Beyond this time frame, we do see opportunity to reduce supply O&M. Given the significant attention dividends have received during this earnings season, let me end with our commitment to the dividend, which we view as an extremely important piece of our total shareowner return. The current dividend level represents a 61% payout ratio based on the midpoint of our revised 2012 earnings forecast and is much more than covered by our rate-regulated earnings. As we have been indicating, we expect modest increases to the dividend through the low parts of the commodity cycle and as we deploy significant capital on our rate-regulated utility businesses. This intention is reflected in the dividend increase that we announced earlier this year. Our dividend is secure and we clearly see added flexibility for future growth as we execute on our rate-regulated growth strategy. With that by way of review, I'd like to turn the call back over to Bill for the Q&A period.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. As I think about the hedges that we've layered in and I think about the balance of the business plan, which again is getting close to final, we continue to believe that we can keep the supply earnings at that neutral to positive for the tougher years of the cycle that you're referencing.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. On a consolidated basis on the ETR for '12 and '13, we are around 28% to 30% for '12 and '13 and that goes blending [ph] across all of -- actually, a little lower than that, closer to 25% for '12, 28% to 30% for 2013. And let me pull the share amounts for it. 2012 weighted average around 586 million. We'll get back to you on the '13 number.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. I would say that as we look at the -- responding to the lower commodity environment, that those are actions that make economic sense to take. We would try to take those in the final business plan that our board will approve later this year. So I don't think [indiscernible] the margin.
Paul A. Farr: Correct. We typically only update the chart in full of CapEx on an annual basis, and then provide you -- throughout the years as we make changes, we provide you the deltas. We'll reassess whether or not we actually go ahead and update that going forward just so you have it all in one spot.
Paul A. Farr: No, that was a very small piece. It was $30 million to $40 million of the total spending to optimize around gas. But it was heavily driven by the mercury rules, so not driven by that at all.
Paul A. Farr: No. I would say that, that's a straight increment in terms of additional cash flow that we've got in the U.S. that we're then able to deploy to the regulated utilities, primarily here that have the equity needs as they're growing rate base so strongly. So yes, we don't have a forecast out for '13. So I don't want to talk about things on a net basis per se that, that's not being absorbed and is incremental to the cash we have to invest in the domestic rate-regulated.
Paul A. Farr: The other thing I'd chime in with is -- the other thing that's a driver that's a bit going against us is Pennsylvania, we're dealing with still with Act 129, and that's corrupting the kilowatt hour sales growth that would more organically be there. We talked about strength of industrial in Kentucky, but we've seen some soft residential. So a lot of our ability to stay out for longer periods will be dictated by how strongly the economy recovers and getting back to more normal load growth profiles as well.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. It really doesn't change the view there, per se. It lightens up -- in '13 and '14, the equity needs a little bit in Kentucky, but we have around 700 -- north of a $700 million refinancing that was otherwise due at supply next year. So we'll downstream cash for that. We will equitize appropriately Kentucky and PPL Electric Utilities to help finance those rate base growth plans. So I wouldn't say really anything has changed with respect to that. To the -- sorry to hijack the question. But the individual that asked about the 2013, the weighted average share count of 614 million shares for that year. But Ray, I wouldn't expect that we'd be changing the plan materially. And again, those cuts are coming across a 4- to 5-year window so in any given year, they're not all that significant.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. If you read the S&P report, it's reduced levels of contracting as we go out over the next couple of years. So very heavily hedged this year and next year, less hedged in '14 and '15. And those are the years like we see with respect to the entire supply business, where we do see some pressure on it. And given the project finance nature of that sale-leaseback, they've put a negative outlook on the BBB-.
William H. Spence: Sure. I don't think we would change our refueling outages at this point or the timing of them. Related to cost for Fukushima, we're still in the process of determining that. But as we've mentioned on previous calls, we think the capital costs will be very manageable and the real question or open question at the moment is whether the industry would be required to install filtered nets on the units, and that would be a little bit more costly. But again, I don't think in the overall context of PPL that those costs of capital would be unmanageable. As for your first part of your question on the costs to replace the blades and the ultimate fix, on the replacement side, the costs for the O&M associated with the outage, as well as the replacement costs, those have been already factored into the numbers that we have provided today, that $25 million to $35 million after-tax. In terms of the fix, we're still determining exactly what those costs would be. But again, I don't think that they're going to be unmanageable for us.
William H. Spence: Sure. Yes, I think we'll know more obviously by the end of the month, once we find out exactly what they're looking for and the time frame they're looking for.
William H. Spence: The settlement, the hearings are scheduled to begin next week, and it will be too early for me to speculate. We haven't had a chance to sit down with interveners yet. The big issues, as you might imagine, are return on equity and there's some depreciation, a little bit of skirmishing around O&M expenses. But it's really the return on equity.
William H. Spence: Sure. I would say it's really a combination of great operational performance, good customer service, and reliability that's going to drive some of the performance on a go-forward basis, and then there are some tax benefits. But I think basically, it's small and it's really driven by the fundamentals of the business, not any one-time items.
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, on the cost for Fukushima-related, as we mentioned, the first part of it is pretty well known. And that's making changes to everything but the filtered vents, the items that the NRC and the industry is on the same page with, which will allow us to respond a bit better in an unlikely event of a challenge to off-site power in particular, as well as maintaining proper levels and understanding where the water levels are and the spent fuel pools, as well as the temperature. So those instrumentation changes are relatively small and low capital cost items. So all of that, as Dave mentioned, I think in the $50 million to $60 million kind of range. The bigger unknown is around the filtered vents, which as I commented earlier, we don't have a good estimate yet because we're not exactly sure what the NRC maybe looking for. When it comes to the turbine blades, the majority of our expense to do the permanent fix will probably come next year. That will come with some unscheduled outages, so we're going to have on the units, it's not in the refueling, we'll have a special outage to put in the permanent fix. And then the scheduled outage may -- hopefully wouldn't take much longer, but it could be a little bit longer. So O&M for 2013 will be a bit higher now. As I mentioned on the last call, we have a number of initiatives underway to trim our O&M and capital expenses, particularly in the supply segment. And there, we would expect some of the O&M savings for 2013 would be offset by the increased outage that we have to take next year. So that's kind of a rundown of where we see the supply business from an O&M and capital perspective.
William H. Spence: Sure. We still like the business mix that we have. We have no plans to make a strategic change with the supply business. And we're happy with its performance through the good part of the cycle, and we'll manage it well through the down cycle.
William H. Spence: Well, since we're still in a pretty heavily capital-intensive building program infrastructure and replacements, there's going to be immediately some type of lag. But we can manage some of that hopefully through O&M and other levers that we have to try to keep it close to or near the ROE. But I think as we've said in the past, with the type of the spending we need to do on a traditional general rate case basis that we'd be probably looking at needing to file every few years. Now I would probably just remind you that a lot of the spending that we are planning to do has real-time or near-real-time recovery, particularly in Kentucky with the environmental spend. Of course in the U.K., it's all returned off and on immediately as we spend it. And then in Pennsylvania, we have a new law that was passed early this year that will allow us to file for some of the capital, about 1/3 or more of the capital, that had we planned to spend under a new ratemaking mechanism, which will allow more timely recovery. So I think overall, we feel good about our ability to keep the returns close to the authorized level because of the ratemaking constructive arrangements that we have in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky.
William H. Spence: At this point, we have not made that determination. I think we are both focused on ensuring that we know the root cause and putting in a permanent fix. And in terms of the commercial sharing of the cost, that will come at a later date. But I think we're very focused on just making sure that we get the permanent fix into the unit as quickly as possible.
William H. Spence: We would be looking at this as a one-time expense. We're hopeful that for the Susquehanna turbine outage blade-cracking issue, we can accomplish much of what we need to do in 2013. We'll know better by the end of the year. But yes, we would look at these as one-time events.
William H. Spence: I think probably because we're getting closer to the period in which we'd want to have 2014 more highly hedged, it will probably tend to be more ratable, Steve. But just as we've done in this last rally, we're going to look to pick our spots as to when we hedge. So I would say we're kind of leaning in that direction to be more ratable, but we're going to certainly take advantage of any market opportunities as we see them. I'd also say that we just completed our own internal fundamental analysis. And I would say the team is more bullish on '14 and '15 than they've been for a while now. So that would tend to have us leave it open a little bit more than we otherwise would. But again, as we drive closer and closer to '14, we'll want to have a pretty heavily hedged book by then.
William H. Spence: It is not in the projections right now, Ashar, and we don't have a preliminary number yet. But maybe Vic can talk to what we're thinking about it in terms of projects.
William H. Spence: Okay. Operator, if there are no more questions in the queue -- apparently not. Okay. Well thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And we'll see many of you at EEI. And safe travels.
Victor A. Staffieri: Our capital -- our sales on industrials are up 9% quarter-over-quarter and about 6% for the year. And that's just -- we've just had some good, robust industrial sales in the automotive sector and in the North American stainless and the return to service of a facility that was out of service last year. So we've had good, steady industrial sales growth in Kentucky this year, 6% over last year.
Victor A. Staffieri: I'm sorry, this is Vic Staffieri. I would say it's not a question of conservatism. We had a plan that we laid out with the regulatory commission in Kentucky. We applied pursuant to our environmental cost recovery mechanisms. We had projections of what we thought the compliance costs were. And we were just very fortunate that with the commission's support, we were able to get out early, get our estimates in, get it all bid, everything was bid here, including all the commodities. And all of these bids have come back very favorable, and that's really the genesis of the $500 million in savings.
Victor A. Staffieri: We're in the process now of an RFP. We just got the offers in last week to meet [indiscernible]. We have some capacity requirements in '17 and '18. We've had the Bluegrass turbines originally we were going to use to meet that. We haven't done that. Those capital savings were reflected in 2012. And until we evaluate the bids that we just received and we will also take into account any self-build options for '17 and '18, still early for us to make an estimate on what those capital requirements might be.
Victor A. Staffieri: Well, I think we could handle it by the first quarter of next year when we're done with the evaluation of the RFPs.
