Joe Bergstein: Thanks, Vince. And good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 9. Today, we announce third quarter reported earnings of $0.27 per share. This reflects special items of $0.09 per share primarily related to losses on the early extinguishment of debt associated with the recapitalization of the Balance Sheet, post the sale of WPD. Adjusting for special items, third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were $0.36 per share compared with $0.30 per share a year ago. Our third quarter results bring our year-to-date earnings from ongoing operations to $0.83 per share.  Details on our year-to-date earnings are available in the appendix to today's presentation. Now let's move to Slide 10 for a more detailed look at our third quarter segment results. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment recorded $0.16 per share for the third quarter, which was $0.01 per share lower compared to a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to higher operations and maintenance expense, primarily related to higher storm and support costs and a reserve recorded for a reduction to the return on equity in the transmission formula rate. Partially offsetting these items were returns on additional capital investments in transmission.  Turning to our Kentucky regulated segment, third quarter results were $0.21 per share, up $0.04 per share increase compared to Q3 2020 results. The increase was primarily driven by higher base retail rates effective July 1 and lower interest expense, primarily due to interest costs that were previously allocated to the Kentucky Regulated segment. Partially offsetting this increase was higher operation and maintenance expense related to support and generation-related cost factors. They were not individually significant. Results at corporate and other were a loss of $0.01 per share, which was $0.03 higher compared to a year ago. The increase was primarily driven by lower interest expense due to less outstanding long-term holding Company debt. And that concludes my prepared remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Vince.
Joe Bergstein: Yeah. So, Paul, clearly what we announced today was a billion dollars of total buybacks by year-end and at least a billion dollars of incremental capital investments. And we've identified some more potential beyond that, but we need to continue the analysis and work through the business plans. The range that you have, you see on that slide, are really just to provide some context to you on the remaining proceeds in those buckets.  And so, as we think about cash and the use of that cash, there's other considerations that we have think about, you know credit, timing of that spend, regulatory mechanisms, broader efficiencies across the largely domestic platform, and all of that will go into our full plan. So, I think once -- we'll be in a better position post the close of Narragansett to discuss the additional details and including how we deploy that remaining proceeds and what falls into each of those pockets.
Joe Bergstein: Going with a billion dollars of capital, your kind of around a billion dollars [Indiscernible] numbers through cash. But we'll continue to evaluate [Indiscernible] use of those billion dollars and the [Indiscernible] more details when we -- after the close of Narragansett.
Joe Bergstein: I understand the premise of your question, Steve and it's similar to Paul's question earlier. And -- but you need to -- I think you need to factor in the full transition of the Company and the Balance Sheet after the sale of WPD. So, you think about the use of proceeds, you need -- I think you need to consider the financial strength that provides the ability to execute a more robust business plan without any equity needs. A returning capital to share owners with the buyback. Of course, the acquisition of Narragansett.  But really at this point, we've not finalized our business plans. So, in the interim, we're trying to provide you some broad buckets of the opportunities that we have until we complete the acquisition of Narragansett and are able to provide you a full forecast. So, I get your question, but we need to get through the full process, and think about Rhode Island in the plan and the full options of opportunities and then we will be able to lay it out for you a little bit [Indiscernible] but we're trying to give you some incremental data here until we can get to that point.
Joe Bergstein: But certainly, we're putting -- we'll put the money to work on the acquisition of Narragansett, the buybacks are [Indiscernible].
Joe Bergstein: And the debt reductions complete. So, it's significantly behind us and so if you think about the opportunity, I don't know if it is different than any other utilities that has a forward capital plan that hasn't deployed the capital yet. So, I do think it is the base. We have transitioned and TSA and other costs that are in there that are a little different. But as far as utilizing the proceeds, I expect that the lion's share of those will be utilized by the time we get to the close of Narragansett, and provide a forecast and a base year and a growth rate.
Joe Bergstein: I think we do. But again, the intent of this page was to get broad buckets of how we're thinking about the opportunity with the proceeds. And so, I think these all kind of questions get back to the same point. I have to reiterate that we're not through with the business plan yet. So, we're trying to provide some level of detail to you in the interim as we think about this and we work through the plans, putting the -- Vince talked about this. Putting those proceeds, if you will, to the capital, we think is a better use of that capital ultimately to do the work that we need to do on the system and provide the network that customers need and do it in an affordable way. But we're not done and we just need to work through the full of the plan.
Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In summary, as we work to complete our strategic repositioning, I remain incredibly excited about our future. We continue to build momentum throughout 2021 in executing our strategic objectives. And I'm confident we will emerge from our transformation, a leading U.S. energy Company, stronger, more agile, and better positioned to advance the Clean Energy transition to deliver utilities of the future and to drive long-term value for all of our stakeholders. With that operator, let's open the call for questions.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. I just want to make sure I heard your question properly. So, I would say in general as we think about the capital allocation [Indiscernible] investing in the utilities is our priority and our bias, especially as we try to make sure that we're delivering [Indiscernible] that our customers need as we look at the transition to a Clean Energy future. So being able to fund that in a way that requires little to no equity issuances over the foreseeable future is incredibly important to us which is really how Joe and the team identify the $3.5 billion of debt that we bought down with part of the proceeds and getting the Balance Sheet in that position where we can fund not only this billion, but even incremental capital to your point with Rhode Island and other potential opportunities that we may identify without issuing equity.  So that's the first component of that. In terms of the stock buybacks themselves, again, we're looking at that versus other potential opportunities. And you mentioned inorganic. I talked about last quarter; we don't need M&A to hit the growth profile that we've communicated. Of course, we will be opportunistic as we always have been with M&A. But our -- I would say our focus in the M&A area right now, Shar, is to close Rhode Island, get the integration underway, and really ensure that we have a smooth transition there.  And then as we talked about before, working with the state on the pace of change for the Clean Energy transition up in Rhode Island and then making sure that we're supporting that with the capital and investment plans. So, our focus, I would say, on M&A right now is squarely on that. But as I always say, you never say never. If there's an opportunity that presents itself that we think would create incremental shareholder value above our organic growth plans, certainly it's something that we would consider as we've done in the past; but it's not the core of our strategy right now.
Vincent Sorgi: [Indiscernible] so for -- through 2028, I would say, certainly through '24 which is our next projected coal plant retirement. We don't think we require significant, if any, replacement generation for our '24 retirements. So really the reserve margin starts to tighten when we start to get into the 2028 timeframe. And so, as you can see in the -- on Slide 18, which is the IRP megawatts that we're talking about under the base case and then the high case.  Over the 15-year period, which is really where again, it's post 28 when you see more significant retirements and then ultimate replacement for the increase in energy that we're projecting, both in the base case and then in the high case. We're thinking in the base case, there's probably around $3 billion up investment opportunity over that 15-year period.  Significantly more in the high case, obviously, you're seeing 5600 additional megawatts significantly more renewables in that case, and so the investment opportunity under high case would be -- call it around $10 billion plus or minus, so that's a significant opportunity. As we -- I should clarify, that like the Ford announcement, and some of the other announcements I talked about we're not necessarily in the base case.  They don't necessarily get us to the high case. As again, the high case has EV assumptions, and electric heat assumptions, very high gas prices over that sustained period. Obviously, all of that is still to be determined but I would say the positive thing with the Ford and the other announcements I talked about, at least on the major new customer additions were certainly trending towards the high case versus the base case.  So, the investment opportunity calls it $3 to $10 billion depending on the cases. Not a significant amount in the next 5 years. You might start to see some in 2026 as we plan for the 2028 retirees. But it's really, I would say, just following that time period is when you'll see more significant investment.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I would just reiterate, I think, what we've talked about in the past. We've said we expect to have a competitive EPS growth rate off of our '22 midpoint when we come out with that, and as you know, that range is anywhere from 4% to 8%. But I would say most of the ranges within that are even tighter in the 5% to 7% range, and so we would expect to be solidly in that range.
Vincent Sorgi: Way and combining that with underground high-voltage transmission. And so, for us, it's not about the size of the investment, it's for -- it's really a way for us to be part of an innovative project that hopefully could cut through some of those issues that we all know plague many transmission projects. And so, we're really trying to --
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So on -- just in general on the load, I think what we're seeing [Indiscernible] PA we're seeing kind of C&I come back to pretty close to pre - COVID levels. They are a little bit short as you -- we have slides in the deck that show the load and that's really -- things that you're seeing across the country. So, retail and hospitality that those have not fully come back yet. We're seeing the same thing down in Kentucky on that with the commercial. Industrial in Kentucky of course, just a lot of the shutdown issues that we had during COVID, that's all recovered. But with the chip shortages and some of the supply chain issues, we're seeing some of the factories being turned back.  So that's why a little bit short on the C&I side. And then on the residential, we're just seeing in Pennsylvania a lot more workers are still working from home and what we're seeing in Kentucky. So, for the most part, Kentucky is back to pre - COVID. Again, it's a little bit positive, but in PA, we're still quite a bit positive. So, we'll -- we're still waiting to see how much of that remains permanent, Ryan, in terms of load, in terms -- with hybrid work schedules and just more flexibility that companies are providing their workforce.  So, I guess our expectation would be that residential stays slightly above, but that remains to be seen. And then in terms of the announcements that we talked about, probably a little premature to talk about the low, the exact load impacts on those and when they will cut, and when that will show up. We really in the case of Ford plant, the final designs need to be prepared and released. So, I think while certainly qualitatively this is positive for our jurisdiction in the state in general, and I think it will be it'll actually fuel, additional announcements and opportunities for folks that want to come into the state.  Again, we're on top of the E3 energy strategy that the governor announced, I think this all goes very well for economic development opportunities within Kentucky, which I think qualitatively is good for our jurisdictions in our service areas. But putting that into, say, a megawatt of load, I think it's a little premature for that. But as soon as we can do that, we will get that disclosure out.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, Steve, I don't think it's appropriate to talk about specific M&A opportunities in the market or even hypotheticals for that matter. So, I would just say, on the M&A front, we're focused on Rhode Island and getting that.
Vincent Sorgi: Not only to complete it but then, the transition to happen in very smooth way and then get off the TSAs and get fully under our ownership. So that's where our focus is.
Vincent Sorgi: I think to your point and just to solidify what Joe is saying, So, when we look at that $1 to $2 billion and this is kind of to your point, I think. We can fund that range without additional equity going forward, so.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. But again, the balance sheet is set up so that we can fund our CapEx growth without issuing equity. So, the balance sheet is strong enough to fund all that, Anthony.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So, the -- I think Greg said it was relatively evenly split across the years, not between PA and Kentucky. I think this initial billion we've identified is actually more weighted to Pennsylvania than it is Kentucky, [Indiscernible].
Vincent Sorgi: Great, just want to thank everyone for joining us on the call and we're looking forward to engaging with everybody next week at EI. So, thanks, everybody.
Greg Dudkin: Sure, Vince. From a high level that billing is split between Pennsylvania and Kentucky and the focus is on grid modernization, automation, and resiliency, hardening projects, as well as projects to enable more DER and renewables on our grid. I would also add that we anticipate technology-related spend within this period of time. As far as the shaping, I would say, at a high level at this point we're still working through the client on that but it's probably going to be fairly level across the next 5 years.
Greg Dudkin: Really not too much to talk about. But I guess from a high level, Paul, for us to or for the United States to really get to being much greener and really reducing the carbon footprint, we're going to need a lot more transmission. So, I think these issues brought up on SOO Green project are probably going to be beyond just this project. Those are the types of issues that need to be resolved if we are to really expand the use of renewables and ultimately expand our transmission system.
Greg Dudkin: Yeah, we're starting to see some extended lead times on some select material and equipment, but we've been able across our footprint, to extend the supplier base and mitigate that to some degree. But we're really not experiencing significant delays in current projects, and don't expect an impact on our increased capital plan, going forward.
