Bill Spence: Thanks, Vince. I'd like to take a moment now to reiterate that PPL remains well positioned for the future. Our strong financial profile consisting of a significant liquidity position and low-risk capital plan will enable us to manage through an extended economic downturn. Our commitment to exceptional operational performance and customer satisfaction shines bright as we continue to deliver electricity and natural gas during this period of uncertainty. We remain steadfast in our goals to advance the cleaner energy future and delivering on commitments to share owner. In closing, I would note that this will be the last earnings call led by me as PPL's Chief Executive Officer. As we announced in February, I will be retiring as CEO on June 1, and will become non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Vince will become President and CEO of PPL at that time. It has truly been an honor to lead a tremendous team of employees we have here at PPL. They are among the very best our industry has to offer. They are talented, creative, caring and hardworking. And above all they are dedicated to making life better for our customers and our community. As we look to the future, I'm confident that the company will be in good hands led by Vince guided by an outstanding management team supported by more than 12,000 strong in the U.S. and U.K. and poised to deliver for our share owners moving forward. Lastly, we talked at length today about the challenge of COVID-19 and PPL's response. And I think it's worth noting that PPL has delivered power safely and reliably for the communities we serve for 100 years overcoming many difficult challenges in that time. Through World War II, the Great Depression, hurricanes, snowstorms and more generations of PPL employees have answered the call with grid determination and creativity. I have no doubt we will continue to do the same once again in the face of this new and unprecedented challenge. With that, operator let's open the call for questions please.
Bill Spence: Sure. Good question, Michael. And thanks for the comments early on there. Vince, do you want to handle that one, but I think you've set up the question well Michael in terms of some of those trade-offs. But Vince you can probably comment.
Bill Spence: I'll start and then if you want to supplement hence that would be fine. Really, we don't expect Michael any impact -- any material impact on the RIIO-ED2 schedule at this point. Our understanding and we've been in constant contact mostly because of COVID-19 operational issues, but in constant contact with Ofgem. And they -- in our last conversation with them indicated that as it relates to the gas and transmission proceedings they are continuing on and they still expect to issue a decision in the summer. As it relates to the electric distribution, as you know there is still a lot of work that's scheduled for 2021 and 2022. This year's were -- at least as it relates to the electric distribution segment is still going forward obviously virtually versus face to face, but we don't really expect this to have any material impact on the timing. Of course, if the COVID-19 pandemic were to go out in time for a much more extended time frame that could change. But right now, it looks like we're still on track. Vince, I don't know if you have anything else you want to add there.
Bill Spence: At this point, we -- it's early in the process. So it's really hard to predict exactly what levers we're going to pull to stay within the current range that we have. So the impact in the U.K. is the reason we didn't necessarily adjust the guidance. So the timing of the reopening is expected to be slower in the U.K. than what we're seeing here in the U.S. and we've got a better line of sight domestically to see how that opening looks like it's going to pan out where we don't have that in the U.K. So as a result of that, we didn't change our current range for earnings. So I guess it remains to be seen, which levers exactly we want to pull and particularly looking at the U.K. being two-thirds of the impact that will be the key thing to watch for us and for investors as the months go by here.
Bill Spence: So yes, pretty much. I'd say we certainly still believe that our 2020 forecast can be achieved, which is why we didn't change it today. Reaffirming, I guess, in my mind implies a high degree of certainty and forecasting outcomes, which I think is challenging at this time being early on particularly with the more stringent restrictions that we're seeing in the U.K. and that lack of the line of sight that I mentioned not having that in the U.K. where -- versus where we are domestically where we at least know what the governors are thinking in Kentucky and Pennsylvania and we can kind of do a better job I think of predicting where things might land as we come out of COVID-19 lockdown in both those states whereas we don't have that just yet in the U.K. So I think we'll know obviously a lot more by the time we get to Q2. Fortunately, as we mentioned any hit in the U.K., which is expected to be our biggest hit, if we have one at least relative to 2020 earnings will be recoverable plus inflation in 2022 and 2023. So even if we ultimately have to alter our 2020 forecast due to lower sales in the U.K. economically, we're not going to be any worse off.
Bill Spence: That's correct. Yes. At this time, I don't expect any change in our dividend strategy or policy as a result of COVID-19.
Bill Spence: Thank you operator and thanks to everyone for joining us today and all the best as you individually and collectively deal with the COVID-19. I wish you and your family's safety and health. Thank you.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. And thanks Michael. I appreciate the congrats. So when we think about the U.S. right so Kentucky given the continued high level of investment that we're deploying not only in 2020, but also 2021 we would expect a need to file a rate case in Kentucky within the next year or so. To your point given just the current backdrop with COVID we are uncertain as to the timing of when we would file that next rate case. Our normal cadence that we've been on in Kentucky was basically every other year that would have suggested filing something at the end of this year with rates going into effect mid next year. But we are currently assessing that timing given COVID and just the backdrop there. For Pennsylvania, we don't have a rate case in the business plan through our guide period through at least 2021. I don't think COVID in and of itself would drive us to alter the timing of any rate case decisions in Pennsylvania. As Joe talked about in his remarks, when we looked at April's results, Pennsylvania was actually flat. So the residential load offset the C&I the negative impacts on C&I. So again, I think given the tariff structure in PA, I wouldn't say COVID is going to drive us to alter our current plan there in PA.
Vince Sorgi: Maybe just a couple of points. So to your point, Ofgem has indicated that they will issue the draft determinations for gas distribution and transmission at the end of July. So they are working hard to keep that timing. Also, in that Q2, Q3 time frame of this year, Ofgem was scheduled to get the ED2 sector methodology consultation out with the final methodology decision in Q4 of this year. That would feed our initial business plan submission in Q2 of next year. We are continuing to work towards that business plan submission for the middle of next year assuming that Ofgem will be on schedule with both the sector methodology consultation and then the final decision. I could see those slipping a little bit, but I think they would probably just contract the time. The overall time leading up to Q2 next year for the business plan submission. So, again, we're preparing to make sure that we can make that submission.
Vince Sorgi: Yeah. Bill, I think I agree with those comments. In the short-term, we're not quite at the inflection point but we do have 100-megawatt RFP in with the commission currently right now requesting approval. As part of that we provided, a number of future scenarios around cost curves for both gas and coal as well as renewables. And over the long-term, the bulk of those scenarios would suggest that that solar contract is beneficial from a cost perspective but it does take a number of years to get there. So, depending on the time horizon, Stephen that you're looking at, it would really dictate whether you view renewables, particularly solar as economic in the state and that's exactly what we're going through with the commission right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning everyone. Hope you all are doing well and Bill, Vince congratulations. It's been a pleasure. And Vince, I look forward to continuing to work with you here. Wish you the best in your new role.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. So perhaps, if I could pick it up a little bit where you guys left it off on the last question here. And this might admittedly be a back headed way to ask about the uplift coming in '22 and '23 out of the U.K. What are you reflecting in your updated expectations for the full year rather than just April in terms of low degradation? And again, I also want to just double check about this. Do you talk about two-thirds of that impact in April being allocated to the U.K.? Out of that full year number, how much of it is coming from the U.K. as well? Just to think about like what that uplift eventually is for '22, '23 if that's my goal here.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. If I could just clarify the last response. And this has come up a little bit earlier but why not just fully elect -- I suppose this is part of the Ofgem construct itself but have some kind of accounting to fully elect for decoupling here given what seems sort of like an obvious transfer of value from one period to another. But ultimately that sounds basically canton on to decoupling. Is there any ability to actually reflect that in the ED2 process, or is it an accounting election or -- just to clarify there.
Joe Bergstein: Sure. So, we're not projecting the full year impact at this time. As we have the estimate for April and as I've mentioned in prepared remarks, we don't have all of the data yet just as the normal lag in getting that information from suppliers. So it will be a little bit longer here till we get the actual results. We are starting to -- or the U.K. government is starting to talk about reopening businesses and C&I customers in the U.K. So we could see that number -- that impact number change as we move through the year. Regardless we would expect the same level of recoverability for any -- or the same ability to recover any shortfall later in the year. So trying to assess the full year impact at this time is a little difficult given the uncertainty as when -- as to when the U.K. will begin reopening.
Joe Bergstein: Sure. So, we certainly have levers that we can pull Julien as we do in typical years to face the challenges that we may see from weather or other headwinds. And obviously we had a weather impact a negative impact for the first quarter yet we still were confident in our forecast through the first quarter results. So, I think if you think of it in terms of our ability to manage in a weather year I think that's kind of what we were about $0.05 short of our business plan for the first quarter. I think at least we have that level of opportunity as we move through the balance of the year. Ultimately, we'll have to assess the full impact. And again given the recoverability nature of the U.K. with their decoupling mechanism it's really just a timing difference as we see it. So from a cash flow or credit or dividend perspective over the next two years we really don't see an impact. So, we'll have to just continue to assess the situation and the impact as we move through the balance of the year and decide which levers and how we want to flex them. But of course I think we'll have the normal levers that we typically have. And then in addition to that just given the current situation we'll have things like travel, training, open positions across the company, and things like that that we'll take a look at as well.
Joe Bergstein: Sorry. It's really just driven by the regulatory nature of the U.K. So, it's a revenue model so we don't have -- we don't get the advantage of regulatory accounting in -- under U.S. GAAP. So, it's not an election that we chose and it's not something that would necessarily change in ED2.
Joe Bergstein: Sure. So our thinking around pension funding hasn't really changed as -- with respect to the Triennial Review process and future funding requirements from customers in the U.K. We were -- we had already embarked on that process. We work with the pension trustee first. We're largely through that process with them and then we move to the U.K. pension regulator and we're in that phase now. We're getting ready to kick off that phase of review with the regulator. We'll wrap that up and get to Ofgem and get approval from Ofgem later this year and get that in the November tariff for 2021. And so again our thinking there has not really changed with respect to the amount of funding required in the future from customers. As we talked about previously we expect that to decline by about $0.05 per share when we get to that period just from the funded status and the lower collection that's required over the next several years.
Joe Bergstein: That's correct. And it would actually be recovered in two years sense. So it's really in the 2022 and 2023 time frame because there's a two year lag.
Joe Bergstein: Sure. It's for other items that may be related to COVID, Steve. So we had additional interest expense relative to the original plan from the capital funding issuance that we did earlier that we did in April to shore up liquidity. If there's an extended severe lockdown situation we could see an increase in bad debt. So it's just to cover some other areas that may be outside of what you see just in load.
Joe Bergstein: Sure. Sure. So we've been in regular dialogue with the rating agencies as they've been assessing the impact of COVID on the utility sector. And, of course, we were in touch with them ahead of our -- the PPL Cap Funding debt offering in April. They did not express any specific concerns as it relates to PPL. And of course we remain on stable outlook across the family of companies at both the agencies. And then I think Steve, you're exactly right from a credit metric perspective, first of all, we'd be able to expect -- we'd expect to be able to manage the near-term pressures from on our credit metrics as a result of COVID. But given the forward view of metrics and cash flows that the agencies have and their assessment of credit over a multiyear period and much of the expected impact that's going to come from the U.K. will be recovered over the period of time that they look at while assessing ratings and credit metrics. So we feel comfortable with that aspect as well.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team, and Bill and Vince, I also want to extend my congratulations to you both. Good luck, Bill, and Vince look forward to working with you.
Durgesh Chopra: Just -- yeah, sure absolutely. Joe, don't hate me, but I want to go back to the decoupling in the U.K. just so I understand this perfectly. So confirm or deny you are going to see a 2020 EPS hit, if sort of the demand destruction from COVID continues right? That's right, right? I mean you'll see and hit in EPS and then you recover it in 2021? I'm talking about calendar year 2020 versus calendar year 2021.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Perfect. And then, the -- so the so you've reaffirmed the guidance, so I'm assuming what is sort of built into that is any EPS hit from COVID in the U.K. will be offset by cost savings and other mitigation efforts.
