William H. Spence: Thanks, Vince. To summarize, we continue to perform very well across all three of our business segments, and we're solidly on track to deliver on our increased 2016 earnings guidance. And even with the $0.06 of restrikes we've executed for 2017, we are reaffirming our 2017 earnings guidance. The actions we've taken as part of our foreign currency hedging strategy has substantially minimized foreign currency risk through 2019, and provide greater assurance to our earnings growth targets, and we're confident in our ability to achieve competitive earnings growth of 5% to 6% a year from 2017 through 2020. The strength of our underlying business plans also provides us with confidence in targeting about 4% annual dividend growth beginning in 2017 and running through 2020. With that, operator, let's open the call up for questions.
William H. Spence: Sure. Let me begin with Pennsylvania. So, on the transmission side, we're continuing to build out many projects, and those projects are included in our five-year capital spending plan that's included in the appendix of our presentation today. So, that work will continue on. Relative to Pennsylvania distribution operations, that capital spending is coming down, and we would not expect the need to go in for a rate case in Pennsylvania during our forecast period. In Kentucky, I'll let Vic comment on our plans there.
William H. Spence: Thanks, Vince. And just one addition, some of this could be dependent also on the results of the Clean Power Plant and how that may roll out into the future in terms of at least the Kentucky operations.
William H. Spence: Sure. The expected rates would go into effect, if approved by the commission, in July of next year. Our history of settling has been very solid. We operate, we believe, in a very constructive jurisdiction in Kentucky, and I think all of our spending in the past has been well justified, and we've had what I think are fair and balanced outcomes through settlements. So that's been the pattern thus far.
William H. Spence: Yeah. Those are water effluent guidelines that have been issued by the EPA, so it's not a new issue. And we're looking to see if we have a breakdown of exactly how much that is. We may not have it here at hand, but we can get that to you.
William H. Spence: Just really the fact that we were able to execute the plan that we talked about on the October 12 call. We had outlined what the strategy was, and we had executed some of that plan, but now we've completed the restrikes for 2016 and 2017, and we're able to do that at the rates that are shown on slide 14, which shows, as Vince commented, that when we get out to 2018, we've got hedges on at $1.42, well above our $1.30 that's embedded in our earnings expectations, the 5% to 6% earnings growth. So, that gives us $0.12 of potential value that we could move to hedge 2019, if need be.
William H. Spence: Well, first off, let me just comment on, if the pound stays at, let's just say, $1.20 and above, what you can see on this slide is at $1.20, we would effectively be able to use that $0.12 from 2018 and hedge up 100% of the 2019 exposure. To the extent that we don't need 2018 value to hedge 2019, we would then look forward to 2020, and we could use some of that value for 2020 if we needed to.
William H. Spence: Okay. Operator, I think that's all the questions that are in the queue. So, let me just close the call by thanking everyone for your participation on today's call. I will note that several members of our senior management team and I will be attending the EEI conference next week. And we look forward to seeing everyone there. Thanks, everyone.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Well, as we just announced today, we just filed this morning, so I suspect I'd (20:54) like to see the outcome of this case before I speculate on when we would file again. But generally speaking, when we get below 10% or so, we begin to look at whether or not another case is required. I should also point out that given the current status environment of regulations, I still would expect there to be substantial expenditures associated with our ECR, both in terms of the $1 billion that was just recently authorized by the commission to meet some of our coal combustion residual requirements and then also now we have some water issues that are going to require us to file under the ECR. So, I still think there will be a lot of money running the ECR. Let's get the outcome of this case, and generally speaking, when we get below 10%, we begin to look at additional cases.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: Under the terms of the statute, we're entitled to recover cost both capital and O&M associated with the Clean Air Act, and generally speaking, that handles most of things associated with not only the Clean Power Plant you've discussed the match (22:20) requirements and all of those types of expenditures. I don't have a breakdown with me of how much is in rates now and how much will be in rates, but generally speaking, it pretty broadly addresses almost all of the environmental requirements associated with our coal combustion facilities.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: It is near real time. We file it and we recover it almost instantaneously, I think about a 60-day delay.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: It's for everything not associated with environmental spend. So, it would be things not associated with the ECR filing. So, for example, as Bill pointed out, we're looking for things like additional reliability on distribution system, additional automation on our distribution system, additional rebuild of our transmission systems. So, it's really driven by bricks and mortars associated with distribution and transmission, and there is some capital in there that's not associated necessarily with coal combustion.
Vincent Sorgi - PPL Corp.: This is (26:24). I should also comment that we're in the process now of reviewing those regulations. They only recently promulgated, and so those regulations and how we're going to comply with them, we're also finalizing those estimates, and I suspect we'll be in a better position to comment on that at the next call.
