Bill Spence: Thanks, Vince. In closing, PPL delivered another strong performance in 2018 as we continue to execute on our strategy for growth and operational excellence. Once again, we delivered strong financial results. We executed on our financing plan and positioned the company well post tax reform. We provided award-winning customer service and reliability to our more than 10 million customers. With an eye towards the future, we invested in infrastructure to make the grid smarter, more reliable and more resilient, and to advance a cleaner energy future. We continue to deliver on our commitments to customers and shareowners and we will continue to deliver long-term value for those who invest in PPL. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
Bill Spence: Let me start and then I'll turn part of this over to Vince. We’re expecting about a negative $0.05 impact from the pension deficit in our base case, so that that is the number that's really associated directly with the pension deficit. As you noted, there are some other drivers which are some other true ups that could impacted, but that's the primary amounts and the $0.05 what’s built into the base case for now. Relative to the amounts that we’re collecting it's about $180 million of revenue that we're collecting in pension deficit funding. Based on the current assumptions and as Vince noted, the lower asset returns and balances we believe are still going to require continued deficit funding certainly over the next several years. So just for sensitivity purposes, as we noted, we stressed another $0.05 in the low case. So the primary drivers to the high and low guidance range that we gave are the FX and UK pension and other true ups, which we discussed. Relative to the more detailed question, I'll turn it over to Vince.
Bill Spence: And I guess just to conclude the thought here on the pension deficit. We’re not expecting that the entire amount of the pension deficit would go way through the ED1 process. So we think there could be the negative impacts some reductions but certainly don't believe at this point that the majority of it would go away.
Bill Spence: As I previously have mentioned, we continuously look for opportunities to create shareowner value as we've really done over the past decade. And if there is a clear and compelling path that we can take to drive additional value for the shareowners, we are certainly going to consider it. And I think our track record has clearly demonstrated that. So I think we continue to operate exceptionally well and believe the current business mix and plan is going to generate long-term shareowner value. And certainly, I believe we have a very strong business plan with significant rate base and earnings growth and a very competitive dividend. So I don't think we're compelled to react hastily to political or regulatory aspects that quite frankly are out of our control and take options that might destroy shareowner value not created. So we continue to look at that but that at the moment, nothing clear and compelling to drive additional value for shareowners.
Bill Spence: So starting from that base, number one would be probably an expectation that we’re not going to be in a negative risk-free return environment by the time our ROE is actually set. So that would be probably point number one. Point number two would be the upside potential from incentive revenue that we've had a long history of doing very, very well at. The third element would probably be the shift from fast flat to slow flat , putting more of our revenue into the, if you want to call it, the fast flat, the operating and maintenance bucket and a little bit less in the CapEx for slow flat bucket. And I believe that would have been about $140 million that we shifted at about 10% in the current RIIO-ED1 regulatory process. Other potential upsides we know that Ofgem is going to have a keen focus on how do they incentivize the electric distribution companies to meet some of the clean energy objectives, policy objectives, in the UK. And we believe that's going to result in some other opportunities, whether that'd be CapEx or otherwise. But also in our case, the one element that we do have that we mentioned earlier on the pension deficit funding that’s $180 million that could be converted from arguably less quality earnings to more higher quality earnings through additional CapEx that we could spend and still not raise customer rates, because of that production coming off the pension deficit we can replace it with something that's going to be longer-term an earnings drivers. So those are I would say the major drivers as we look to RIIO-ED2, which again doesn't start for us until April 2023.
Bill Spence: And I would say just the mixture of that put a point on this, the $1.35. We've certainly seen that number in the forwards for post Brexit. So I think you were probably, Michael, referring to the $1.60 to high end, we haven’t seen since Brexit. So I just want to be clear. And that number is really informed by two things; one is, some bank forecasts that we've seen; and the second is that had been, prior to Brexit, I think around the 10 year average of actually, I think the 10 year average was slightly higher, maybe around $1.65. So, I think it has some basis for our forecast in reality assuming that Brexit is behind us by the time we get to 2021.
Bill Spence: On the tax leakage, it's pretty much status quo. We have investigated many times different structures and alternatives that would significantly reduce the tax leakage, and none of those to-date at least have made it still shareowner positive, meaning, we're not destroying shareowner value. The other item that we talked about on one of the previous calls was that credit act of the sale -- the potential sale of WPD as being negative as well. So, there'd be both a tax and a credit impact that we'd have to overcome to make this shareowner accretive or in benefit for the shareowners.
Bill Spence: There's not really anything major or specific, other than I would say, I believe, we've taken out Advanced Metering project in Kentucky. So that was a fairly sizable one and maybe some of the other projects that were probably lower probability projects that could come back into the plan. But I think it's just -- as we roll forward. It's just refining the numbers that we presented at EEI. And since EEI, we've had more planning done and we've presented our CapEx to our Board of Directors and had the latest numbers approved. So it's really kind of an update, a more specific update than we had at EEI.
Bill Spence: Thank you. Well, thanks everyone for joining today's call and we look forward to talking with you on the first quarter call.
Vince Sorgi: I think it's not just one factor, there is couple of factors. Maybe the first is we look at the dividend in the context of the overall total return that we expect to deliver to the shareowners. And currently with the 5.5% EPS growth and the almost 5.5% dividend growth, we’re looking at about an 11% total return for shareholders, which we think puts us in the top quartile of the peer group. So we think that that's competitive overall with the peer group. The second factor that we typically look at is the payout ratio compared to our peer group. And we're currently at nearly 70% payout, so that's on the high end of the peer group. So we'd like to work that down more in line with peers over time. So those are two of several factors that go into our thought process.
Vince Sorgi: So a couple of things I would point to. One is and you alluded to it as inflation. To the extent that inflation is driving the RPI or CPI in the UK upwards, which it has been, that's actually a positive, because that creates incremental revenue for us. And certainly, we've seen some benefit from that here lately. I think also incremental cost efficiency, we've done an excellent job, both in the UK and in the domestic utilities, to really try to take cost out wherever we can and that’s certainly an area that we're going to continue to look at. I think the other things are customer and load growth. I think you see that with our year end 2018 on a weather adjusted basis, we did see some uptick in low growth. I'm not sure that that's indicative of what we're going to see going forward but built into our plan is actually slightly negative will grow. So certainly anything flat to positive will be upside to the current plan. And then of course regulatory outcomes could always, whether it'd be in Kentucky or Pennsylvania could help lift earnings higher as well. So those are just to set some of the other ones that I would add and potentially incremental CapEx towards the back end of the plan. As Vince mentioned, our CapEx plan is really just based on specific projects that we already know about and have high confidence that we can execute on. But I'm sure that there will be additional incremental CapEx as we look towards the back end of the plan.
Vince Sorgi: Bill, maybe just a couple additional comments. So Greg, when you look at the expected ROREs, which are the RIIO returns in the gas sector, they're projected to be close to 11% for the electric distribution sector, it's projected to be under 9.5%. So I don't think you're necessarily going to see the same level of adjustment for the electric distribution companies as what’s been contemplated for gas. We've in our conversations with Ofgem and they've made it clear in the consultation that this does not apply to electric distribution. They've affirmed that to us in our direct conversations with them. And as Bill said, I think we all agree that there will be additional capital requirements going into electric distribution in RIIO2 as compared to RIIO1, all the electrification needs. And so again our sense is that Ofgem will ultimately for the electric distribution companies come out with their returns to incentivize that investment.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, our current projection would suggest that we would need to start layering in around April to be remained compliant with the policy.
Vince Sorgi: I think that if you just adjust that assumption on its own, it would suggest that Michael. But I would be hesitant to confirm that conclusion, because of all the items that Bill talked about before. So, the regulatory outcomes in Kentucky could come out better than what we are projecting. Again, we use pretty conservative assumptions when we model some of this base stuff out. And so customer and load growth were flat for Kentucky, slightly negative for PA. If we determine that, the solid sales growth that we’re seeing in 2018, is not just the weather anomaly and that actually continues going forward. That would provide some upside to that base number. Again, we talked about the additional capital investment as we go through the plan, none of that is built into the low end of the range. So of course, we have O&M and inflation assumption in there. So, I wouldn’t necessarily say that if it stayed at 135 we would only be it at 250 in 2021. But clearly, that’s the assumption we put into that low end of the range.
Vince Sorgi: So actually under the existing capital plan that we've presented, we've become cash flow positive in the back end of the plan to you point Michael. And so really that additional cash is reducing the amount of debt and equity that we need to fund the CapEx plan. So at this point that cash would still be utilized to feed the capital.
Vince Sorgi: Praful, it's really just the math of dropping off a $3.5 billion a year and adding a $2.5 billion a year at the back end until we identify additional capital to be spent out there. So it's really, really just that.
