William H. Spence: Sure. Well, with the Clean Power Plan just being released today, obviously, we're going to need a little bit of time, as I think you are, to kind of look through what this all means. But I think as you noted in your note this morning, I think it does support potentially higher CapEx for the utilities segment, generally speaking. And I think the pieces that I've read about the Clean Power Plan are pretty consistent with what we would have expected. I think in Kentucky, we'll need to study it a little bit more closely to kind of see what the impact on our Kentucky operations might be. But I think going beyond 2017, clearly, we're going to look to incorporate whatever we may need to do to respond to the Clean Power Plan. And I think in PPL's case, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we do have the Compass program or project which is obviously a fairly large chunk of transmission spend that potentially start to come into our capital plans post-2017. So, we'll continue to monitor that specific project and any other transmission projects as we go forward. So, I think those would be kind of the key drivers, Dan.
William H. Spence: Rick, why don't you take that question? I think overall, Dan, that the UK continues for us to be a tremendous success story. I think you've seen us consistently outperform, and, obviously, we believe we're the best network operator in the UK. And clearly, our integration of the central networks went exceptionally well and really was just flawless. So, Vince commented that we believe it's a premium jurisdiction and it's really going to help bring cash back. It's going to help fund our domestic growth as well and support the dividend. So, in terms of outperformance going forward, maybe Rick, you could talk about some of the things that might drive the outperformance as we look to the future.
William H. Spence: Sure. Let me start and then I'll ask Vince to supplement my comments. But I think first on the corporate shared services cost or what we've called dyssynergies of the spin transaction, we've done an excellent job of identifying how we were planning to reduce many of those shared services costs that otherwise would be stranded. And we're well on track, if not ahead of plan on that. We're actually looking at opportunities for additional synergies or cost reductions as we go forward. So, I think we've done a really great job of addressing what could have been a drag on earnings. And as I mentioned in my initial remarks, part of the growth, domestically, that we're going to see comes from corporate shared services costs coming in lower than we had originally expected. So with that brief bit of background, maybe Vince, you want to put some more details around those two questions.
William H. Spence: Yeah. Yeah. So, I think where we sit today in the 65% to 70% range is, I think, a comfortable range for us to continue to be in. So, I think as Vince and I have stated in the past, we'll continue to look for opportunities to modestly raise the dividend, particularly as we're going through a fairly large CapEx spending program and post that large program look to see if we could enhance it even more. But I think where we are in terms of the dividend payout ratio today is fairly consistent with our new peer group, and we're fairly comfortable with it.
William H. Spence: So, I think on the previous calls, we've really just talked about it being flat earnings through the 2017 period. And beyond that, beginning in 2018, we'll kind of assess as we go forward. Obviously, a key, in terms of earnings, for bringing back to the U.S. is going to be what the FX rates are, the RPI. There'll be a lot of other moving factors that could help or hurt the projection of earnings per share coming from the UK. So, I think it's a little early to make any significant projection at this point.
William H. Spence: We're always managing as efficient as we can. But I think to the extent that inflation is driving the RPI down, that could have a ripple effect – a positive ripple effect on our cost of maintaining the networks through lower contracted cost for either labor or material. So, yes, it could have a potential offset.
William H. Spence: I think with the regulatory mechanisms we now have in place in Pennsylvania and Kentucky, our ability to earn near the authorized levels is greater than it's ever been, quite honestly. And so, I think the regulatory lag is minimal, probably, looking forward. And I'd also point to the fact that in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky, we're using forward test years which is the first time we've done that, historically. So, I think, those, combined with the regulatory mechanisms that we have all would suggest that we should be able to earn near the authorized levels with pretty minimal regulatory lag.
William H. Spence: I think, in Kentucky, probably not because, number one, we're going to have to comply with the Clean Power Plan as talked to earlier on the call, which probably will drive some different decisions that are not incorporated in the plan today. In Pennsylvania, that potential depending on the outcome, how strong the outcome is of the current rate case would be a possibility. But until we get the outcome from the rate case, it's kind of hard to tell at this point.
William H. Spence: Soon, we'll be asset realized. I mean we are continuing to spend CapEx in the business, and so there is higher depreciation resulting from our additional spend. But just due to the engineering study that resulted in the asset realized, that the amount of $0.10 per share year-on-year change.
William H. Spence: We indicated what we have built into our plan at this point. I believe we laid those numbers out on the last call. And if you go to slide 9 in the deck, you can see there for 2015, it's $125 million; 2016, it's $122 million to $130 million; in 2017, $80 million to $100 million; and 2018, $60 million to $90 million. So, the upper ends of those ranges would be kind of our expectation of kind of the upper end of the outperformance. It's not necessarily the maximum, but it's kind of our guesstimate, if you will, at this point or best estimate of the ranges that we will likely fall into.
William H. Spence: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today and appreciate the questions and look forward to speaking with you on the next earnings call. Thank you, operator, as well.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So, Julien, let me cover your tax question. So, the spin, as I think you know, was designed to be a tax-free spin, so the $875 million loss was a pre and post tax number. There was no tax consequence of that, so the whole thing was treated as a tax-free transaction. So, really, no impact on our future tax position. I think extending bonus is probably the biggest item that would favorably, actually, impact our tax position going forward.
Vincent Sorgi: We did, Julien. We did shift some hedges from 2015 now into 2016 and 2017. The total impact for 2015 is about $0.035.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. I would expect the next few years to look – if you look at that cash available for reinvestment line, that $250 million, I would suspect it will be around that level improving a little bit over that period. Don't forget, we also had net about $130 million that we received from supply. So, that'll go away in the 2015 number, and that'll be replaced by the higher dividends from the UK. So...
Vincent Sorgi: Good morning, Paul. So, yeah. So, what happened was, we need to do an estimate of fair value at the date of spin, and then, compare that to the book value. And what we did was we used the combination of thee different valuation methodologies, basically two market approaches and one income approach which is a discounted cash flow approach. One of the market approaches was the use of a Talen market value of their equity as of the spinoff date which was the last day, as you know, of their when issued trading period. And so, that number – and we waited about a 50% weighting to that because it was publicly available information. And that was a lower number than we were expecting to end up at the end of when issued. So that, I think, drove some of the decrease in fair value, say, since year end and then just power prices have come off in PJM. So, I think when you look at the DCF, that was lower and the market approach was lower than what we were expecting combined resulted in about a $3.2 billion fair value against the $4.1 billion book value.
Vincent Sorgi: So, there was $0.10 year-over-year that represented about $0.06 better than expectation and yes, we have that. That basically continues going forward. So, that is in our updated guidance.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. So, I would say we kind of stay in the low to mid-teens out through 2019 would be our expectation. I think we're going out a little – a little too far even at that level, to be honest with you, to give you ROE projections. But still quite healthy ROEs as, I would say, even throughout RIIO.
