Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. In summary, we continue to deliver electricity and natural gas safely and reliably for our customers during the pandemic. We're on pace to close our strategic transactions within the expected time frames while making good progress on the integration and transition planning for Narragansett Electric. And we remain very excited about the opportunity we have in front of us to reposition PPL for future growth and success. With that, operator, let's open the call for Q&A.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. You cut out a little bit throughout that, but I think your question was how are we thinking about Rhode Island trajectory given the clean energy mandate there. So yes, the state has enacted a net zero by 2050 goal through Executive Board or with the prior governor had aspirations for a 100% renewable generation by 2030. That's the executive order, not legislation. However, we feel very positive and very comfortable about the opportunity in front of us to partner with the state to really help them reposition that great to be ready for those ambitious goals.  And we -- in our conversations, we've had many conversations with public officials up there around what our value proposition is to the state and why we think we're uniquely positioned to own these assets at this point in time. And to your point, Julien, I think what we've been able to create in Pennsylvania with -- we use the term grid of the future, utility of the future, with the automation and really having that grid setup for distributed energy resources and being able to not only be able to connect significantly more renewable energy behind-the-meter renewable energy, but to also to be able to have the insight and the ability to control those resources to ensure we can maintain power quality and stability of the grid.  And so as we've been talking with the constituents in Rhode Island, we've been stressing that we've already built a lot of what they are going to need to achieve those objectives. And obviously, doing it the second time is easier and faster than doing it the first time. And so we think there's an incredible opportunity not only to support their 2050 ambitions, but their 2030 ambitions, I think, are potentially achievable as well given what to do in Pennsylvania and our confidence in our ability to replicate that and [indiscernible].  So to your earlier point, and you mentioned a little bit here, your question, we need to -- obviously, we talked about that in our petition. And we've been very open in our discussions with the commission and the division as well as just some of the public officials. But to your point, we need to close on the transaction and then really work on the capital investment plans with both the division and the commission up there, demonstrate what we've done. We'll be doing that through the petition process, I'm sure, through [indiscernible] and testimonies.  And so we look forward to engaging with the constituents in Rhode Island to demonstrate our ability there. But to your point, we absolutely see that as an opportunity for us. But as importantly for the state of Rhode Island.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I don't think we have much in terms of further details to talk about versus what we talked about in March when we announced the transactions, we do continue to explore various options for the best use of the remaining proceeds we will certainly update the market at the appropriate time when we make a decision on that. In terms of M&A, that's one of the options that we will look at.  We continuously look at M&A opportunities, as you know. I think our track record has demonstrated a disciplined approach there. Including the 2 transactions that we did with National Grid, both on the valuation we got for WPD, but the valuation that we paid for arrogance and both of those demonstrate a lot more discipline. And so we will continue that disciplined approach as we look at potential strategic acquisitions with the remaining use of proceeds.  But there's also opportunities that we're looking at for, potentially, further investments in the utility. We talked about the opportunity in Rhode Island, but we'll also continue to look at those opportunities in Pennsylvania and Kentucky additional investments in renewables. We talked about that in March as well. I think when you look at the Biden's plans, both infrastructure plan and the clean energy plan, that will certainly continue to be a tailwind for renewable investment, and we think we're poised very well to take advantage of that with our distributed energy resource group.  And then potentially share buybacks could be, again, the use of those proceeds, but we'll -- again, that kind of creates the base case that will look at these other opportunities. And I'll just stress, Julien that we'll continue to be disciplined in that analysis and work with the Board on those various options. And then, of course, we'll update the market when we make but I think the key for us is maintaining that level of discipline, which I think we've demonstrated a track record.
Vincent Sorgi: Well, again, Paul, I think -- we certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of putting those investment plans together after we make the acquisition, we do certainly think there's potential opportunity to deploy more capital than what was being spent previously, especially if the state launched to meet some of those more aggressive targets in that '20, '30, '35 time frame. And then the challenge for us, which, again, we think we're up to the challenge, but what we'll have to do is work with the Division and the Commission to show a path to make that investment in a way that remains affordability for the state, and that would likely come from being more efficient on the O&M side that would enable that investment without necessarily driving up customer rates significantly.  So that's the opportunity, Paul, to be honest. And we just need to work through the details with both the Division and the Commission in the state once we pose the deal.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. Our willingness to add more coal to the portfolio, we really, I think, depend on the specific asset, Steve, and whether or not there's a clear transition plan for those coal assets. We are very mindful of our ESG profile. So that would certainly be something that we would take into consideration, both from management and the Board as we evaluate any particular M&A transaction, it would be our ESG profile. So but I would say that's probably very asset specific, whether or not we would be willing to take on more coal.
Vincent Sorgi: Great. Thanks again for joining us on our first quarter call, and everybody, have a great day. Thanks so much.
