Paul Farr: Okay. One of the reasons why obviously beyond just having rate case filings, that we expect for next year like we have multiple fronts. Clearly, the commodity markets are dynamically changing, and the environmental regulations stays obviously make it difficult to predict earnings on an intermediate forecast basis. I would expect as we look at current forward collar prices that we would be able to offset much of the decline that could come from margin declines with rate regulated earnings growth, that would be a combination of those rate case filings I've talked about, the ECR spending in Kentucky the, normal formula rate adjustments that we've got coming through the FERC jurisdictional transmission in Pennsylvania Electric Utilities, as well as obviously in this year in 2013, on an annualized basis starting April 1, I talked about the 9.5% revenue increase for that asset base, and that's going to continue to grow in '14 and beyond. I'd expect we'd be able to offset much of it. The question is obviously what happens between now and the time that we layer in the hedges that secure most or all of 2013, which I wouldn't expect to happen until we move further in the year, obviously. And then '14 as we've talked about in the past, is fairly open. So it just depends upon on what happened in those commodity markets. I think, For what we have control over, we've executed very well in terms of the rate case filings and the settlements in those areas, and I'd expect we'll do the same in '13. The thing that we don't have control over is the commodity markets.
Paul Farr: I think also we've got for 2012, we've got about between actual results, where the currency rates are locked, and the hedges that we've got in place, about 82% of budgeted total year earnings are hedged from a U.K. standpoint. But there's a little bit of an open position there. Interest rates can move on as they can affect the index link bonds in the U.K. I think it will clearly take a combination of significant items to move us to the top or bottom end of the range. But we felt like given the very -- Bill mentioned weather, the weather was a fairly significant headwind for us in the fourth quarter. Very temperate in both Pennsylvania and Kentucky. It's been very temperate in Jan, Feb so far. So we just felt it was prudent to give a range that if a combination of items were to hit us, the range would be broad enough to accommodate those items.
Paul Farr: In 2012, that would get us on the Pennsylvania Regulated front, and I'll leave the U.K. to the side, because we've talked about the U.K. in the past and where we get the below the double digits to middle double digits unlevered and get into the low 20s on a lever basis. Everything is pretty much fully unplanned on that front. We were in the -- with the benefits of -- which almost $0.04 of bonus depreciation benefit in Pennsylvania, get in the 10% to 11% in '11, I would expect with that not recurring and with the spending plan, what we've got for the customer and reliability initiative we talked about that we'd be in the mid-single-digit range for Pennsylvania electric. And then in Kentucky, it's going to be in the 8-ish percent range, factoring in at the operating companies and not factoring in goodwill or anything like that, given where we expect the spending plans in those businesses to be as well.
Paul Farr: When I look at the O&M across the board, of course, you're focusing on Slide 17, and leave International Regulated off, pension year-over-year domestically is $0.03 just in terms of rounded out in full. It's another $0.01 in the U.K., so it's a total of $0.04 from an ongoing earnings perspective related to the pension. Everything else would relate to either movement or higher levels of power plant outage experiences in both Kentucky and in the Eastern fleet, as I've mentioned in my comments. And then inflationary spending around wages and other benefits and things like that. So those will be the biggest drivers there. There are specific [indiscernible] related items in Kentucky, there are customer service initiatives and responding to an audit that we went through last year in Kentucky that requires some cost support, there's the initial reliability base measures that Bill talked about in the Electric Utilities that are several cents a share, as well. So it did -- only about $0.04 in total globally in pension, $0.03 domestic.
Paul Farr: In 2012 it was GBP 18.7 million, so annualized from April -- and that was based upon the results through March 31, 2011, probably a test year or accomplishment year. We would expect, so that would affect revenues from April 1, '12 through 3/31/13. We would expect to basically at least double that amount for the next year that would be ending here come March 31, '12. So from April 1, '13 through March 31, '14, it's from instead of $30 million, it's closer to $60 million.
Paul Farr: We don't really formally have a policy. We focus very heavily on clearly ensuring that the rate regulated utilities can more than fully cover the dividend. What I'd say is that we're trying as best as we can to grow the dividend, but at the same time, we've got very significant growth opportunities and capital and capital that we can deploy in areas where we earn basically immediate recovery. So I would expect when you look at that kind of a trajectory of earnings of the rate base and therefore, net income growth in the regulated utilities, it will be at a fraction of that. Whether it's 1/3 of that amount or 1/2 of that amount, I'm not entirely certain. There is an element that does depend upon as things kind of fall into line around the fundamentals around supply. We do consider supply, I know that's not as probably as specific as you want, but we don't target a specific payout ratio.
Paul Farr: Yes. That's saying we're at $350 million for 2012 as we have kind of discussed previously. That includes $75 million related to the DRIP and management comp, so it will be an incremental $2.75 of issuance. If the commodity market stays soft, I could see that staying at that level for the next couple of years when markets look a little better. We're looking at amounts less than that over the next couple of years. So that'll be a little bit dynamic, but I wouldn't see it moving materially at all from the $350 million over the next several years.
Paul Farr: Yes. And I've talked about at a high level on my remarks, this is Paul. Let me kind of go through it segment by segment and tell you what's in Other. In International Regulated, that $0.11, $0.06 is depreciation, and $0.05 is taxes, income taxes. In the $0.10 of Other, in Supply, it's about $0.03 of depreciation, $0.03 financing, $0.02 nuclear decommissioning trust earnings being lower, and then $0.01 of truly other. Pennsylvania Regulated, o$0.01 of depreciation and $0.03 to $0.04 related to bonus depreciation that I talked about that wouldn't continue into '12, because the way the Pennsylvania interpretation was worded. And then in Kentucky Regulated, the other $0.02 of depreciation and $0.01 is a mix of other items.
Paul Farr: Given the coverts, we move from 550,000, 553,000 to 586,000 in '13. Let me take a quick look, 586,000 -- I'm sorry, 586,000 in '12. So it goes 615,000 in '13. Now that does include a modest amount of additional equity, so the DRIP in the management comp is in there. So if you back off probably call it 10 million shares from that, you're closer to 610,000 and then in the year like in '14, you ask for, which is 664,000 you'd probably have to back off 20 million to 25 million shares from that. So you're closer to...
William H. Spence: Mark, this is Bill. I would say that for 2013, given that we're already over 80% hedged, we feel very good about earnings per share growth for '13 as we sit here today. I think Paul highlighted some of the other risks in '14 and beyond, that we're going to have to deal with. But the fact is with the mix that we have today, we are very much well positioned to combat something like this compared to where we were 18 months ago. So I think as we sit here today, we really feel great about the transformational acquisitions we've done and where we are relative to the commodity cycle.
William H. Spence: There were a couple of things there. Obviously, with the volatility in the commodity prices, even though we are substantially hedged, they're still of the intermediate and peaking units. They're open. There's still some unhedged baseload generation. That's clearly significant factor. With International, even though things are going very, very well and we're actually, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, forecasting net income well above even the upper end of the range we gave during the roadshow on the equity offering, we're still 9 months into the business, so there's potential variability there. Of course, with the economy being what it is, that's going to be a factor, in addition to weather, of course. So those are some of the factors that went through our minds as we looked at the range.
William H. Spence: But I would say we feel very good about the midpoint of the range and confident that, that's an achievable target.
William H. Spence: And I would say, Michael, the way I'm looking at it, about half of the increases year-over-year are driven by the normal labor escalation and the pension cost that Paul mentioned. The other 1/2 are initiatives specifically focused on customer service and reliability.
William H. Spence: Sure. And yes, you're spot on in terms of the cost of the mine mouth, if you will. And that is really a function of longer-term contracts that we had negotiated some time ago and many of those contracts have collars that limit the increases. Of course, they also limit the decreases as well in a very soft market. But we're seeing the benefits, at least in 2012 and 2013 ,of the strategy we put in place a number of years ago to lock in a substantial amount of the coal at very favorable prices.
William H. Spence: Sure. Yes, if you take a look at the slide and compare it to where we were at the end of the last quarter, on the 2012 side, expected generation in the intermediate went up from 6.2 gigawatts to 6.9, so that's substantial increase there. That is displacing, if you will, some coal generation, not so much on our own coal generation, but other less efficient units in the market. On the baseload side, you see most of the drop is in the East, although there is some drop in the West quarter-over-quarter. And for 2012, for example, we're at 46.2 gigawatts at the end of the last quarter and we're at 45.5 gigawatts in the East this quarter. That drop is really a combination of 2 things. One is more plant outages on the coal fleet but also less runtime, particularly in the off-peak hours from the coal fleet based on the current soft power prices.
William H. Spence: It's all down below. Even though it maybe running as baseload, we still categorize it in the intermediate to peaking area.
William H. Spence: Correct. We would not anticipate any change in the rate filing we would make, which we would expect to file at the end of the first quarter here, where the rates effective 1/1/13 for that base rate case. For the enhanced disc, if you will, this distribution infrastructure charge, we would expect to file that in the first -- hopefully in the first quarter of next year. It would not be combined with the base rate case. I think if you read the legislation, you know that you have to have it filed within the last 5 years to file this rate proceeding, which we will have had. So we would use that as the basis for the launching off point, if you will, for the disc.
William H. Spence: Sure. As I've mentioned previously, we do look to have a balance portfolio in terms of types of products that we -- and options that we use to hedge the fleet. So there is a combination of straight sales and West Hub that are just fixed-price. There is a combination of collars, and then we have retail, as well. At this point, the retail load is not a large piece of the hedge portfolio. It's growing, but it's probably one of the smaller pieces. It's really dominated right now, the hedges are, with fixed prices and collared products.
William H. Spence: Yes. That's so hard to predict. I don't think we have a feel at this point for whether it will be challenged. My guess is that like all these rules that have come before it, there will be some type of challenge. How it's challenged, I really can't say.
William H. Spence: Sure, I think as we've already begun to see, there's significant levels of switching going on now. And I would expect that to continue with the soft natural gas prices. For us, as I have mentioned in my opening remarks, our capacity factor on our gas units was up around 78% last year. And roughly, almost double what it was 2 years before that. So we are seeing with our fleet, and I'm sure others are, significant additional runimes. As gas continues to go down, if the margins continue to improve, there's clearly some upside for those of us that have the capability to use these gas assets.
William H. Spence: Well, I think that's heavily dependent not only on the energy price, but also on where capacity prices clear in the forward markets. I think if you look at current capacity prices that have cleared in the last few auctions, coupled with where energy prices are today. I don't think it would even clear the economic hurdles that you'd need to incent new generation. Having said that, as more coal units retire, certainly, the largest beneficiary from a technology standpoint are going to be gas-combined cycle units, and those typically take from on a greenfield site, you're talking about a minimum of 3 years between permitting and construction to put those into play.
William H. Spence: I was just going to note that we will probably -- when we substantially hedge more of 2014, we'll obviously add that to our slide deck in the future. But for right now, given that it's in that 10% to 20% range, we didn't think it was meaningful enough to put it onto the slide.
William H. Spence: Yes, of course, we'll see what the model tariff looks like from the PSC and any other provisions once they issue those. But on the Pennsylvania House Bill 1294, we do think there's an option there. You can either pick a forward test year or the disc-type mechanism. My understanding of it is, that it would be trued up on a quarterly basis, so you would file and there's a limit of up to 5% of your distribution revenues that can be filed under this, although you can ask for a waiver for additional, if you'd like. And we think that's a pretty substantial amount to go for, anyway. So I would think that we would file, as I mentioned earlier, some time early next year, and then we would probably lean towards the tracking-type mechanism more so than the forward test year, but we haven't made that determination yet. And that's just based on our early read of that. As it relates to Kentucky, we have not announced formally any plan to issue a rate or to file a rate case. Typically if we were to do so, we need to file that about 6 months in anticipation of the targeted date for implementation, 6 to 9 months in that range. As Paul mentioned, we're looking at ROEs in the 8 percentage range for this year, and we'll -- obviously, that's well below the authorized rates, so we're obviously going to be looking at our plans for filing a rate case for next year in the next quarter or so. But we haven't made that decision yet.
William H. Spence: Yes. Correct, but I guess; assuming the 8% holds, I would say it's probably more likely that we'd file for rates to be effective 1/1/2013, but, again, we haven't made an official notice or filing yet.
