Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. As I mentioned at the outset of my remarks, 2021 was very much a transition year for PPL. It was about reimagining PPL and laying a firm foundation for the company’s future growth and success, and I believe we achieved just that. Looking forward, our focus is on completing the acquisition of Narragansett Electric and introducing a new PPL to shareowners, a PPL that is committed to delivering sustainable value for share owners, backed by one of the strongest balance sheets in the U.S. utility sector, distinguished by its best-in-class customer service. Committed to net-zero carbon emissions and well positioned to lead the clean energy transition, while maintaining affordable, reliable service for our customers. We look forward to sharing further details on our strategy and the exciting growth prospects for the new PPL at our Investor Day.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, sure. First of all, let me just say that we think we’ve met the standard for approval in the state, and we are looking forward to the decision coming out from the division. And Again, as we stated really from the outset of this process, we believe that PPL is uniquely positioned to serve lot customers at this point in time. When you look at our long history of providing energy safely, reliably, affordably for our customers, we consistently rank among the very best for customer satisfaction. We’ve been a clear leader in developing and deploying the kind of smart grid technology that’s going to be critical to helping Rhode Island meet their very ambitious decarbonization goals. And with the additional commitments that we’ve made, we believe the transaction is clearly in the public interest in Rhode Island. So I’ll just reiterate that we believe we’ve met the standard, and we’re looking forward to the decision.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Shar. I would say we don’t have a detailed update on that. We will provide a full update at the Investor Day. Really it’s important that we get through the regulatory process in Rhode Island, of course, we’ve made some commitments as part of the process to mainly to make sure we factor all of that into the proteins discussion, and we will update with the full update on the Investor Day call.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, sure, Paul. While it’s certainly possible that we will receive the decision as early as next week from the division, we’re not certain in that, and we are still in the middle of the regulatory approval process. And as we discussed on the third quarter call, we did want to reduce the uncertainty related to the anticipated reset of the dividend following the UK sale. And just without the firm time line for the Rhode Island transaction, we just felt it was appropriate to keep our normal cadence, which as you know, we would normally announce our first quarter dividend on our call, on our year end call. And so as we were contemplating whether to move from that normal cadence and potentially hold off the call. We also realized that if we didn’t do it today, we actually risk ended up doing it in 8K, which would not be the preferred approach, of course. So we wanted to make sure that we could provide an opportunity for questions around what we’ve said. And that was really the nature of the decision to announce it today versus leading. And then in terms of the second part of your question, as Joe noted, the Q1 dividend is based on our current operations only, and we would plan to increase that following the closing of the Narragansett transaction. And again, we will provide that full update once we close the deal and then conduct the Analyst Day for the investor call.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, Paul, I don’t really want to talk about some hypotheticals. We are really focused. Again, I will just go back to what I said to Shar, we think we have clearly met the standard for approval in the state with what we bring to the table in terms of our operating experience, the financial strength of our company, of course, commitments that we have made throughout the process there. So, we and National Grid are very focused on getting to closing. We spent the last year on transition planning, integration planning, hiring or getting 1,100 people like NFI and ready to start on day one. We are all very focused on getting this deal over the goal line and bringing real value to our line.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Look, Paul, I think based on the schedule that we have, right, the targeted decision date is the 25th. But we just – we recognize that there is a lot in this case through the written testimony Greece, the oral hearings. We just want to recognize the fact that the 25th is a target. And there is a lot that the hearing officer and the division need to get through. And so there has been no change in the 25th as the target. But we are just trying to be realistic that there is no guarantee that we are going to get.
Vince Sorgi: Sure. So, we have the next round of retirements, you may recall, in 2024. Based on our reserve margins, we don’t anticipate a significant need to replace generation for those retirements. The next group would be in 2028. We would need to replace the 2028 retirements. And so probably see capital start to be spent in the 2026-ish timeframe for that. And then the next round of retirements are this side of 2035. So, I think in 2034, ‘35-ish. And so you will see the capital in the early ‘30s to prepare for those.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, it’s a good question. So, as you know, we are incredibly focused on decarbonizing the overall generation fleet. But we you bring up a good point around the cost of natural gas versus the cost of coal. So, as we think about it, Michael, we will continue to look at how we best utilize the fleet to ensure reliability for the lowest cost for customers, but at the same time, decarbonizing, so that could be additional renewables – renewable PPAs or on renewals. We are always looking at – does it make sense to shift between natural gas and coal or so. And those are all things that we continue to iterate as we look at the decarbonization – the overall decarbonization strategy for the quality.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, we have done two rounds of smart meter deployment in Pennsylvania. We are doing our initial deployment in Kentucky. We are expecting that to be completed in 2026. And then you haven’t asked, but in Rhode Island, they don’t have smart meters, but that would be something we would be deploying very quickly after acquisition in as well.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Sorry, if I wasn’t clear on that with your earlier response. Yes, we think it would be 2022’s pro forma.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. Steve, I don’t think that the Attorney General has modified their original position as we come through.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, we have agreed to not file a rate case for a period of 3 years from the time of our [Technical Difficulty]. And so that I think in Rhode Island at 9 months, 10 months to get from a tiny file to the time to complete. So depending on when it closes, that can give you kind of when or…
Vince Sorgi: Yes, I will let Joe cover the details, but just high level, right. We wanted to make sure, again, this is a broader strategic repositioning, obviously starting with – acquisition of Veeco. The dividend reset was a natural part of that. So, making sure that again, we have one of the strongest balance sheets. We want to make sure that the dividend is sized appropriately for the new businesses going forward and make sure that we are set up to be able to grow that dividend in line with earnings going forward. And we think we have positioned ourselves very well to accomplish all of that with where we set it. But Joe, if there’s any, you probably want to…
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, we would provide an update on that at the Investor Day based on the current schedule, which would support a March closing, as we have been saying. We would then target to have the Investor Day within a few weeks of closing. And so that potentially could put the second quarter dividend in play for the advances.
Vince Sorgi: So there is an appeal process, Anthony. Certainly, we are focused on getting the approval done. It really depends on what would be in the order. So, it’s really hard to predict what our next steps would be, could potentially be DOE filing. And then we also have the option to appeal, but really speculating at this point. We are hopeful that we have met. Again, we think we have met the standard for approval and we are hopeful that, that decision will come out in our favor when it comes out.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, we are not providing really growth targets for any parts of the business at this point, but we will provide full updates on all of that on the Investor Day. To Joe’s point, we recognize that we have been in this kind of point between selling WPD and closing Eco without providing a lot of financial detail and we commit to doing that on Investor Day, but we are not ready to do that.
Vince Sorgi: Thanks. And I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We certainly look forward to introducing the new PPL to investors. We remain very confident as we have talked a little bit today that our strategic repositioning will deliver long-term value for our shareowners. We do see robust capital investment opportunities going forward to deliver clean energy future. That investment will fuel competitive earnings and dividend growth going forward and we believe we can deliver that clean energy future in a way that’s affordable to our customers with no equity needs in the foreseeable future given the strength of our balance sheet. So again, we are – we look forward to seeing you all at the Investor Day and providing all the details that I know you are looking forward for the new PPL. Thanks, everybody.
Joe Bergstein: Yes. No. I think the costs associated with the strategic repositioning were normal and interrelated to the Narragansett acquisition, really, the amount that’s associated with Kentucky is really immaterial. Nothing related to any strategic colonic Kentucky. It’s all essentially for the Narragansett acquisition.
Joe Bergstein: Well, we will get into the total use of proceeds and any – and how that’s utilized when we get to the Investor Day.
Joe Bergstein: Yes. So, it’s included in our corporate and other segment, Steve, and we don’t break it out from that as part of that, it’s really not material to the overall PPL Corporation earnings, and it’s just not a level of detail that we provide given its materiality.
Joe Bergstein: Ryan, we have said for a while that we would set the dividend at 60% to 65% of earnings. And with the dividend announcement today, we are in that range on the base business as we move forward and include Narragansett in the forecast and provide the update, we would expect to continue to have dividend in the 60% to 65% payout range.
Joe Bergstein: Yes, it will be a comprehensive update, Ryan. We haven’t provided a lot of information since the sale of WPD. We have recognized that. We have repositioned the company significantly and we are going to – we will provide a lot of detail on the new PPL including the growth rate and the duration of the growth rate. So, we will hold all of that for now until we get there, but you should expect a detailed update at that time.
