Paul Farr: Thanks, Jim and, good morning, everyone. Let's start with Slide 6 to review our third quarter results. Third quarter earnings from ongoing operations were higher than last year primarily due to the performance of our newly acquired utility. These positive drivers were significantly offset by dilution resulting from the common stock issued in April of this year to fund our central networks acquisition, lower margins on our Supply segment and higher storm restoration expenses in our Pennsylvania regulated segment.  While there's no comparator for 2010 performance for Kentucky, because that acquisition didn't close until November 1 of last year, I'd like to remind everyone that the Kentucky segment earnings include the operating results of KU and LG&E, holding company cost of LKE, interest expense associated with the 2010 equity unit issuance and dilution of $0.03 per share.  Let's now move to the international segment earnings drivers on Slide 7. Our international regulated segment earned $0.22 per share in the third quarter, a $0.10 increase over last year. This increase was due to the operating results of the Midlands utilities, including interest expense of $0.02 per share associated with 2011 equity unit issuance, higher earnings in WPD's legacy businesses resulting from higher Delivery revenues primarily due to higher prices, partially offset by higher pension and other operating expenses, higher income taxes and dilution of $0.04 per share.  Moving to Slide 8. Our Pennsylvania regulated segment earned $0.05 per share in the third quarter of 2011, a $0.03 decline from last year. The decrease was the net result of higher delivery margins primarily due to the distribution base rate increase that went into effect on January 1, higher O&M primarily due to higher storm restoration expenses and dilution of $0.01 per share.  Turning now to Slide 9, for supply. This segment earned $0.36 per share in the third quarter of 2011, a decrease of $0.18 per share compared to last year. Lower Q3 earnings were driven by lower energy and capacity pricings in the East and higher-delivered coal prices partially offset by higher margins on full requirements sales contracts and higher baseload generation, higher income taxes and finally dilution of $0.07 per share.  On Slide 10, we've updated our projected 2011 free cash flow before dividends. The change in cash from operations since the second quarter earnings call is driven by slightly higher expected operating results and a change in working capital, including lower expected return of collateral from third parties. Cash flows are also impacted by lower projected capital expenditures, primarily in the Kentucky regulated and Supply segments.  Turning to Slide 11. Our dividend clearly remains the key element of total share owner return. And as we outlined here, the current dividend is covered out of rate-regulated business earnings. The combination of the Midlands acquisition and the growth prospects of our utility businesses that Jim mentioned clearly permit us flexibility to look at dividend growth.  Moving over to Slide 12 now. And as we indicated, we would do in the second quarter earnings call, we're providing some modeling parameters for the enlarged WPD related to future earnings. I'd like to remind everyone that we provided WPD net income figures for 2011 to 2013 to the roadshow materials earlier this year. Let's begin with revenues, which are projected to increase by an average of 5.5% per year plus inflation for the balance of the price-controller [ph] period that ends March 31, 2015, plus any annual incentive awards earned through performance.  After achieving the Midlands integration efficiencies from that acquisition, most of the operating cost should increase with inflation, although depreciation expense will increase at a higher rate due to increased levels of capital investment. Pension expense is expected to increase from GBP 20 million in 2011 to GBP 50 million by 2013 and then decrease modestly thereafter. In calculating interest expense, most of our debt is fixed-rate debt except for about GBP 365 million that is inflation-linked. I would expect that we will maintain our current cap structure as we grow the U.K. rate base and balance sheet, which is comprised of 65% debt-to-RAV at the Yacos [ph] and 80% debt-to-RAV at the holdco [ph] levels.  And for the foreseeable future, our consolidated effective tax rate is expected to be about 24% for that segment. Combining new drivers with a foreign currency translation rate, you should be able to reasonably determine the international regulated segment's future earnings contribution. Again, we provided the projected net income figures for 2011 through '13 back earlier this year when we announced the deal and subsequently issued the equity using a $1.60 per sterling translation rate. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill for an update on operations.
Paul Farr: No, it should be a positive delta because the outcome at WPD legacy, net-net decrease was, I believe, offset by the increase that we saw at Midlands. Midlands saw improved performance from the prior owner that we inherited as this outcome.
Paul Farr: It's included in the results for Q3. There was $0.01 or $0.02 of impact in EU within the quarter that was again in excess of -- from an expense perspective, in excess of the insurance limits under the policy that we got for that program. So we would expect to carve out that, plus the impact that we're going to experience here in Q4 within Q4. And again, we'd expect to defer the cost. In fact, there was a filing already made for the Irene cost, and we'll be making likely a subsequent filing for deferral for the Halloween storm.
Paul Farr: We wouldn't expect, Paul, that we have a material adjustment to our forecast of the CapEx until we get out until at least '13 or early '14, just given the amount of activity that's currently going on in transmission work both with respect to Susquehanna-Roseland, as well as several other material projects like -- I wouldn't expect in terms of the impact on the lag that we'd see that; one until we get it approved as part of a filing next year for our D rate case, and then two, until we adjust the actual CapEx spending plan.
Paul Farr: We had thought back in April, I think the numbers we outlined was $109 million of cost this year and $36 million next year. So it's going to be around $145 million. 85% of that number was going to be roughly be redundancy cost, and the balance will be basically IT infrastructure spending plus a few other items. And as Jim mentioned, I think we'll come in at modestly below the cost expectation for both this year and next. And that I would expect that we would be able to slightly or modestly outperform some of the synergy numbers that we outlined, given that the amount of cost that we're taking out is slightly ahead of plan as well.
Paul Farr: Yes, very. And again, I think you need to factor in the comments that I made back and it was -- might have been Kit that asked. I forget who that -- we did not embed the $40 million pretax of revenue bonus for the '13, '14 fiscal year in those numbers. And then again, yes, we're going to be slightly outperforming on a cost basis. Now we do at the local entity levels end up capitalizing quite a bit of cost for construction-related activity, so it doesn't all fall to the bottom line. But there should be some tailwind to those numbers that we provided.
Paul Farr: And to profile, I guess we'd expect to likely close out by the end of the year. We did open up the book a bit to take advantage what we see as an opportunity for some improvement in '12 pricing.
Paul Farr: Yes, when you look at the effective gas prices that the hedges are at, I would think that's reasonable. Obviously, total margins are dependent upon power and that curve is in contango. And as Bill mentioned, we're pretty much fully opened in the East from '14 and beyond. So generally, I would expect that just marking it to a curve and with what we think will happen and what we've already booked in terms of added outcomes and capacity auctions, I think that's pretty accurate.
Paul Farr: When announced the transaction, it was $0.10 to $0.15. I think we're probably moving slightly ahead of that, the midpoint of that figure at this point. But I would expect that range to hold. We're maybe at the upper end, but that's the range.
Paul Farr: Yes, very consistent with what we've done in the past. And that is as we approach the end of the year and get into the beginning of a year, we try to be approximately 75% hedged on translating that year's earnings, so we can provide a narrower guidance range. We're basically at those levels already for next year. We've done a decent amount of color. If we mark those all at the floors of the colors, probably in the -- what we have hedged in the $1.59-ish type range for next year on that 75%, we use $1.60 for sterling in the net income numbers for '12 that we gave in the roadshow materials. So pretty much right on top of that. You can see where we sit today at a $1.60, $1.61 where we stand from a frontline basis. So we're right in line with those numbers.
James H. Miller: Well, it's hard on the coal contract, rail contract first, really hard to predict at the moment. We are, as you pointed out, in negotiation. So I really prefer not to comment on that. But on the hedges for 2014, we do have an open book for 2014. I think we're going to wait and see how that CSAPR regulations really translate into market prices, as well as keep a close eye on natural gas prices, and I think we'll have a better feel for that, of course, once we get into early 2012.
James H. Miller: No, I think, Kevin, the plan that we filed both with respect to the certificate that Bill mentioned for the gas-fired generation, when you combine that filing with the IRP and with the ECR, everything that we've contemplated in that consolidated set of filings brings together the lease costs compliance program for the consumer. If we were to retire more generation on an NPB basis, that would result, in our view, in a much higher cost for the consumer. And that last plant that cleared the hurdle, if you will, in terms of making retrofits, again on an NPB basis, would not result in the most economic decision on the behalf of the customers. So I think we're in good shape there. So as it relates to the consumer end of it, it's the right decision and we're simply going through that ECR filing, we'll get the certificate in April of next year. But the ECR should be done by mid-December this year. And that -- those hearings are going to take place in the next couple of days here, that 2-day hearing starting on the 9th of November fully as expected. So that's pretty much by way an update.
James H. Miller: I mean, the ROE is susceptible to being addressed. But again, as we look at where the movements have gone, both with respect to the GRC ROEs and the ECR ROEs, they've moved on a modest basis over past cycles. And we wouldn't expect anything different here.
James H. Miller: Yes, we got the results signed off by Ofgem in September. And on a consolidated U.K. basis, it's approximately $30 million that will begin to be collected April 1 of next year through 3/31 of 2013, slightly ahead for both the WPD legacy component, as well as the acquired utility as to what we thought would be our -- then again, recognize that we got a substantial amount, I believe it was almost GBP 50 million of upfront revenue bonus for the legacy WPD property in the filing for accepting tougher in the press control review decision by accepting tougher targets. So it'll be you have to combine, for legacy WPD, both the upfront award and the interim bonus to be able to get the total award, if you will.
James H. Miller: Well, for both utilities, we [indiscernible] signed off on in September of last year is being earned April 1 this year to 3/31 of '12. That will fall away then, and then the bonus outcome that was awarded or determined, if you will, in the September sign-off this year will kick in and will begin to earn those revenue bonuses. We actually have a chart where you'll see the revenue bonuses for legacy and for Midlands that goes back over the past, I think it's 6 or 7 years.
James H. Miller: Well, I think, it's hard to tell. But we like the current form. I think it's in good shape for what we had hoped to achieve. And I think our expectation would be to get something that looked more like [indiscernible] formula rate-type mechanism in place. But until we see the final bill and it's approved by the governor’s office, we'll make subsequent filings and adjust as we need to.
James H. Miller: And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, and Paul reiterated, we would expect to be close to 100% by the end of the year.
James H. Miller: If you look at the energy-only, setting aside capacity for a moment, the energy-only and the average hedge prices for '12 and '13 are pretty consistent. So energy-only would be, if these prices hold, would be relatively flat, and then you're left with capacity price increase.
James H. Miller: Okay. Well, I thank you all for joining us this morning. I know there's a number of calls this morning. So we feel very good about a strong quarter and working towards finalizing this year's earnings. And we're very pleased with our status of our acquisitions. And as well, we're very pleased with the potential we see in the U.K. for our bonus situation. So thanks again, and see you at EEI.
William H. Spence: Sure. As we mentioned on the previous call, we had planned about $40 million in the marketing and trading arena and we were slightly ahead of that coming out of the second quarter. We added to that probably another $10 million to $20 million during the third quarter. So the favorable market conditions gave us some opportunities, particularly around our mid-merit assets. As Paul mentioned in his opening remarks, the low-volume contracts that we had performed better than expected, even though they're fairly small compared to -- and we have had very positive experience with our retail book. You may recall that we started more aggressively selling in the PPL and other Pennsylvania territories locally here to mass-market as well as C&I customers.
William H. Spence: Well, I think it does add a considerable amount of weight behind our project. And there's just a few projects that are included on that list and we're happy that ours is one of them. But I think it illustrates the importance of that line to the regions. So we feel good about it, and think it is a real positive.
William H. Spence: Yes, we did lower just slightly by about 6% overall. That just really reflects minor adjustments that reflect our view on market and dispatch conditions. Nothing really more than that.
