Vince Sorgi: Thank you, Joe. As I said at the outset of my remarks, I’m excited about the prospects for the new PPL. Through our strategic transactions, we’ve positioned the company to deliver consistent, sustainable, top-tier returns for our share owners, and exceptional results for our customers. We look forward to seeing many of you during our upcoming marketing events over the next few months, as we continue to share our story. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions.
Vince Sorgi: Yes, sure. So for the most part, we think the act is positive for the company. First, the ability to elect the production tax credit instead of the ITC for solar will improve economics of our self-build options as we look at renewables as a potential source of replacement generation in Kentucky. In addition, the extension of the renewable tax credit should lower the cost of renewables overall. That will be good for not only our RFP process in Kentucky, but also our customers in Rhode Island as we procure clean energy to meet the 100% renewable energy by 2033 requirement that was just enacted into law up in Rhode Island. As you know, we are now a federal cash taxpayer. So we’re not anticipating the 15% AMT provision to have a significant impact on our business, so no real headwind there. And then I just think the transferability provisions around tax credits, also makes it more likely that renewables will be built. And that will also be good in general for the industry and for accelerating our clean energy transition, simplifies the structure of the deals significantly.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, there could be various filings that we will need to make. It will really depend, Durgesh, on the generation replacement strategy. So, to the extent we are – we are going to be building generation. We will need a CPCN for that, and that will go into the Commission. There will be a period of months’ approval process. There is no statutory requirement on that, but it will take some months for the commission to get through that. If it’s through PPAs for renewable energy, those contracts also require approval from the Commission. And so the form of the filings will take shape depending on the ultimate generation source that we come up with in terms of that replacement generation, but both generally will require filings.
Vince Sorgi: It’s incremental to the $12 billion in the 5-year CapEx plan. We do have $1 billion to $2 billion of CapEx for generation replacement in the $27 billion that we showed through 2030.
Vince Sorgi: I mean obviously, it will help the economics around that business. Again, it’s a very small component of our overall business. So, I don’t see it turning Safari into a material driver of our earnings in the near-term. But obviously, it will simplify the deal structures and make those projects more economic.
Vince Sorgi: But it’s good. We are glad to see the reduction in the rate just for general business purposes. It’s good to see for sure.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, as we have discussed, the – if you look at the disclosure that we provided on the Investor Day and you take the benchmarking metrics that we had just for the T&D operations, where EU was just outside the top quartile and Kentucky and Rhode Island were in the third quartile. The ability to move Rhode Island and Kentucky to where EU is today and then, of course, we are projecting to move EU into the first quartile, that is worth more than $150 million. In addition to that, we have the generation reductions that we are disclosing today. So the opportunity is more than the $150 million. The $150 million through 2025 is what we believe is achievable through 2025, given the integration efforts that are ongoing in Rhode Island, which takes a significant amount of attention and resources from both our company and National Grid to get all that done in the 2-year timeframe. So, that’s why we have indicated we believe there is further optimization opportunity beyond 2025. And if there is opportunity to extract more than that through 2025, we could see that either being used as a potential offset to inflationary pressures, if that continues to persist, and ultimately has an impact on our plan. To-date, it hasn’t had a material impact. But if that were to shift, we think that upside could help to offset that or it could provide upside to the EPS growth rate.
Vince Sorgi: Yes. So, the Good Neighbor Rule is basically the cross-state pollution rule. And so from our perspective, it’s really around back-end technology and the need for – so we still have a plant that’s scheduled to retire in 2034 that would require some back-end pollution control equipment under this proposed rule. And so Michael, what we would have to do based on the final language in that is determine, write the most economic way to address that regulation. And so it could drive that plant being retired sooner or it could require some other solution, but we really need to wait for that rule to be finalized to determine the best way in which we would address that. But it certainly could drive us potentially to retire that plant sooner than 2034.
Vince Sorgi: I don’t think so. I mean we are getting a number of responses. And so really, I think what you are describing is are we replacing 1,000 megawatts or 1,500 megawatts of coal capacity, and we will just stack the responses accordingly to come up with the most economic way to address either 1,000 megawatts or 1,500 megawatts. So, that’s how we are thinking about it. I don’t think we would have to run another RFP.
Vince Sorgi: So, as I think Joe discussed on our Investor Day call, we don’t have an imminent rate case in the plan for Pennsylvania. That is something we always look at when we look at all of our jurisdictions. Of course, we have committed to staying out of base rate cases both in Rhode Island and Kentucky, at least until mid-2025. We do not have that commitment in Pennsylvania. Again, based on the optimization strategy, we think we can hold off a bit in PA, but that’s something that we are always looking at when the best time to go in is. So, just to reiterate what Joe said, we don’t have anything imminent in the plan.
Vince Sorgi: Great. Thanks everyone for joining the call and we look forward to seeing many of you as we are out doing marketing over the next couple of months. So, thanks again for joining.
