Paul Farr: Sure, no problem. We were doing a routine inspection as required by the vendor and we found some cracking on some of the blades. Our initial root cause investigation would suggest that it's fatigue related. We're still looking into the details. But in an abundance of caution, we're actually going to replace all the rows, on any row that showed any blade fatigue or failure. So it's underway as we speak on Unit 2. And as I mentioned, in the remarks, we will be bringing down Unit 1 in the coming weeks and we'll inspect that unit as well.
Paul Farr: No, not at all. We're fully on track to meet our expectations for this year. I believe the total gross margin that we had in the plan was around $40 million for the year.
Paul Farr: Well, we actually wouldn't -- it would be -- it might be slightly positive to guidance. The way that the inflation adjustment works is we would basically take a 12-month rolling average, if you will, kind of July-to-July, August-to-August, it's all the way through December-to-December, averages at the back end of this year. So the front part of the year is helpful, but we need to see a continuation of that to see call it a ex plan or above plan outcome, that would start affecting revenues April 1 of next year.
Paul Farr: Sure. Really nothing significant, a big portion of the change is driven by the operating cash flow and the CapEx related to Midlands, which there's been no change. There's a small impact. I think it was around $150 million, $160 million from collateral change. I wouldn't view that as significant enough to drive any change in the financing plan. We've gotten -- we filed for a security certificate with the PUC, a few hundred million that we plan on issuing at electric utilities to your first mortgage bonds. We've got a refi coming up later in the year at Supply. As Jim mentioned, we're on the throes of issuing the ATCO [ph] financing for the U.K. debt. If the market is strong there, we may end up pre-funding a little bit of next year's need, but it's still within the range of what we've outlined to you in the permanent financing program, so no major changes.
Paul Farr: It includes all of that. Slide 19 includes the full amount of the CapEx that we're expecting to be seeking recovery for and the increase is driven by environmental compliance, so all of that would be ECR eligible in terms of the filing.
William Spence: The maintenance, the capital, the purchase power, all of the cost of the exercise, if you will, our financial impact of the exercise is $20 million to $30 million after tax with everything that we know right now.
William Spence: That's correct. And as I mentioned, with our strong first quarter performance -- out performance to our internal plan, we think we can fully manage the costs associated with the outage. But wanted to let you know that when you see a press release, the Unit 1 is coming offline, you would have the details in terms of the why.
William Spence: And relative to the industrial sales for the first quarter, we're pretty much right on track with what we expected.
James Miller: Yes, I think our expectation is a clearing price in Mac of around $150 to $200 per megawatt day. That assumes the transmission-related adjustments in the RPM modeling that PGM is undertaking as we speak or running the option, as well as about up to 6,000 megawatts of retirements. As it relates to retirements, we're pretty certain that 2,000 megawatts is a given. And there's another 4,000 that we would expect as part of our internal modeling. As far as rest of the pool, we would expect that to clear somewhere in the $30 to $50 per megawatt hour -- or megawatt day rather.
James Miller: Right, Steve. We're right on track. I don't see any variances of any material amounts so far compared to the rates we gave you.
James Miller: I think that's a combination of announced retirements prior to this most recent auction, as well as our best guess, if you look at the fleet that's out there and those that are most challenged by just the markets, in general, let alone the EPA regs. You add those in and you come up to the 2,000 megawatts. I'm sorry. I don't have the details on exactly which units those are but that's generally how they categorize.
James Miller: Sure, Carrie. We're right now sitting at about 24% for 2013. That's up a little bit from where we were at the end of the year. I believe we're around 15% in that zip code at the end of last year. So we've added on a few more hedges but we're at 24% as of today.
James Miller: I don't have that here in front of me, Carrie. We would normally provide all that detail at the time we announce earnings for 2012, in this case.
James Miller: Unless we have material hedges placed by then, for 2013, we would not likely update our charts and information until the third quarter.
James Miller: That's what we expect, right. And again, it's -- the front end of the year is not when we normally see significant utility load following auctions. We don't see seasonal spikes in gas. And one of the reasons why we have hedged up is we saw some nice improvement in the outyears as it relates to energy and so we took advantage of some of that. It's come back off and it's going back up. And as we see the seasonal storm pattern related and summer patterns impact things, we would typically be hedging more later in the year.
James Miller: Well, I would say probably go off for the lower numbers simply because the biggest chunk down in that number -- there were two things: it was the return of net of the U.K. movements, which were all just simply layering on the acquisition-related impact of their operations and CapEx needs was $160 million, $150 million return of collateral to counter parties that can go up or down; and then a decrease of $50 million in the expected income tax refund. And that's simply because rules got clarified better around what qualifies for bonus depreciation and what doesn't. That was the biggest driver there. So I would, again, adjusting for whatever your model indicates the operating cash flows x working capital would do whether that's the lower number, a different number based on how you're modeling the utility businesses and supplies margins, you've got to factor obviously both in.
James Miller: No, not at all. And as we indicated, when we successfully completed the equity offering, we wouldn't expect to be out other than the normal, small amount of kind of $50 million, $75 million in drift. We won't be out in the markets for stock not until late in 2012. So nothing outside of those comments that we've made that I would expect that would be -- it sounds like you're asking if there's something unusual. I don't see that.
James Miller: I'll take the dividend one and then Bill could take the industrial question. The normal timing for a dividend adjustment is the Board consideration of the dividend for the first quarter of next year. So the April dividend next year would be our normal cycle, not that we have to stick that, but that's the usual time of the year that we address the level of dividend.
James Miller: Yes, we've not given an earnings sensitivity, Ashar, because we started the year on the legacy WPD, so heavily hedged at around 75%. We are equivalently hedged on the operating earnings from our ongoing earnings on Midlands now, as well as the same amount. And given where the currency is, we're actually looking at hedging up even more. So I haven't -- we haven't given a sensitivity but we're getting to the point, where we're becoming not very sensitive. I would say that net of all the hedges, including some of the colors that we put on that I'd expect that we would be slightly ahead of the $1.60 per sterling that we had in the bid [ph] assumption -- for the forecast assumption.
James Miller: Well, we gave you the net income in the road show book. I thought I brought a copy with me of the net income. If you just take though every year of net income for '11, '12 and '13 for international, is that a $1.60? So divide those numbers, those net income numbers by $1.60, that will give you the midpoint, that will give you the sterling net income and then you can vary that a couple percent from the road show deck. Apology, I don't have it handy with me.
James Miller: Yes, the basis in the first quarter was slightly positive. We would continue to expect basis to remain flat, meaning zero for the year west up compared to our generation locations overall. So which is what we had assumed in our plan. So no significant change from what our expectations were.
James Miller: No, the change for -- one second, let me find my chart on that -- is driven by an expectation of some higher revenues versus year end based on some changes in inflation, currency exchange rates, it was several things that built into that.
James Miller: No, it's not weather-related on Kentucky. Net -- one second. Well, there shouldn't have been that significant a change in Kentucky. We'll check that, Ivana, and get you that through Joe and the team.
James Miller: It was several things that drove that. But the plants, the outage assumptions and all of the margin totality is in that number.
James Miller: In the quarter, it was a little more than a $0.01 and so I'd expect that to be roughly ratable for the year.
James Miller: All right. Thank you, operator. And thanks to all of you for being on the call, and we look forward to our second quarter call. Thank you.
