Paul A. Farr: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Before I provide details of the earnings drivers for the first quarter, I first want to discuss the equity financing that we completed in early April through a forward transaction. This offering, combined with our existing DRIP and management comp programs, fulfills the $350 million of equity need for the year that we have consistently communicated. We decided to issue the stock through the use of a forward contract in order to de-risk the equity exposure we had and accomplish that without affecting the expectations we set regarding share count and EPS for the year. In fact, the EPS impact is actually pushed out slightly beyond the late 2012 timeframe that we recently communicated to you. As part of our internal comprehensive risk management program and for the same reasons we had generation, output, fuel, interest rates, our currency for known exposures, we used this forward transaction to mitigate risk around our equity need. Beyond the de-risking benefit we also wanted to alleviate a potential overhang on the stock which several of you have recently voiced as a concern. Given the current state of commodity markets there has been concern that we may need additional equity beyond the $350 million previously communicated. We do not. The regulated acquisitions we completed, combined with modest amounts of equity to fund rate base growth, provide credit stability that will help us endure prolonged weak commodity markets. With that, let's move to Slide 8 to review our first quarter financial results. PPL's first quarter earnings from ongoing operations are down from a year ago, driven by $0.14 per share of dilution associated with the April issuance, last year, of common stock to finance the Midlands acquisition; lower energy margins at the Supply segment; and lower electricity sales due to the extremely mild weather experienced in our U.S. service territories. These negative drivers were significantly offset by strong operating results in the U.K., including the Midlands operations that we acquired April 1 of last year. Let's turn to the Kentucky Regulated segment earnings drivers on Slide 9. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.06 per share in the first quarter, a $0.09 decrease compared to last year. This decrease was primarily driven by lower margins due to lower retail electric volumes from mild weather, which impacted margins by $0.03, as well as lower op system sales. We had higher O&M primarily due to the increased scope of scheduled generation outages in 2012, higher depreciation due to higher plant and service and dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving to Slide 10. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.31 per share in the first quarter, a 15% increase over last year. The increase was due to the operating results of the Midlands utilities, net of interest expense associated with the 2011 equity units and higher delivery margins in our legacy WPD operation, primarily driven by the net impact of higher prices and lower volumes. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by higher O&M, including higher pension expense; higher U.S. income taxes; and dilution of $0.06 per share. Turning now to our Pennsylvania Regulated segment on Slide 11. This segment earned $0.06 per share in the first quarter, a $0.05 decrease compared to a year ago. This decrease was the net result of lower delivery margins of $0.02, primarily due to unseasonably mild weather; modestly higher O&M; higher depreciation, again due to higher plant and service and dilution of $0.01 per share. Moving now to Slide 12. Our Supply segment earned $0.27 per share in the first quarter, a decrease of $0.15 compared to last year. This decrease was primarily the net result of lower Eastern energy margins, driven by both lower energy and capacity prices, and partially offset by higher nuclear generation; higher O&M; lower income taxes, primarily due to a lower state effective tax rate; and finally, dilution of $0.06 per share.  And with that, by way of review, I'd like to turn the call back to Bill for the Q&A period.
Paul A. Farr: If I took the $0.03 in Kentucky plus the extra $0.01 of all systems sales, which also -- there was just outright demand destruction across many systems, it was about $0.04 in Kentucky and then $0.02 in EU, so a total of $0.06.
Paul A. Farr: Okay. I'd really break it into 2 component pieces, Kit. We will be getting incremental cash of roughly $2 billion over the next 2 years from the conversion of the converts. So that equity will provide a meaningful de-levering of supply and results in incremental cash to the company. On top of that, we think we'll still need the roughly $350 million per year, for the next several years, as we make our way, especially through the large rate-based build in Kentucky. And after that program is complete, the cash flows are relatively robust there. The CapEx programs, I would look at, kind of projecting forward, the levels of spend that we got in both EU and in WPD. There are strong opportunities and needs to put capital to work there, but the big build in Kentucky does have some finite into it. So I think we've got plenty of equity opportunity just given how we finance the 2 acquisitions, and then later in that $350 million per year that we've talked about, at least for the next several years.
Paul A. Farr: Just one second, I'll pull those numbers for you. So for '12 it's right around 585 million shares. For '13, around 615 million and for 2014, 670 million, roughly.
Paul A. Farr: No, it'll go beyond that, Paul. Primarily, rates relates to some correlation breakdown in our Eastern hedges. From a FAS 133 perspective, there's still very good hedges from an economic and risk perspective and so we'll match those periods as those contracts deliver, and it's 2012 and 2013 primarily.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, contemplated new equity. So it would be impacted by the converts converting as well as some amount of the incremental equity, for that, on an annual basis, as I mentioned.
Paul A. Farr: Yes, it does. For both the combined cycle, gas unit that can't run, as well as the ELS power acquisition.
Paul A. Farr: At this point, I don't anticipate that, no. Could it be? Yes, of course I can't say it couldn't be. But based on what we found on Unit 1 and the fact that the Unit 2 blades are relatively new, having been replaced last summer, I wouldn't anticipate that we're going to get into a situation that's significantly different from Unit 1, where we essentially replaced one row of blades. So that would be, in my view kind of the expectation would be if we get in there and find some damage. We'd be looking at replacing one row of blades.
Paul A. Farr: The blades are under warranty and until we determine the final root cause, we'll continue to work with the vendor and work those details out.
Paul A. Farr: No. Until the correlations would come back in, they couldn't be redesignated but the mark-to-market would start from the beginning of the period where the effectiveness reoccurred if we elected to put them under 133. Again, which we're not necessarily going to do. So in similar ways, to where we've had smaller amounts of ineffectiveness in the past, we've seen special items debits and credits up and down, this was larger than maybe some of those historical movements have been and that's why we called it out for you so you understood what was happening. It would match...
Paul A. Farr: Well, I mean ultimately all these contracts will go to delivery. We fully expect them to and we'll settle at the contracted prices, so the intervening mark-to-market up and down, which would normally be in the balance sheet, only that hits the P&L, we've carved it out. So you won't see the loss in the future either, if you will, in the same way that the benefit has been carved out, so would the movement back to contracted price.
Paul A. Farr: I would expect the mark-to-market on these to continue through contract delivery on these contracts. Correct.
Paul A. Farr: Okay, let me tackle the credit one and Bill can comment on the more strategic perspective of generation. From a credit perspective, as I indicated, we've got $1.15 billion that's converting in mid-'13 we've got $950 million converting in April of '14 related to the equity converts that we did as part of both deals. Effectively, what will happen is that equity happens at core, if you will, and will get injected into supply allowing supply to de-lever. The 2 rating agencies -- well I'll talk about the 3, but S&P -- I'll talk about 2 in the 3. S&P looks at PPL on a consolidated credit basis and so they look at consolidated FFO and consolidated debt. That movement down to supply would be, effectively, inconsequential to them, which is effectively taking debt that's at Supply and moving it up the core. And in all this, we're trying to maintain investment grade credit ratings, obviously for Supply, which enables us to get the liquidity at reasonable prices to do the hedging. For Moody's, they [indiscernible] for us on an entity by entity basis and I think -- I won't speak for them, but if we can maintain 20%-ish FFO at the debt metrics, I think we can maintain investment grade. We'd like to be more robust and I think, by the time we get out a couple of years, we'll see some of the fundamental benefits that Bill talked about in terms of power prices, in terms of tighter capacity margins and that will clearly provide opportunity for the fleet. So on a year by year basis, you could can look at things and they may look a little tight, but I think you can put it in a reasonable enough time horizon, and with the amount of incremental small equity needs that I talked about, year-on-year, we can manage through this.
Paul A. Farr: We'd probably look as things mature and as we're closing out the construction programs in the next 12 months or so, around both Rainbow and Holtwood, so that growth CapEx, if you will, kind of goes away. And our teams are looking very hard. I think we've talked about in the past the cutting of, roughly over the 5-year plan, around $500 million of CapEx from that segment. We're continuing, as power prices have come down, to continue to look at O&M and CapEx there to try to help alleviate some of the stress as well. The markets aren't viewing the value of the plants quite as highly and we'll have CapEx in line to make sure that they're available, but prudently available if these challenging markets -- as we make our way through that market cycle.
Paul A. Farr: Yes. Remember, Brian, under the new law, if you will, entities can't file for the DSIC until 1/1/13 and they need to have an adjudicated ROE to be able to make that filing. So the general rate case that we filed this year gets that piece of it done and then, from a timing perspective, we can file beginning 1/1/13 and we'd be looking to do that.
Paul A. Farr: Sure, we're in the same -- essentially, the same position we were at year end -- or on the year end call, about 10% to 20% hedged for 2014.
William H. Spence: Sure. Well, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are thinking that, at least at this point, the MATS and CSAPR impacts are not appropriately reflected. I think we'll probably learn a lot, Dan, potentially, from the capacity auction when the results come out and see what units are actually going to be retired. But beyond that, there is a point at which we're going to begin to hedge in. We won't leave it completely open until we get to 2014. So I think, as we've done in the past, we have a fairly disciplined hedging program. We have plenty of time, at the moment, to make those decisions and pick our spots when we hedge in. And I think, in the past, we've done a really great job of picking those times to hedge in. So I think we're going to have an opportunity, and if it gets too late in the process, we'll begin to selectively hedge in.
William H. Spence: Yes, Dan, we would expect that once this case is completed we would file for the DSIC and then, probably in future rate cases, we would use a future test period.
William H. Spence: Sure. I think what I'm really referring there to is the correlation between gas and power which had been historically in the last decade or so, very strong, is already beginning to break down. So you're seeing improved heat rates, particularly on gas units, of course. And what we're seeing there is the fundamentals of the power side beginning to take over just the strict correlation of the marginal fuel in PJM. So as more units are being retired and supply and demand come in to closer balance, we're really seeing the fundamentals of the power market driving power prices not just fuel input such as natural gas.
William H. Spence: Yes, we come from a combination of supply, which I referenced. And that was just a couple of cents of share from the lower effective state tax rate. The bigger driver, year-on-year, is going to come from the change in the business mix of the company. The U.K. effective tax rate for that segment is only 25% versus the other segment that run closer to 35% to 37%. So just the change in the business mix is going to drive a lower effective tax rate.
William H. Spence: First, we would absolutely replace the blades. We would probably not do a de-rate but I'll ask Dave DeCampli to talk about the timing of the Unit 2 outage.
William H. Spence: Yes, correct. I think for the summer months we're going to see the coal units return to their traditional baseload operation. I think, in the fall, of course it's all going to be dependent upon natural gas prices, as well as coal prices. But I would expect that we would see -- hopefully, if you see normal weather, you'd see more run time than we signed the first quarter. But with the current natural gas price to coal price relationship, I would expect that the capacity factors in the fall are going to be less than what we've historically seen. But probably not as bad as the first quarter.
William H. Spence: Yes, there is an O&M benefit when you're off-line and there's also a margin benefit when we are highly hedged, as we are. We're essentially able to buy power cheaper than we can produce it at those coal facilities. So there's a dual effect there, if you will, that did help us in the first quarter and could help us in the fall as well if we see similar conditions. As far as an exact number on the O&M. I don't know that it would be that material, that I could say that -- that would be measured in pennies, probably not nickels and dimes.
William H. Spence: Well, of course, it's all dependent on where we can place the power that otherwise was contracted for by southern Montana. But having said that, I would say, it's again, it's one of those things that's not extremely material. And as we mentioned we're maintaining, and are comfortable, with the midpoint of our earnings.
William H. Spence: I would say -- I mentioned, also, that Ironwood was out on an outage for some period of time. That still saw about a 76% capacity factor during the quarter. So I would expect, with similar conditions, that we would be at a 90% type capacity factor.
William H. Spence: It's a good question, and just to be clear, we don't expected it to, from an ongoing earnings perspective, have any impact on our business plan.
William H. Spence: Steve, we saw in the first quarter about a negative $2 basis. Obviously, there's the weather and natural gas prices and West Hub prices had a significant impact on that number. I guess, the drivers that I have mentioned on previous calls, that move the basis around, natural gas prices, transmission outages, new lines coming in, et cetera, all are still in play. And there is an awful lot of transmission work being done in the region, throughout the region. So I think our expectation is to still see some pressure on basis in the upcoming months and through the rest of this year. We'll have to reassess after the summer where we think basis is going to travel, but for now, we think that negative $2 is what delivered in the first quarter and it's going to continue to have some pressure. Now the good news, Steve, is that we've had some very effective hedges in place that have helped offset that for us. So from a impact to PPL, it was really neutral during the quarter even though -- had we been unhedged it would have been a negative $2.
William H. Spence: Sure. I mean, like a lot of folks, we have built up quite a bit of inventory but we still have room to go at our stations so it's not a pressing issue for us at this moment and many of our units are back online as we speak. So we're going to be bringing the coal power, probably down again, a little bit. But we've been pretty effective at, I think, deferring some deliveries. We worked very closely with our coal suppliers to really manage the inventories during this time. And then I think, in the West coal strip, it's a mine mouth plant so we don't have the same issues out there, in terms of inventory, as we do in the East.
William H. Spence: On your question on the competitive generation fleet. As I think about it, scale we have that; the mix of generation is very good; we're in a very good market here in PJM; very visible prices; and of course, a very good capacity market. And you have to keep in mind, even if we were not looking at the competitive generation, we still have 8,000 megawatts, over 8,000 regulated generation in Kentucky. So we have a sizable fleet with around 20,000 megawatts. So we do have the scale in good markets. And I think, as Paul mentioned earlier, we have the ability to weather the down cycles, now, in the commodity cycle because of the robustness of the Regulated businesses. So overall, I feel like it's a fit for the company, continues to be a fit for the company and a potential upside as we go into the future. And just a final note, from an environmental perspective, I think you're aware that on a competitive fleet side, we're very well equipped to deal with the MATS and the CSAPR. So we're not looking at any major new incremental investments on the environmental side.
William H. Spence: Well, I think we've got the rate case we just filed. We would expect the outcome January 1, rates to be in effect January 1. So I think we have to balance the company's needs with customer reaction to rate cases just one after another after another. So I think we have to keep that in mind and in consideration. Greg, I don't know if you have any other comments you want to make other than -- maybe you can comment on the DSIC and how we would approach the DSIC.
William H. Spence: And I think, Brian, what we would do is -- we'll look at -- when we get into next year, we'll look at the outcome from the current rate case. We'll look at the impact that the DSIC have on a timely recovery of our CapEx and where we project our ROE and then we'll make a decision at that time. So I'm not ruling out the possibility that we might not file another one but we just have to be mindful of the impact on customers and so forth.
William H. Spence: Yes, there are some considerations of that front. We have done some of that in the past and we'll continue to look at that as an opportunity.
William H. Spence: Well, I think that wraps up the call for today. Really appreciate everyone dialing in and look forward to talking to you on the next quarterly call.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, Paul. We're working very hard with our suppliers on a number of fronts, deferrals, altering the mix and consumption schedule for the balance of 2012 and making some adjustments. So we're calling it not material at this point because we're relatively in good shape for 2012's inventories.
David G. DeCampli: Yes, Anthony. The Unit 2 outage is scheduled later this month and we expect it to be somewhere around 20 days and that will be dependent upon what we find in the turbine. We do have the blades available on standby to replace. We've gotten rather efficient at the inspection process at this point. So we're thinking it will be somewhere about 20 days, depending on what we find once we get in the turbine.
David G. DeCampli: Call the inspection process the first 10 days, once the unit cools down and we gain access to it. And then the replacement will be very dependent upon whether we have to pull the turbine out of its saddle or not. And we'll have to do with the number of blades that we find cracked. So on the short end, it would be 20 days.
