William H. Spence: Thank you, Vince. Before we take your questions, let me just say that we had another strong quarter, and we remain confident on our plans for future growth. I believe today's actions are very important because they provide clarity and transparency in our response to the U.K.'s decision to exit the EU. By providing longer-term earnings expectations, our actions also illustrate the confidence we have in the strong business fundamentals of our seven high-performing utilities. It was clear to us that the volatility in our stock was correlated to changes in the pound, and the benefits of our financial hedges were not being reflected in our valuation. By monetizing those hedges, we have not only helped to secure our dividend growth objectives, but our earnings growth is also now clarified on a foreign currency basis that is more reflective of the current market. Clearly, Brexit was a unique event, but our positive view of the U.K. business model remains unchanged. PPL's senior management team is committed to delivering 5% to 6% annual earnings growth through 2020. The premium utility jurisdictions in which we operate provide us with confidence in our ability to deliver this growth. We will continue to build on this foundation, seeking additional ways to provide value to share owners and our customers. With that, operator, let's open the call to questions, please.
William H. Spence: Sure. No, I understand. So, just a couple of comments and then I'll turn it over to Vince. So, yeah, you're absolutely right. So the capitalization program for the U.K. is going to be different. So, as you recall in the past, we were looking at leverage at the U.K. holding company over time approaching 80% to 85%. That's more likely now to be down around the 75% level. That's going to give us about $1 billion, roughly, of headroom, if you will, for future investments from the U.K. once the exchange rates settle out and we look at the financial strategy for the U.K. going forward. So that's one – clearly one piece of it. Maybe, Vince, you can take the other elements of the question.
William H. Spence: Yeah, good question, Greg. No, we expect it to be relatively linear or consistent year-over-year and not lumpy or chunky over that 2017 to 2020 timeframe.
William H. Spence: Yeah. We're very happy with the performance. Obviously, we've got one full year behind us. We're into the second year, which started April 1, 2016. So I think the team in the U.K. is doing a great job. And I'll let Robert Symons, the CEO of our U.K. business, comment on kind of expectations going forward and what we've built into the plan here.
William H. Spence: Yes. So, Gregg, I would just say that the amount received for those two incentives was significantly higher than what we had originally expected. And so, we did update the incentives for that as well. It's about $10 million, $12 million or so.
William H. Spence: Yeah. It's really the last leg of the drop in the incentives that's driving this. And then we get through that in 2017 and you see the growth going forward.
William H. Spence: Sure. That's a good question. So we thought that the opportunity to cash out the hedges would allow us to provide that certainty on the dividend growth rate of 4% that we noted we are committing to or at least targeting, I should say, for the 2017 to 2020 period. So that was one of the real values of that. Plus it helps to offset from a cash perspective the lower amount that we would be repatriating back from the U.K. in light of the lower exchange rates. So, philosophically that was kind of how we looked at it. Vince, do you want to provide any additional color to that? But I think those are two of the main elements.
William H. Spence: I wouldn't think that there'd be anything of a significant or material amount. I think we'll continue to look to tweak the strategy and look for other optimization. But I think, at the moment, I can't envision something that would be very significant. But we'll continue to look at it.
William H. Spence: Yeah. We do have on our transmission group several projects we're pursuing. The one that we have talked about in the past is Compass. That's a very large – if you looked at all the phases, $3 billion to $5 billion potential project. The first phase, which is Western Pennsylvania into New York, would still be material. But most of those, Steve, would be pretty late in this decade into the next decade, so no real significant spending on those bigger projects until probably you get out to 2019, 2020, and even then it would probably be a slow build, and then really more significant in the 2021-2022 timeframe. But we continue to look at some competitive transmission projects both within PJM and outside of PJM, none of which are embedded in our guidance at all, so those projects would all be upside to the plan.
William H. Spence: Yes. So, when the impact of the pound was evident, we did have conversations with the rating agencies, and their initial report was to maintain the ratings with a stable outlook. And our commitment, obviously, as I stated earlier, to maintaining the investment-grade credit ratings is solid, so we wouldn't expect any significant change.
William H. Spence: Yeah, because it is such a unique event, it really doesn't change the view that we have about the strengths of the U.K. business mode, so we're not going to, obviously, overreact to any event like this. So, yeah, it really doesn't change our view of the business mix. As we stated before, to the extent that we would engage in M&A, clearly, we would probably look more significantly at domestic opportunities than we would opportunities in the U.K. But having said that, there are no plans to change the mix at this time.
William H. Spence: Yes, they are. I think we, again, have great confidence in the underlying fundamentals of that business and like all the attributes of the regulatory construct there that provides us recovery of and on capital as we deploy it. So I think the very positive attributes of that business really offset, to a degree, any type of downside we see. And again, we believe the Brexit was a unique event and we don't anticipate events like that coming along again in the future. But we are, yes, comfortable and the board is comfortable with the business model.
William H. Spence: Okay. I'd just like to thank everyone for joining us today. As I mentioned, we believe that the steps we took today were absolutely the right ones for share owners and we look forward to executing on our new plans for 2020 and appreciate the support of share owners as we go forward. Thank you very much.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, and I'll just follow up on that. So that borrowing, generally, Greg, was up at the WPD holding company level, so it wasn't part of the rate-making within the U.K. It did help drive the higher ROEs at the segment level because the debt was up at the holding company level, but it doesn't really impact the revenue projections within the U.K. And then the U.S. entity would be PPL Capital Funding would be the one that's issuing that debt to replace the lower amounts coming back.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. This is Vince, yes. We're assuming a below-4% discount rate in both the U.S. and the U.K., and actually our 2017 U.K. discount rate is even below 3%.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure, Jonathan. I think it would be fairly consistent with the approach that we've taken in the past where we would certainly be highly hedged for the upcoming period in which we give specific guidance. So, in this case, it was 2017, so we thought it was appropriate even though we issued guidance a little bit early to go ahead and hedge that up a little bit further than we normally would at this point. So looking at 2018, we would begin hedging in or looking to hedge in the rest of 2018 sometime beginning next year, and then probably start to layer in some 2019 hedges next year as well. And we'd probably look to, depending on the volatility in the currency rate and other market conditions, we may look to do something similar with collars like we've done here to either preserve some of the upside and protect the downside or to lock in something above our plan. So to the extent that we can improve upon the growth rate by hedging in at numbers stronger than the plan, that would obviously be something we'd look closely at doing.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So, on the revenue and the offsets on depreciation interest, some of that is a one-time transition or specifically limited to 2017. So yes, that's a little bit of an anomaly in terms of that transition, 2016 to 2017. Relative to O&M, really I don't think there's any change expected in O&M. Much of the work that Robert and his team are doing is very predictable and very kind of standard blocking and tackling type work, so no expectation there. As I know you can appreciate, Michael, the RPI could be an uplift to us because that retail price index is expected to probably go higher as the economy in the U.K. is under some pressure. So that's a potential upside to the plan should it go beyond what we have assumed today. So other than that – and our revenues would be adjusted for that – really no other impacts on the negative side.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. On the top line, I don't have that handy, Michael. But I would say that just like the 5% to 6% growth is relatively levelized or linear, so is the U.K.'s growth, their 4% to 6% that we provided. So we would expect on a net income basis relatively consistent growth starting in 2018 off of 2017 and through the rest of the guidance period we provided.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. I think as we've also – when we come out and kind of reset our earnings, we wanted to make sure we had a strong degree of confidence in those earnings that we were coming out within the growth rates that we've provided. As we talk with economists in the U.K., banks – a number of banks, both in the U.K. and here in the U.S. – I think there was some view that in the back half of 2016, there could be some additional pressure on the pound. I think the consensus estimate for the back half of 2016 is about $1.28, but I think there are some that show $1.20 to $1.30. And then in 2017, I would say consensus is kind of in that $1.30 to $1.35 range. Coincidentally, the collars that we put on basically give us an effective collar of $1.30 to $1.36, so right in line kind of with consensus estimates for the pound over the next, say, year and a half. So I think from our perspective, it was a win-win; we got to take the cash. It's also the reason why we didn't take off the 2016 hedges. That's supporting our $2.35 guidance that we reaffirmed today. Plus, again, if the bias is for the pound to go down a little bit more in the short term, those hedges will be more in the money. So I think as we just took the whole position and thought about it holistically, it made sense to put the hedges back on at the current market. Also, I think when you look at the hedge program and the way the stock trades in normal, say, FX conditions, I think the hedges work very well and we do get the credit for the hedges, except for these (42:45) extreme cases where we tend to trade on a fully open basis, and if $1.30 is the new norm, we would expect and I think investors would expect us to re-hedge.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. I mean, the real thing we're looking at is the after-tax cost of borrowing. And so, obviously, the interest rates play into that as well. But interest rates are fairly consistent between the two countries, and it really, at least right now, boils down to the tax effects of those – of that interest expense. But that's something we'll continue to monitor.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah, Shar, I would say there's probably two main points in driving the delta. One, as you may recall, we had about that $100 million of corporate restructuring in the 2014 to 2018 growth rate. That's obviously not in the 2017 to 2020 growth rate. And then we were also transitioning in Kentucky from a historical test year to a forward test year back then. Now, we're all on future test years and so you don't get that bump in the initial growth rate that we had back in the 2014 to 2018 period.
