William H. Spence: Thanks, Vince. Before we get to the Q&A, and as Vince just described, PPL is continuing to optimize our U.K. plans under Rio and providing investors with enhanced disclosures. We think this additional information will be helpful to better understand our U.K. business and the exceptional value we feel it provides to our regulated portfolio. We'll continue to enhance our disclosures in the future as well once we get to Talen spin behind us. And with that, operator, let's please open the call up for questions.
William H. Spence: That's kind of the base year. I think that's – yeah, 2018 is kind of the base year, because that's the last year when we do the step-down or reflect the lower new bonus revenue that we just disclosed today and then it would be a trajectory off of that.
William H. Spence: Yeah, I think we feel pretty confident that the U.K. election would have no material effect on us. We would expect, as you've probably read as well, probably a coalition government would get established. As you know, we've have already got our license, it's been approved and well in hand. And on the distribution side of the business, we would really not expect any material change.
William H. Spence: No, I think you hit on it. I think it's just a difficult thing to model and so I wouldn't read anything through on the first quarter results at all.
William H. Spence: We are, we've said about 0.5% per year of low growth, and we still think that's a reasonable expectation.
William H. Spence: Yeah. I think it has for the first quarter certainly and we didn't update, obviously, the guidance despite a really strong first quarter, just because we're early in the year. And we've got the summer to go which, obviously, from a weather standpoint, could have a material effect potentially, depending on how the weather turns out, on utility earnings.
William H. Spence: No. It did not get up to the $1.60. It did get quite strong there for a while. It's backed off a little bit, but it's still above $1.50 and I think yesterday it was about $1.52. But I'll let Vince describe what tools we're using and how we hedged 2017.
William H. Spence: Well as we continue to deploy capital and look for cost efficiencies, it's an ongoing evaluation of when or if there is a need to go back in. Clearly in Kentucky, we've still got quite a bit of work to do to meet the match rules and conclude some of the plans, but in that case the bulk of that capital is going to be through the tracker mechanisms that we have there. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, this settlement that we have before the Kentucky Public Service Commission would have us at a 10% ROE for that spending. So, it's really just kind of an ongoing evaluation and, at this time, as Greg just filed his rate case in Pennsylvania, that's going to take some time to play out. So, yet to be determined what that cycle may look like in the future.
William H. Spence: Okay, very good. Thanks for joining us today. We'll look to speak with you on the next quarterly earnings call. Thank you.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. How're you doing, Greg? Yeah, I would say we came in slightly ahead of budget for the quarter, but based on the forecast going through the rest of the year, we would still expect to maintain our original forecast of around $1.38.
Vincent Sorgi: I think that $0.02 that we're talking about on the RPI would not include any potential offsets that we might achieve based on lower inflation that could impact O&M.
Vincent Sorgi: Yeah. Dan, I would just add that I think the domestic utilities first quarter results are very consistent with what we were expecting. They're not behind.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So, Paul, what we did was for the – as you know, our 2015 hedges are well in the money, because we hedged those north of, in some cases, $1.60. And so, what we were able to do was basically reprice some of our 2015 in the money hedges, lower the strikes a little bit on those. And that enabled us to basically get in the money hedges out in 2017. And so, the impact of doing that is actually about a $0.02 hit to 2015, but it enabled us to preserve about 20% of our hedge levels in 2017 at our budgeted rate of $1.60.
