Vincent Sorgi: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 6 for an overview of first quarter segment results. As Bill mentioned, PPL delivered first quarter 2019 earnings from ongoing operations of $0.70 per share, which was in line with expectations and positions us well to achieve our earnings forecast for the year.  Looking at the year-over-year walk, PPL's first quarter earnings from ongoing operations decreased by $0.04 per share from Q1 2018 primarily driven by $0.03 of share dilution and less favorable weather this quarter compared to last year. Weather was about $0.02 negative compared to Q1 2018, and about a $0.01 negative to budget for the quarter. Excluding dilution in weather, higher earnings at our U.K. segment were partially offset by lower earnings at our domestic businesses. Our U.K. Regulated segment earned $0.42 per share in the first quarter of 2019, an $0.08 increase compared to the same period a year ago, excluding the impacts of dilution in weather. The increase in U.K. earnings was primarily due to higher adjusted gross margins from higher prices as a result of the April 1, 2018, increase partially offset by lower sales volumes. Higher -- other income, due to higher pension income and higher realized foreign currency exchange rates compared to 2018 with Q1 2019 average rates of $1.34 per pound compared to $1.26 per pound in Q1 2018.  Moving to the Pennsylvania segment. Our Pennsylvania Regulated segment earned $0.17 per share in the first quarter of 2019, a $0.03 decrease compared to the first quarter of 2018, excluding dilution. This decrease was primarily due to lower adjusted gross margins, primarily due to reduced income taxes recovered in rates as a result of U.S. tax reform. This was $0.04, $0.02 in transmission, $0.02 in distribution, which was partially offset by returns on additional capital investments in transmission. Higher operation and maintenance expense, primarily due to storm related cost and higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E. Moving to the Kentucky segment. Our Kentucky Regulated segment earned $0.16 per share in the first quarter of 2019, a $0.02 decrease compared to the first quarter of 2018, excluding the impact of weather. This decrease was primarily due to higher operational and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense due to additions to PP&E. And finally, Corporate and Other declined by $0.02 per share primarily due to higher income taxes and other. Before I turn the call back over to Bill, let me just provide a quick update on our foreign currency hedging status on Slide 7. We maintained our hedging strategy consistent with our risk management program and layered on additional hedges since our last update. For the balance of 2019, we are 100% hedged for our ongoing earnings at an average rate of $1.41 per pound. For 2020, we increased our hedge percentage slightly to 55% using options, which preserves the upside to the currency. The new average rate for 2020 reflecting these options is $1.47 per pound.  We remain open in 2021 with the forward rates holding in the mid $1.30 per pound range. We will continue to asses the political and economic situation in the U.K. in the context of our hedging program, and we'll remain opportunistic in layering on additional hedges over time. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Bill for the question and answer period.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes, I mean, Ali, it's hard to say how much, in total. I mean the AMS project alone is $350 million to $400 million. The ELG regulations coming out. We have a couple of hundred million in the plan, I think that could potentially require some additional funding there. Bill talked about just headroom in PA, or -- sorry around wholesale power prices that really effects PA more so than it does Kentucky. And as you know, in Pennsylvania, we're really -- the strategy there is to stay out of rate cases, certainly through the guidance period that we've provided, so there's already significant O&M. Management going on in PA to enable that strategy there. So it -- I think it's tough to read and put an overall number over the 5-year period, but there is some big chunks of numbers that we could see coming back in.
Vincent Sorgi: We provided the range of $300 million to $500 million coming back from the U.K. over time, really no change at this point to that guidance.
Vincent Sorgi: Sure. So Abe, in 2020, we have about $0.20 -- $0.23 of pension deficit earnings and so that $0.05 would be about $0.18 in 2021. Our '21 guidance for all true-up mechanisms including pension deficit, interest under recovery, et cetera, was in that $0.05 to $0.10 range and that kind of balance the high and the low that we talked about.
Vincent Sorgi: Yes. I think the key for us, if the incentive income, which, obviously, gives us an opportunity to outperform in the sector. We have far more activity in distribution then they had in transmission and gas. So it isn't a direct read across, certainly maintaining a sensible package of incentives as what we'll be looking.
William Spence: Thanks, Vince. As I mentioned PPL's solid performance during the first quarter keeps us on track to deliver on our 2019 earnings guidance. We continue to invest in infrastructure that both benefits customers as well as shareowners. And we remain well positioned to deliver on our future growth projections.  And with that, operator, let's open the call up for questions, please.
William Spence: Sure. So as you indicated that the midpoint of the initial range that they had discussed was 3% to 5%, so 4%, and they have been seeking input on that number and the overall framework for the cost of capital. We had provided comments as well as many others. We've actually had several of our investors make lodge their own comments, particularly around the financial parameters and specifically around the ROE and the 4% being too low relative to the risk that we see on a go-forward basis within the U.K. Given that, I think that they have yet to -- they have not yet published their final ROE numbers. We would expect that to be -- at the end of this month is there target. So I don't know, Phil Swift, if there's anything else that you wanted to comment on? Phil's been very involved with this process as well as his team.
William Spence: Yes. Good question. I would say, no. I'll turn it over to Phil. That we had a more positive read across from the conversations we've had to them and recognition that to meet the U.K.'s goals on carbonizations were going to require a lot more investment in the electricity networks, very different perhaps from the gas networks. Phil, did you want to...
William Spence: Sure. Well, on the headroom question, obviously, part of that could be driven by the overall price of power, so to the extent that the commodity prices at the wholesale lever -- level drops, and we have seen natural gas prices fall, which in turn has driven power prices further down. And when that happens, that creates potential headroom for us. The other area is to the extent that we find cost savings on the operating and maintenance run. That can create some headroom that will allow us to put in more CapEx without potentially a significant increase in rates.  Having said that, with our capital plan that exist today, it only reflects the projects that we've identified to date, and there are certainly opportunities that we could act on in the future. And some of those that aren't in the 5-year plan, for example, we see -- or could be further enhanced are some great resiliency efforts both in Pennsylvania and Kentucky. We have the automated meter project in Kentucky, potential renewables expansion, I would say, just in general. There is other generation power-plant modifications in Kentucky that are required by new environmental regulations.  And for 2023 and beyond, we already talked about some of the electrification initiatives in the U.K. And as you know, our capital plans are essentially set already in the U.K. until the end of RIIO-ED2. So those are identified and known and not really subject to change per se.
William Spence: Sure, Paul. Just -- I'll make a couple of comments, and then I'll ask Greg Dudkin, President of our Electric Utilities here in Pennsylvania to provide a little perspective as well. We are certainly supportive of efforts to reduce carbon and maintain and grow jobs within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. We really have a question whether these subsidies to the entire nuclear sector in PA are the right answer. As proposed, our customers would see a significant rate increase. Greg has recently provided comments, both publicly in some op-eds as well as direct input to some of our legislators on a couple of other aspects of this. And Greg, maybe you want to highlight some of those key points.
William Spence: We certainly heard a lot of other comments aside from our own that speak to requiring each of the plants to demonstrate the financial need for customer funded financial assistance. So I think that's likely to be somehow factored in, if not included directly in whatever legislative solution comes out, if one does come out. So it's talked a lot about. I don't -- we, obviously, are still somewhat early in the process. But I think there will be a lot more discussions to be held in the couple of weeks and perhaps months.
William Spence: Okay, sure. Overall, the impact that we expect is about $0.05 a share. Within that, I don't recall the exact range that we gave or is embedded. I don't know that we had it specifically identified in the low and the high end of arrangements.
William Spence: Well, I would say, a good outcome would be something that's fairly balanced, meaning that the financial parameters are improved from where they are today, which we think is not balanced. And that the overall incentive scheme is maintained with, I would say, incremental improvements, meaning, I don't think there is an attempt or should not probably be an outcome where Ofgem, kind of, blows up the incentive scheme per se, but hopefully improves upon it in a way that allows companies with the incentive mechanisms to achieve something we think is much more reasonable in line with what we've been earning, which is in the 9% to 10% ROE type range. So I don't know, on the downside, incrementally negative side, if you can think of anything, in particular. I think it be probably on the financial front or the ROE front, if they maintain, kind of, where they are, that would be, kind of, incrementally negative from our view.
