William N. Scheffel: We knew in Investor Day that these transactions were coming online, so they pretty much included the two transactions which we’ve completed already in July.
William N. Scheffel: Right, we started Cook County July 1, so obviously in the middle of June we were well prepared for that start-up.
William N. Scheffel: Yes. Actually in Ohio in the dual program, they are enrolling Medicaid members first, so a substantial amount of the membership is Medicaid only in Ohio. In 2015 they will start to pass some enrollment of the Medicare portion, so there will be a little bit of a delayed impact. But the estimate for the full duals you put out is not too far away from where we are at this point.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think the service line revenue increases I indicated is primarily AcariaHealth plus the addition of U.S. Medical Management in 2014. The carrier health includes a significant amount of hepatitis C therapies that they provide as part of their programs. And we see that sort of plateauing at this point in time for the rest of the year as their product sort of slows down in second half of the year. So, primarily I would say 60% to 70% of the increase is coming out of Acaria.
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I think that’s something that everybody should understand. Our normal tax rate is roughly 40% and then the non-deductibility of the health insurer fee causes it to increase by over 900 basis points, I think. And so what happens is that number – the amount of the non-deductibility that stays the same during the course of the year. And if our earnings grow, absent the health insurer fee, you won’t see a corresponding increase in the health insurer fee impact, so the effective tax rate will actually go down as a result of that. So you’ll see more of the 40% and less of the increase of the health insurer fee. So it’s really nothing more complicated than that in the blend of the two as you add in more earnings from our regular operations.
William N. Scheffel: Sure, Kevin. I think the deals that we closed were in the third quarter in July. And so we want to make sure that both the Louisiana transaction and the Spain transaction were done this month. We provided, for example, the transaction costs associated with those deals so everyone would understand that, pick that up in their understanding of the third quarter and then also for purposes of understanding our change in guidance that we’ve got $0.18 of transaction costs baked in for the full year so far for transaction costs. With respect to the accretion question, we have included in our updated guidance our estimate of the earnings and the impact of Cook County and Louisiana and for Spain. Most of those operations don’t have a significant impact in the second half of the year as we do a certain amount of transition and start-up costs with those and we do have the amortization of intangibles associated with some of those transactions that we have to start dealing with. So, for the most part, nothing significant in the second half from accretion.
William N. Scheffel: I think our newest operations include California, New Hampshire and marketplace and a few other things with duals which some of those are a little early to really know. I think the two states we've added are performing probably above our expectations at this point in time. In marketplace also we've been pleased with the medical cost trends up to this point. We added a lot of the membership for marketplace in the second quarter, so it still has time to have to develop but at this point all three of those sectors seem to be performing well.
William N. Scheffel: I think with respect to the three Rs, it's almost a moot point because we're not at the point where we're in a position to record any significant amount for risk corridor or for reinsurance at this point. We would, if we were into those levels to record a corridor or large cases for reinsurance, but at this point it's been rather insignificant. But philosophically, we would record the risk corridor and the reinsurance amounts based on our actual experience in 2014 and year-to-date. With respect to risk adjustment, we don't have enough information to know how our population compares to others and whether we – how much payment would be going either way on that, so we've not recorded anything and would not intend to record anything on risk adjustment unless we got a lot more information on how our book of business compared to everyone else.
William N. Scheffel: I think at this point in time, our medical cost trends have been pretty consistent with both our original expectations and what you've said. There are different component. And so clearly the cost of drugs go up every year in terms of the pricing for both brand and generics. Utilization for inpatient and outpatient has been relatively stable. And so when you look at it all, we've seen relatively minimal increases in overall utilization and the changes in our HBR as I talked about at our Investor Day in June relate a lot more to changes in mix. When we had higher acuity membership that has a higher built-in HBR, you'll see a slight increase in our HBR as that mix changes and that's what we're actually seeing at this point in time. So in terms of cost trends, I don't think we're seeing any different than what you said and nothing really of any surprising nature.
William N. Scheffel: The Medicaid rollout is in process right now and will continue on for several more months. And I think the long-term care rollout is complete and we have close to 30,000 members I think in Florida in long-term care and absorbing that product nicely. The Medicaid will continue to – it’s too early really to give any indications of anything on an HBR. We see nothing at this point in time that would say that we’re seeing – the membership we’ve added in the new program that’s any different than what we expected it to be.
William N. Scheffel: I think that the rates that were set for Medicaid expansion were indicative of the fact that there may be a higher HBR for that population than what typically is seen, whether you say that’s pent-up demand or whatever. And so we’ve seen that in some cases but in relationship to the rates and the actual costs they are in line with the HBR targets. So nothing there of any surprise. With respect to 2015, it’s too early to call in terms of what the rates might be on the Medicaid expansion portion of that and I think the states will review the actual cost data to determine whether they make any substantive changes in that. I don’t know if they’ll have a lot of information, new information to make substantive changes to that, so I’d expect it to the great extent to carry over into 2015 similar to 2014.
William N. Scheffel: Each date has a different timeline for when they go through rates, so I don’t know that there’s a specific date at this point. It’s state by state.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think I would just say that it’s a subsidiary amount of the revenues on the service line income but it’s a low margin product.
William N. Scheffel: I don’t think we really want to get into that level of detail for a specific product of a specific subsidiary.
William N. Scheffel: Every new business has a different mix and so included in new revenue still would be the new products we added and new states we added; California and New Hampshire. They’re, as I said, performing reasonably well with this point in time. We also have the health insurance marketplace which is included in there and that runs at a lower average HBR than our normal business, the Medicaid business, so you’ll see when you blend that in, you’ll have a lower HBR for new business than you might typically have seen.
William N. Scheffel: I would say absent timing for the health insurer fee, I don’t know that there’s anything unusual with our seasonality in Q3 or Q4 compared to our normal trends. So I would say we would expect that to be similar to prior years in that regard.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think our normal view has been 1.5 to 2 times. We’ve obviously exceeded that for several of our years and so it wouldn’t surprise me we exceed that for this year given how strong we have been through the first half.
William N. Scheffel: I think that our deal costs are – when you peel out the transaction costs tend to be relatively consistent. So I think that we’re probably slightly more in the second half than the first half, excluding transaction costs, but maybe $0.04 or $0.05 worth not a lot, not more than that.
William N. Scheffel: I think that’s hard really to pull apart that number at point in time. We’ve added in the different product lines and the growth from the different states. It’s not overly scientific in terms of the specific op-out percentage that we’ve calculated. At this point we use more round estimates, I would say.
William N. Scheffel: I think that as has been reported by many, the state by state hasn’t taken different positions. Florida; its intention is to bake this in starting May 1 on the new Medicaid program with a kick payment and that’s already been assumed in our guidance and other things like that. Texas, it hasn’t yet been added to the PDO. We expect that to occur and we’ll get reimbursed for that. So I don’t think we want to go state by state through 20 states to say where each state is other than in general we’re pleased that the states have all understood the impact of these therapies and what the costs are, particularly going forward and are working on mechanisms to make sure that we’re fairly reimbursed for these costs.
William N. Scheffel: I would say they’re plateauing as much as peaking and I think that 1.5 billion is probably a good round number for where we think we’ll be for the year.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, there is certainly a correlation on what you stated, but I don’t know if it’s a perfect correlation.
William N. Scheffel: I really think that’s a very little portion of that because I think what we’re really seeing as it relates to cost trends, in-patient levels, et cetera, we’ve got minimum HBRs in several states, experienced rebates. When you factor all of those things together there is really no impetus to have a large rate increase. I think that’s why flat seems to be the norm. It’s really not because the states are trying to drive the rates down for unusual reasons.
William N. Scheffel: Which was an increase of 6 million – net cost of 6 million quarter-over-quarter. And at this point in time we think it’s plateauing whether – if it stays that high we’ll have to wait and see but certainly we’ve seen the number of starts reduce, things like that, so we think until the new drugs come on later in the year and next year, we don’t expect it to see the same level of growth.
William N. Scheffel: The membership demographics are, as you indicated, in line with what we expect. What we continue to target, the lower income Medicaid churn population and that’s why so many of our members are eligible for subsidies as well as our average age is within the range of expectations. For pricing for 2015, it’s really too early to give any across the board indications. It’s very much state-by-state and I think that we’ll see – we go through a state-by-state analysis and where we come out on pricing will depend on the specifics that we see. But I think it’s too early to know until later when prices are revealed in October.
William N. Scheffel: Again, we’re viewing the marketplace as an opportunity in states where it can be complementary to our Medicaid population. So we think we will see some growth as the market grows, but it’s still going to be a relatively modest part of our business going forward.
William N. Scheffel: I think your point is that we didn’t increase the business expansion cost by the level of the transaction cost we talked about for Q3 and I think that’s a fact and that they’re slightly down in terms of our estimate for our business expansion cost excluding transaction cost, not by a lot.
William N. Scheffel: No, I think states will go through their normal process while looking at rates for the Medicaid expansion population and go through the same actuarial analysis eventually based on the experience, so I don’t think there will be anything unique about how they’ll approach those rates compared to how they do on the core Medicaid business.
William N. Scheffel: I think that there’s still a lot of things to happen in Louisiana with respect to this transition, et cetera and so we’re not prepared to talk about 2015 numbers for either membership or for the accretion that might come out of there. We have experienced in a number of states where we have added the membership to an existing plan that’s generally gone well for us, but we’re not quantifying that at this point in time. And as Michael indicated in our Investor Day in December, we’ll probably have lot more – we’re lot farther along in the process and be able to give a little more…
William N. Scheffel: I think right now our duals experience is fairly limited in terms of the amount of time we’ve been doing this in the Illinois and Ohio areas, so we’re not giving any projections in terms of when we would get to normal run rates, et cetera; we’ll see.
William N. Scheffel: I think the 3% to 5% we talk about are for our overall book of business and individual pieces can vary from that. And so I think we’ll have to wait to see how our experience shakes out on the product over time and see, but we’ll stand by the 3% to 5% for the overall book of business but the individual pieces I don’t think we really want to speak to.
William N. Scheffel: I think part of that is where you’re coming from and so depending on what you’re initial rates were in 2014 and others were much more aggressive than we were in terms of the rates. Rone can speak to this in more detail, but I think we’re pretty happy with where we started from and we’re making our adjustments from that base.
William N. Scheffel: I think we’re talking about low 80s for the original HBR for the marketplace and – our pricing had one thing built into it and then we were putting into our guidance mid-80s.
William N. Scheffel: Each state has their own process to go through to deal with this particular issue and so the state of Texas is working through their process as we speak. And when it’s all concluded, it will depend on how much they need to do the review and deal with it.
William N. Scheffel: A lot of those is new programs we added during the quarter, so Florida has had lot of activity, for example, we’ve added a lot of people in Florida for the expansion for the Medicaid program and that’s – when you see jumps like that is typically because of new products being added. It could be duals, it could be Cook Country where we’re anticipating that starting July 1 in Florida.
William N. Scheffel: I think within Q1 that might have been higher – seen that in March, we saw the weather was early in the quarter so if there was any deferred impact, a lot of that would have showed up in March. Second quarter stood on its own with normal seasonality compared to prior years.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think we have sometimes additional payments received in a couple of states and I think we had two states that paid us additional amounts in the quarter for us to payout to providers or back to the state, either one.
Michael F. Neidorff: We're calling the trends relatively flat, as I said in my comments, and see nothing that changes that, Matt.
Michael F. Neidorff: And the states also will be getting 100% reimbursement from the federal government so that allows them to be very realistic in their mind.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, we have tended on the earnings call after the rate has been established to discuss it at that point.
Michael F. Neidorff: Scott, I think if you go back to what we said on the last call, we said that it would be in the second half and that it could easily slide into the fourth quarter some of it recognizing that states like Texas have a fiscal year September 1, and so we work through some of these things. We forecast at that point in time it could go into the fourth quarter.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I mean it would be appropriate, prudent, conservative to say Q4 because we can – we’re concerned but what is important is that it get done and gets fully reimbursed, fully grossed-up and the difference between September 1 and October 1 is not as important to us.
Michael F. Neidorff: Scott, when you’re in the middle of litigation it’s moving through the court effectively, it’s very prudent to do nothing more than rely on what was written and that’s on the base of some very good advice from very good counsel. So I’m going to take a pass on trying to amplify it or describe it anymore than what’s been described.
Michael F. Neidorff: Let me try and help in the sense, Sarah, that these drugs tend to be curative and we see it plateauing off and so we’re having discussions with the states on utilization and all the different alternatives that are open to us now. Sovaldi is one and if that’s been in the market by that time for a year, because the new one is coming out and that would take a different approach. And Mary you’re in the middle of all this.
Michael F. Neidorff: So I think you have to really bifurcate it. Sovaldi is one issue that’s plateauing out and its utilization is there, then you have the new drugs in the states and all this realize people maybe have been warehousing, it’s considering all those factors. And so they don’t plan to see that rest on our backs. They recognize the issue and they’re working constructively. And if we saw some concerns we’ll raise them for you.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think Tom we’ll be in a better position to discuss that in our December call when we’re talking '15. We’ve always been ahead of ourselves for all the years we’ve been doing this. So we’re going to stay pretty much the same. We’ll talk to you about that in December.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, that’s correct. I think we expect that cross all the rate adjustments for this year, we expect it to be flat. I’m not sure what more I can add to it.
Michael F. Neidorff: If they see the utilization, we see the utilization. As we’ve talked about, our systems tend to be real-time and we’re seeing flat because we don’t see the arguments for something else.
Michael F. Neidorff: So as you result, you say it’s a higher cost than what the typical population has been. Whether that continues we’ll just have to see over time. What would happen is they would sort of come together.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I think it’s important our numbers in terms of the rate trends for 2014 are flat. We’re not giving any rate trends for 2015 at this point.
Michael F. Neidorff: We’re not saying anything. Ana, we’re really saying – we’re working on it now to having discussions and by December 15 we expect we’ll be able to give you a good indication.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think people who know us well enough that if we try to do something now, we’re going to be conservative beyond what really one would be in December. We have a good view and the mislead in that direction is just as bad as being too optimistic. So it’s just a little early.
Michael F. Neidorff: It’s just that you have various states, you have different politics, you have different elections taking place. You have a lot of different issues getting people to focus on as much as anything. The people we’re talking to are discussing it, they’re working it through their process. They have a whole process for any budget variations that are involved. And as we saw when we were talking rates in the Hidalgo Valley and others a year ago, they have a way of getting through it. It’s not how fast but how well.
Michael F. Neidorff: I just want to make a point that up to this point, Texas has always been a responsible good partner that you can talk to these things about, so we’re comfortable with this.
Michael F. Neidorff: Rone will add to it. CMS has always had to sign off on the stage rate, so I mean that part is not new.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, and it’s going to be product specific too. I mean you have a lot more case workers when you’re dealing with tools and long-term care. So it will be quarter-by-quarter based on what we see the growth to be. You always have to try and bring them out a little bit ahead of time.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think we’re taking that point to the states. I think the states are as well. They're learning from the experience and what we established for the next line of hep C drugs we see for other drugs coming in the future. Once again, it’s going to be the size of the population. There’s some smaller population that some specialty pharma that are even more expensive. It’s a smaller group and it may not be curative, it may be ongoing therapy. So what it is, is going to determine how we work at the states. It’s not one size cuts all or – it’s not a cookie cutter. You have to look at it and just show your flexibility and work with them effectively.
Mary V. Mason: Yes. And it’s good to see with all the productive conversations that we are having with the states, they do recognize and are discussing the new drugs that are on fast track for FDA approval later this year.
Mary V. Mason: Right. So you’re not only seeing a lower number of starts but you’re also seeing people who are started earlier in Q1 and early Q2 completing their course of treatment. So we are seeing and it is plateauing.
Mary V. Mason: Right. What I was referring to with the bounce back is I know there was a concern because of those days, I believe it was the end of January or early February that we would be seeing a lot more utilization in the coming months which we did not see. As we said with utilization, it was very stable utilization trends, flat ER, maybe a decrease in patient trends. So everything really looked very stable.
K. Rone Baldwin: I think Bill said it well that in most states we are fairly considerably priced and that was reflected in our competitive position that clearly what our starting point is as we look at our rates for 2015. And again, as we said previously, there have been no real concerns or surprises based on our experience so far but it’s very early as well.
K. Rone Baldwin: We’re not particularly seeing anything notable or significant based on the actions they’re taking at this point.
K. Rone Baldwin: I don’t have anything really to specify the distinction of the Medicaid expansion group from what we’re seeing elsewhere in terms of it other than depending on the state-by-state kind of previous eligibility standards what income levels are coming in compared to the previous ones. But it’s generally tracking based on my understanding what we’re seeing broadly in the Medicaid programs.
K. Rone Baldwin: No, it is more adults than children there’s no question about that, but with respect to more specifics on the demographics than that, I don’t think again other than what you generally see with income, we’re not seeing a dramatic difference.
