Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think we've been going through and doing our standard medical management programs, from Healthy Start for Your Baby to every aspect of what we do in every other part of the state. And I just remind you that the first 90 days there was that continuity care, we could do nothing. We're now doing the pre-authorizations. We're looking at medical necessity for procedures as opposed to just simply having to pay with the state had already authorized. So it's really turning from a nonmanagement to now a full-blown medical management program that we use in every other market. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think my comments in terms of -- we said it's already gaining traction we saw in the month of June. We see by third quarter -- by the fourth quarter full normalized margins within Texas including in Hidalgo county. So it would fall well within our normalized medical loss ratio, G&A and other ranges. 
Michael Neidorff: We do see it in our normalized MLR, which we have stated in guidance at, what, 86 to 88 at this point. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think I will -- Yes. I will unequivocally say yes. We wouldn't put it out there as guidance if we did not believe at this point in time that it was achievable. And so it reflects what we know we've done. And as we've said earlier, and as we said it in -- at the Investor Day, this was really -- some -- a great issue why -- which is why the state took the action that they did. And we see already some traction coming. So yes, I -- we have a high level of continuity [ph]. We have a very experienced management team down there. It's a big book of business. They have a great track record of delivering on those expectations. And I'm trying to stay away from a specific quarter-to-quarter number, but over the short- and longer-term, I see it continuing to be a high-performing state for us. I hope that helps. 
Michael Neidorff: And they also were managed-care markets, where the -- so the run-in period will not be as difficult in working with the providers and the educational process. 
Michael Neidorff: And relative to the improvement, we were applying the -- in those areas that we can manage, we're seeing it starting to normalize and it has been normalizing. The issues that are still confronting us were terms of the retro assignment of members. We'll still get occasionally a member from November with the bills in a little bit the premium. And until we correct those kinds of things, we can't see -- we will not see it fully normalize and we hope that it starts to dissipate over time, but we are working with the state on it. They are, as we've said, they're taking some initial actions to make it more balanced in the assignment of these members, which is good public policy. It affects all plans equally . And we are talking now about how they do it and the fact that they really should hold us accountable from the time we learn that the member is ours. So there's things there that they're doing. I think when we get through with the analysis of the data book, it will put us in a position to demonstrate what they need to do that was not included in the data book. 
Michael Neidorff: Bill -- I'll let Bill follow up. There's still a lot of shifting members, where we're to give [ph] another 5,000 members or so, Bill, [ph] as we understand it. So it's difficult to try and give you that with the shifting members because it becomes a weighted thing. But... 
Michael Neidorff: I mean there's a lot of public information out there on it. And our hesitation is just simply, as I alluded to, we just learned that there's another 5,000 members coming over to the superior health plan down there. So that's going to change that weighted mix. So rather than -- because once we say something today, then it's going to mandate constant updating of that, so I would rather just say, "This is how it is at the point in time. This is what our guidance is based on. And I think that's a better position to stay in." 
Michael Neidorff: Jesse can add to this. But I think what you're saying, I understand, but we are still getting each month the adds. We still get a larger number that -- through the retroactive process than what we would see in any other state. That means it's been as high as 52% level. I don't know for this month, but it's probably staying way up there. 
Michael Neidorff: I'd add 2 things. In part of it -- in response to the earlier question, I mean, obviously, we believe there's premium adequacy in Texas or we would not have -- we would not be saying that we have agreed to it. We would still -- we would probably still be in discussions, and we have that relationship in Texas. Secondly, I think as you look at it, Kansas as a new state has had managed care, they're adding some new populations but it's still a state that we had some great success in previous times in Kansas with the group of doctors and hospitals that understand how to do it. The other plan that we're starting up in the first quarter is New Hampshire. It's a smaller plan. So the ability to have an impact one way or another is somewhat less, so I think Bill -- what Bill said in terms of looking at what we're talking about, a more normalized fourth quarter carried through with increasing populations, full-year populations for Missouri and other plans that we've been adding, Washington, I think you could see how third Q will start to shape up and we'll give you that guidance in the middle of December. 
Michael Neidorff: I think, Scott, when we commented that the actuaries are talking with each other about the data book and what's in and what's not in and looking at how to get the data more accurate. Because we're interested in sound public policy. And as Jesse alluded to, we're not asking for anything specific for Centene. We're saying that these are program changes that should apply to the 3 plans that are there and put everybody on a level playing field. And allow us then to manage the risk in a more normalized fashion, what we call normal business practices. So that's where we hope we're headed with the state. 
Michael Neidorff: Of course, there's other things taking place. So we talked with the state, and we mentioned earlier that we looked at in our narcotics and other drugs and things, we've been specifically bringing it in line. And our in-patient is in line. We also have, I alluded to them with my comments, our NICU and emergency room policies and practices. So we're avoiding being a one-trick act here and applying everything we can to bring it back in line. What I think what's key is once we get the retroactivity issue if we get it resolved and build that the kind of standard of practice we see in virtually every other state, then you would see that things would be normalized. That's why we said, it's not been a rate issue, it's a policy issue that needs to come in place. 
Michael Neidorff: Until the state has agreed to it, I'm not going to -- we're not going to show that optimism. As I said, we're going through the data book and what that demonstrates, will have a lot to do with what position we take with the state going forward. 
Michael Neidorff: Well it's been delayed. They've added -- they've renewed it for an additional year through July of next year. 
Michael Neidorff: Sure. In Texas, I mean, that can change from year to year depending on what actions the state's taking. I think in this particular time, the rate increases were quoting are net increases. 
Michael Neidorff: And when we commented, we commented there are some costs in there about bringing up the new plans at Kansas and New Hampshire. So there's -- it's -- you can't say it's all comp or all -- there are some pluses and minuses in there. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think what -- we've been very -- we gave you an indication, we thought it important for you to know that we returned to profitability. But we're going to stay away from any precedent on going month-by-month in talking about because that's a -- it can change from month to month. It's seasonalities and so many different things. We're better talking quarters. We want to be transparent for you and help you, but I'm afraid we might be doing a disservice to everybody trying to go that granularity. 
Michael Neidorff: Well we thought what would be important is for you to understand that the episodic issues as we refer to them in the 3 markets, the management, the approach we're taking, how we're doing it, did allow us to return to profitability. And I'm not saying just $0.01 but some reasonable profitability in June. 
Michael Neidorff: I might just add, we understand you're working to analyze '13 and we're holding off to December because we'll have a better view of it. Because there'll be other new opportunities that will surface between now and then. So we'll be in a better position to say when it comes to G&A, what's development for other plans, that type of things as well. 
Michael Neidorff: I think most of it -- I mean, it's out there because it's things we see happening. It's not -- we're not speculating, saying, "Gee, if we were able to push this through or get this approved." No, this is -- -- that's all based on what we see will happen. 
Michael Neidorff: Picking up some of the dual eligibles in Ohio, it's a market that we're [indiscernible] some new service areas with the new contract, so there'll be some mitigation there of that but we really had to look at it in what we've done there, what's managed care. If there has been managed care as opposed to what we saw in Kentucky where they have had no managed care, a very provider-friendly type environment. And that makes a difference there. 
Michael Neidorff: I think it's based on the fact that our guidance has stayed consistent, I would say that it is falling as we would expect it in the various markets. 
Michael Neidorff: We're now directing care so that improves costs. We have utilization major issues that were there historically. And I -- if we had a lot of time, I'd give you a lot of examples, they're anecdotal, things that were done that were just incredible, why the state wanted us to come in and the plans come in. So you take the utilization, you take the ability to control, the pricing on some of these things by directing some care. The other overall savings we do, it starts [indiscernible]. It may be reducing the premium. There's a lot of that the brings -- that's all in play now. And things we said we're getting traction on. As we've said, also several times today, the rates were wholly appropriate as we renegotiated them and agreed to with the states. 
Michael Neidorff: I think if we had wanted people to consider less than that, we probably would've said something different than we did. So I think, the information we gave is pretty clear from our starting point. Obviously, it's an all-in starting point. And by the way, that's not my starting point that's some of yours. I'm not saying it's not a decent starting point. 
Michael Neidorff: I think the -- I would make no assumptions. We signed the contracts and in the absence of a breach on their part, we live up to our contracts and we'll manage to [indiscernible]. We're at 18 states now and headed for even more over the next few years. So this can -- we're not going to just walk away unless they're in breach and don't take the corrective actions and that's consistent with the ethics and philosophy of this company. 
Michael Neidorff: Right. Absolutely. The question for the state of Kentucky that we've posed to them very directly is, If you want to have a sustainable, long-term program as these contracts evaporate and go away, if you want to have people willing to come in and continue to participate, then these are things you have to do that make sense. And we are not asking for anything that's not sound policy. And there are smart people down there. They have experience, so I have no reason to believe that they would not consider and make the changes to get the kind of sustainable program they want. It's not -- if you have people that don't understand what needs to be done, then you have an entirely different environment. But here I have to believe that they're smart and capable and experienced enough to get it done. 
Michael Neidorff: That's, I mean, that's [indiscernible] historically. Other larger players have looked at it from time to time. And we don't see that kind of change. I mean, we're very comfortable with what our capabilities are. I remind people we did the original Celtic and the base plan because it gives us the ability to do exchanges, hybrid products and we've been using it very effectively that way. It's some of the legacy business that has been the issue there. So this company with its specialty companies and where it is, I think, we're very comfortable with it. And I've commented historically, I see it being bifurcated with ourselves in a couple of larger players and being in a strong position to be able to deal with it. We're pushing 2.5 million lives now in this business. We're in 18 states. It's diversified. It has a lot of specialty companies. So I'm comfortable that we -- I've said in the past, we have a runway that is long enough for the space shuttle to do touch-and-gos. I've often joked about it. There's still a very long runway there. I think we have the capabilities to continue to do it. And I think as we come out of the issues we faced in Q2, it just further demonstrates that the capabilities of the team and the staff. We were able to go in 2 or 3 days after what we saw as an issue. And we -- it's company policy to always disclose as quickly as we know something. We're able to go into Investor Day within a few short days of that and give you updated guidance and know where we're at. And now here we are 30, 45 days later able to confirm that guidance. So I think it says what our overall capabilities are. That's a long-winded answer. But yes, I think we can continue to compete effectively. That's the Cliff's Notes. 
Michael Neidorff: Sure. We thank you very much, and we look forward to talking with you at the end of Q3. Have a good rest of summer. Thank you. 
William Scheffel: Yes. We haven't given specific numbers in terms of the improvements. But obviously, the impact of these initiatives, as they gain traction, will increase over the course of the second half of the year. Certainly, where we're now authorizing all of the treatments, we have a standard template that we're using for consistency across the membership. And we're applying that and looking at medical necessity criteria. And there has been a different pattern of usage in the Hidalgo service area versus the rest of the state. And so we are doing everything we can to bring bear -- to bear on that problem. But I don't know that we've quantify specifically how much that will impact the second quarter. 
William Scheffel: Well it's a little higher than the guidance. But I think that the -- because our guidance of HBR is 89% to 90% for the year. But I think that the -- we do expect to improve the trends at Hidalgo. But we still expect them to be above the statewide averages. And it'll take some time before we achieve all of the managed care savings that I think were initially anticipated by the state. And that could be an 18-month period, I think, before those are -- into that range. 
William Scheffel: Sure. I think that the 88.5% for the remainder reflects the fact that we do have new operations in several states including Louisiana, for example, where that ramps up and we have higher loss ratios and initial periods of operations. And we can also have some continuity of care issues and we have margin build in the first part of that. So I would say that's -- the numbers that we gave in the past for 87% to 88% was the average for the whole year. And we knew in the first half of the year, it would probably be larger or higher rates and in the second half will be lower as we gain traction in these new markets. Now, again, we're adding some newer markets in Missouri and Washington in the second half, but those tend to be a little smaller compared to what we added in the first half of the year. 
William Scheffel: We do analysis in several of our markets on a regular basis to make sure that -- both we do that for statutory purposes and for GAAP purposes. So the analysis that we performed at the end of the second quarter, particularly for Celtic and Kentucky, were done in accordance with the particular methodology that's required to do that. And in both cases, no premium deficiency reserve was needed at that point in time for those 2 markets. So I think in Kentucky, that's a 3-year contract. We do believe over the long term of the contract, we will make appropriate margins so that we -- at this point in time, the analysis does not indicate that we need a premium deficiency reserve. 
William Scheffel: Right, right. And with respect to Texas, in the Hidalgo service area, it's a blended 7.6% increase. And it's obviously much higher in the STAR+PLUS category. I think importantly though, looking at the whole state, we've got a 3.7% increase across our whole book of business. In our whole book of business is north of $3 billion in annual revenue.  So we think that this is a meaningful rate increase for us and we believe working with the state, we're in a reasonable position at this time. 
William Scheffel: I think that in these discussions, which usually are actuary-to-actuary, there's the individual components are discussed. For example, there may be a belief that the in-patient portion of the cost could be further reduced in STAR compared to something else and so that's all driven into the individual rates by the -- between STAR and STAR+PLUS for Hidalgo. Overall, at 7.6%, I think that's a meaningful increase for us. 
William Scheffel: I don't think we've broken it out. We haven't really broken it out into individual pieces like that for this discussion. I think the weighted number is 3.7% for the whole state and we'll leave at that. 
William Scheffel: Yes. September 1, 2011, the state did reduce the rates. So this certainly -- the increase that we have for September 1 this year improves the whole state. 
William Scheffel: And as a reminder, what we've seen is, for that period prior to the time we've had an opportunity to manage the care for these individuals, we've averaged a 200% HBR. Once we have the opportunity to manage the care, the HBR goes way down. 
William Scheffel: Sure, Josh. I think you hit on the one thing which I did want to make sure we'd cover, which is third quarter versus fourth quarter. So that as you calculated the math for our earnings for the second half of the year, there still is the impact that this Texas rate increase goes into effect September 1. So we'll have full benefit of that in the fourth quarter and only 1 month benefit of that in the third quarter. So we do believe that you'll see a meaningful difference as the numbers are that are out there show for Q3 and Q4. And so I think if you look at Q4 run rates, and then try to look at that into 2013, I think that's a better indicator of where 2013 would -- to start to look at. And obviously, we have not done anything in terms of putting together 2013 guidance at this point. But we do think that the run rate in the fourth quarter is probably a good starting point for 2013 given the fact that we also have Kansas starting in January of '13 and New Hampshire. And [indiscernible] full year, we have a couple of other states. 
William Scheffel: I think that -- while I'm not going to do the math for you, I think directionally that is what we're seeing, yes. 
William Scheffel: Well that's yet to be determined how that comes out in terms of the future months and particularly after they change the retro assignment methodology. I think you're correct. What we said is initially in the month of December we recognized 8% of our in-patient costs were from of this. And then by the time we got into May and June, it was 20%. And so I think the amount that we've got after that, while we still get some, has tailed off quite a bit. I mean we're not saying that all of our retro assignment members are going back to November today, but they go back many months not just 30 days, which is typical in other states. So I think that overall, we are encouraged that the state's changing the methodology. It should improve our situation. It's hard to quantify how much until they actually do it. 
William Scheffel: Yes. And let me just -- what I said in my comments was that for guidance purposes, we have been running 109% at a statutory level since inception. And what we have forecasted for the second half is a 200 to 300 basis point improvement, which obviously takes into account the 1% rate increase in July and the impact of reduced retro assignment of eligible members and some medical management initiatives. We have tried to be somewhat conservative in forecasting marked improvements in Kentucky at this point in time. Hopefully, we'll do better, but we haven't baked in anything greater than what I've indicated of the 200 to 300 basis points. 
William Scheffel: It is a couple things. One is in doing that calculation, we include all the business that we do in Texas or in Kentucky, including our Specialty business and there are certain costs that are not included in that. The fixed costs are not included in the premium deficiency calculation. So again... 
William Scheffel: Right. And so we think that over the term of the contract, we will be in a favorable situation such that we would not have a net loss. 
William Scheffel: The second quarter did benefit a little bit from unwinding some longer-term comp accruals that we had and for the second -- what we've given in our guidance is the estimated G&A ratio for the whole year. And so we do get a couple of plans adding in the second of the year and things like that. So right now, we're sticking to what's in the range. 
William Scheffel: Yes. There can be a difference between a 31-day month or a 30-day month and how many Mondays are in there or holidays and things. So an individual month's HBR is not as important as it is a 90-day would be for a full quarter. 
William Scheffel: Right. When I said we run 109% inception to-date, I think what we've had to do is pick up additional accruals for these retros. So I think -- we think the inception to-date is probably the best way to look at it at this point in time because that's about an 8-month period. And given the that's been the average run rate for the first 8 months, we're expecting it to be 200 to 300 basis points better than that in the second half. 
William Scheffel: 2 parts. One, I think that the leverage we're getting this year from the additional revenue and spreading the costs over a wider base will continue into 2013 and should accelerate given the additional volume. However, I think the benefit that we had this year from the absence of some of the performance-based compensation will reverse because we would expect to build that back in for 2013. We indicated that's about 80 basis-point impact on the G&A ratio in the second quarter. So for next year, we would add that back in as a starting point. 
William Scheffel: Well we really don't get in trying to break out the amount of development in any particular month or quarter at this point. Obviously, what we've said is in the second quarter and particularly in May, we recognized additional costs with respect to the Kentucky retro assignment issue. In Texas, we didn't start until March 1, so there wasn't a whole lot anything going backwards in Kentucky -- in Texas. That was just recorded in the second quarter based on our own experience. 
William Scheffel: I don't know if we have a specific dollar amount. But obviously we -- in Kentucky, we have our PBM, we have our Behavioral Health business, which are 2 of the larger components. We also have Health and Wellness and our Nurse Triage line. 
William Scheffel: Well I mean some of it is medical management, some of it is just the absence of the continuity of care provisions. So we'll benefit from the fact that in that 90-day period we were running higher, which was a lot of the second quarter. And the 110% is probably a little high for the quarter itself. But the rate increase of 7.6% in the Hidalgo area will certainly bend that trend quite a bit and then the absence of continuity of care. And then we are now authorizing the treatments across the board so we do see the utilization trending downwards as we apply our criteria. And overall, again, we still believe that Hidalgo service area will trend down to the more normal areas by the third and fourth quarters. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Josh. Jesse Hunter. So I think a couple of things in Kentucky, obviously, we have -- in every state there is an ongoing eligibility determination so there will be people that can come on or come off of Medicaid eligibility at any particular time and you've got membership choice and other factors that could impact some movement up and down. So I wouldn't overread to your first question. I wouldn't overread the movement in Kentucky along those lines. But specifically, for retros, we do believe that we've had a disproportionate share of the retros. We've received a disproportionate shares of those. And so with this rebalancing that will be effective on 9/1, we would expect to get less new members via retro assignment and they could have a small impact on the membership side, but an important impact on the cost side in Kentucky. 
Jesse Hunter: No, I think the membership in aggregate has been reasonably stable. I think, Josh, though it's -- I would not expect it to be broader. Our market share has been relatively flat since the state's gone through their changes and the end of the choice period that happened earlier this year. So we are going to see some changes, slight changes from month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter as it relates to the eligibility process, number of choice, et cetera. What we're talking about is those members that initiated their eligibility process long ago, all the way back to November, we continue to see some of those members come in. And while small in number, they are big in impact. 
Jesse Hunter: Scott, Jesse Hunter. So a couple of points. First on the risk adjustment, obviously, that's a quarterly calculation as we talked about before. Our risk-adjusted rates for 7/1, our risk score, if you will, is consistent for the July 1 rates with what we had for April 1. So we do not expect any changes associated with that for the third quarter. And then just -- as you look more broadly in terms of where the state is, there are some of the things we were talking about, both risk adjustment and then what the action of the state is taking with respect to the distribution of retros are both in the kind of the 0 sum category. So that shifting the membership shifting costs across the MCOs. I think our discussions with the state, as Michael alluded to in his comments, are really at the programmatic level. And we think right now, the issues affect all plans, and the program in totality is not on the successful and sustainable path. So in our conversations with respect to policy changes and other actions, that both we can take and that the state can take, it's in respect to getting the program where it needs to be. 
Jesse Hunter: Scott, it's Jesse. At this point, what they are doing is reallocating the retroactively eligible members across the 3 plans effective September 1. So this would be a go-forward change. You're not changing broadly eligibility process, but changing the distribution. As I mentioned previously, we are getting a disproportionate share of those and we would expect going as effective 9/1 to be getting our proportionate share of those numbers. 
Jesse Hunter: Unfortunately, Scott, we're not in a position to share some of that. Those are some of the conversations that we are having as we go with the actuaries data book and other processes. So we're not in a position where we can share that at this point. But we are confident that we are getting a disproportionate share of those today. 
Jesse Hunter: Sure, Scott. So with respect to Louisiana there are some moving parts. And as we talk on a lot of these things, we want to make sure we have kind of finality, if you will, to rates before we talk about those. But there obviously has been discussion broadly about the rates in Louisiana. As we saw -- as we've seen in the number of markets recently, there is a question of both of the gross rate impact and the net rate impact. So what the state is contemplating in conjunction with some of their discussions with CMS on federal matching rates, et cetera, is also adjusting the state fee schedules. And so there, while we anticipate changes to the state fee schedules that would be generally commensurate with the changes in our rates. And so, while we can obviously provide more specificity to that as we get more specificity and finality to it, but I don't think it's fair to say that we would -- I'd be expecting a net 3.7% rate decrease in Louisiana. 
Jesse Hunter: Peter, it's Jesse. Just to add to that, there was not, I would say, total clarity at this point with respect to what the state is going to do. We know what they're not going to do, which is, I know they've obviously come out and said that they're going to delay. There are some other questions with respect to potential populations and timing, which are very much open at this point. So it wouldn't be, I think, appropriate for us to give any more specificity than that. 
Jesse Hunter: I will just add to that. We're having these conversations, Chris, with the state and the actuaries with respect to the data book. Those 2 conversations are not limited to retros. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. I think that Kentucky was a special situation and I would put that on, over to the side. I think even Texas for the whole year will turn out to be fairly reasonable. And the new markets in general that we will get into, I would start it in 90% HBR plus or minus probably 100 to 200 basis points in those ranges each of the individual states. I think as Michael indicated, in several of these, they are already in managed care. So there's less of that issue to have to deal with. And we think the new markets we're entering are anchored on the 90%. 
Jesse Hunter: So, Michael, it's Jesse Hunter. I think states -- either at the state level and at the CMS level, I think there is a broad and strong recognition of the importance of integration of the behavioral health benefit. And even when you look at these integrated demonstration programs that's both integration of products across Medicaid and Medicare but also across benefits. So behavioral pharmacy and other pieces. So we think that, that will be consistent and I think it will be one of the criteria that states will look to, as well as experience but also the assets and capabilities that the companies like Centene have. 
Jesse Hunter: Now, Scott, this is Jesse. We haven't gotten into specific comments with respect to our pricing on the Medicare side. So we wouldn't be prepared to comment on that. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. I think just -- I mean, directionally as we have said before, the Medicare SNP business, while we have 5 states this year moving to 6 next year, yes, we still expect that portion to be a -- that product to be a small portion of the overall portfolio. And we've got significant focus on the duals opportunities across markets. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. Just I think it's important to note, Tom, that they had, while we were awarded the statewide contract, in the context of our building out our network and the working with the provider community and working with the state, there was one county, a large county, which we did not enter because we -- in the context of discipline on the contracting side, we could not come to terms of an acceptable and sustainable contract with some of the key providers in one of the larger markets. So as a result, our membership has been -- is lower as a starting point than what we had previously contemplated and what you or others may have estimated. But we think that, that was obviously an appropriate action for us to take given our long-term interest in the market. And as Michael indicated, that we think that 50,000 to 60,000 is a good base line and we see an opportunity to grow from there. 
