Michael F. Neidorff: When the state doesn't include it in the formulary, it's not a covered expense, Josh. Now in discussions, the states know that, and at the same time, we're having discussions that when they do decide to exclude it, if they have their own guidelines for use of something, they're paying the cost.
Michael F. Neidorff: One, it's just not paid. It's a denied benefit. It's not a covered benefit in the state of Texas. The state of Texas knows it's not on the formulary and we are obligated to follow state guidelines.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I mean, they work it out. And they -- I'm sure the state is working through it. We'll follow the state guidelines and then we'll manage it consistent with appropriate guidelines, as we've done everywhere else. I think we also have to keep in mind that if you think about the number of requests they probably get, take the 16% of the total population of all hepatitis may be qualified. But it's exclusive to those that are severely ill. And then you take those at a level where they need it, so the numbers may not be quite as large as it might seem in our population. That's to be proven.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's about 2% pretax this quarter, and we're looking for -- to move it to a 3% level and that's still our goal, to continue to improve margin. As Bill said, Q1 tends to be an unusual quarter.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think we are forecasting what we expect we'll see from Texas and all our states throughout the course of the year. And in case of Texas, for example, we're in discussions now on the coverage of it and the reimbursement of it. So all the things that we know today to be factors in it, we've put in our revised guidance.
Michael F. Neidorff: No. I mean, Acaria, of course, is one of the largest providers of the hepatitis C drug and other specialty pharmas and so we're seeing some of the benefit of that. But it's a mix of specialty pharma. You may recall that when we entered that business as a strategic entry, we saw, with specialty pharma, it would be moving to 40% of the pharmacy spend and growing from there. So Kevin, it's really all a case of just anticipating that and seeing it come through across a mix, including the hepatitis C drugs.
Michael F. Neidorff: In long-term care, we've talked around Florida expansion. There's been a lot of appropriately positive results.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think, we -- Kevin, we've used the words abundance of conservatism. We want to be reasonably conservative as you look at some of these new businesses.
Michael F. Neidorff: No, I think what we've said is that we expect that if Texas includes it, the discussions we're in, we expect that there'll be some incremental compensation to cover it, and that's based on discussions we're having. And in other states, is the business starts to grow, we're watching it, we're talking to them, but we're also taking a very responsible approach to it because as we also alluded to, there are some savings we think that can occur because the hep C patient does accrue medical costs, inpatient and others, throughout the course of the year. So we're working very carefully with the medical management people, the health economics, to look at the total effect, and we're talking with the states about it in a very responsible way. And we're really taking advantage of the data warehouse and information we have real-time to show them the overall impact, and so we expect that to be compensated appropriately. Historically, it always has.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think there's 2 factors. One, we said that some of the acuity is kind of hard with the limited amount of time to say absolutely, but this population is -- 80% is subsidized population and so we have to look at it -- I'm sorry. I was confusing the Medicaid...
Michael F. Neidorff: We have had the ongoing -- we've had the ongoing discussions with them and they're engaged, their actuaries are engaged with our actuaries. Everybody is looking at it. We've stated historically that one of the things they're looking at is a reimbursement of what that tax is, once it's known at the end of their fiscal year, which is September 30. September 1, the new year starts, obviously. And so we're working with them on that alternative, and we have no reason to believe that it'll be anything but approved. If you think about it, when you have the number of states that have already done it because it's logical, appropriate and necessary to maintain actuarially sound rates, it would be pretty difficult for any one state at this point to say, "No, our state can do it and still be actuarially sound." We're working with them in a very responsible way. Texas has always, as we talked about historically, always worked with us based on the kind of data we've had and we're not -- we see no reason to think it will be different this time.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I think it's very important to get it right because, I mean, this is not the last time we're going to be looking at hep C and other drugs where this principle may apply. So you work very hard establishing the database with the state that you use, doing it in a responsible way, and it really will smooth the way for future negotiations as well. So we're taking a very kind of a holistic -- we're taking not only a holistic, we're taking a very long-term look, Sarah.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's in the new business category. So we bifurcated new business, and now which we've had on the books for the year, so it will fall into the new business, and that tends to be in the 90s, high 90s in some cases. But -- then it starts to normalize over the course of the year and by the time we consider that, they're no longer new.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's important, we're gaining experience from it. We had experience in the original Celtic business, where we -- the priority [ph] here, we're gaining more experience. But I'll remind you it's under 40,000 lives of a business that has close to 3 million lives in it, so it would take a lot to move the needle.
Michael F. Neidorff: We have Texas that comes due end of the year. We have Georgia, I think, this July. We have Florida in October....
Michael F. Neidorff: I might also add, these are all states that have good actuaries, that work with our actuaries, so it's not an unknown negotiation to us.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think -- I want to be very careful. I understand the question, but I think it's up to Acaria and its client companies to talk about that utilization versus us. Notably, I want to be respectful of that because we have a very strong Chinese wall between the specialty companies and our health plans.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think we said -- as we said in the comments, that our anticipated utilization of those drugs has been updated and built into our guidance, so we have taken a look at what we expect. We gave you the numbers on the beginning and we've moved away from the number of patients as opposed to the dollar cost because of the shifts and how states are going at it. And I want to be very careful, we want to be careful because one could easily start to mislead if we're not careful, and so we've been careful on that. But it's not a material issue.
Michael F. Neidorff: We're only thinking about it that, one, as we said, it has a very strong management, well respected in that marketplace. It's giving us some early experience in working in an international market, using our capabilities to supplement their capabilities from a system standpoint, and it is an ACO-type product. They have a fully integrated system. So it's really a case of gaining some of that experience. And as it grows, there may be opportunities to expand it there. But that's going to be really managed at the local level, and we're in a joint venture with a very valuable partner, a strong partner and well respected. So it just was the right opportunity to gain experience in that particular market. In my own background in prior lives, I was in international with Alka-Seltzer, One A Day, [indiscernible], so a lot of consumer products, and knew Spain to be a strong, responsible market. They have not had the same issues as others with sovereign debt. It's been more an overbuilding in the construction area. So it just was the right opportunity, Ana.
Michael F. Neidorff: I don't -- our focus domestically does not change. I mean, this is a large market. There is no absence of opportunities, which we continue to take advantage of. It has opportunities to continue to build on Spain and start to develop some of that, I think that's important. I've come to the conclusion that I think it's important, if you're going to be a leader in your field, to have some kind of global perspective. And we, as a management team, have come together on that and said, that's essential to really developing a true leadership role in anything you do in the world we're in today. Rone, anything you want to add? No? Okay.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, in the correctional care, obviously, there's the feeling that there's a higher propensity for hep C in that environment. But we are protected on that. We saw that kind of thing and that's going in the rates. Regards to the total numbers, obviously, as the population grows, the numbers grow up, but our ability to manage has been changed and improving so I'm just getting away from the numbers. What we've given you I think is important, this $2.6 million increase year-over-year on a larger membership base. So that said, it's well within our guidance and is being well managed.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think what's really important and I think the differentiator is that having Acaria gives us a clear insight and understanding as any of their clients would get, the impact of some of the specialty drugs and what's happened, what the appropriate use is, working with the clinical people. It's a nice place to be.
Michael F. Neidorff: I really don't have those numbers at hand, Tom, and the numbers that -- we really moved to disclosing dollars because the next thing some of you -- you get so detailed that then -- by state, how many -- and it's just cumbersome to try and get into that level of detail.
Michael F. Neidorff: I said we told -- I think we've said that it moved on the -- some of you might say it's almost relatively flat year-over-year, the expense, because of the increased membership. Now we said we're up $2.6 million and that's a -- I think that's an important number because you have $2.6 million to $7.3 million, was it? Okay. So I think that says something. I think you start looking what the increased membership was. It says it's really relatively flat, and we'll just continue to manage it. What we have emphasized -- everybody is worried about Sovaldi. It's 16% of the total hep C population that -- we're talking about that's appropriate for genotype 2 and 3. There are some in genotype 1 that have some very severe cirrhosis, where the World Health Organization might say it's appropriate with interferon and a lot of other things. But our job is that -- my job is not to become a medical expert, when it's done and when it's not, but just look at the overall criteria. We're glad the drug exists for those people that need it. We see it as a curative thing. We see it having some real long-term benefit. We've talked to our states, the states understand the cost. We're sharing with them the data that we need, not just the cost of the drug, but what we think over time as we get the data will be the savings because hep C patients are expensive to begin with. You had a hospitalization, it becomes very expensive. So if you're now cured in 3 months' period of time versus -- that's a nice offset because there's so much data out there that we could be misleading. We say it's this number, the next time it's down. Was it something you denied more? No, it just means we have a different population applied.
Michael F. Neidorff: I would say that we saw a reasonable demand. We saw a demand that we relatively expected to see based on responsible outside guidelines and not just our guidelines, World Health Organization, other groups, the FDA, other guidelines that are out there that we use. These are not just internally developed guidelines. We're using national and internationally recognized guidelines. And that's really what the states expect us to do.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think this has been a strong quarter. We thank you for the insightful questions that you ask. I hope we would answer them. We look forward to seeing you on June 13 for our next Investor Day. And I'm sure we'll have more information and more things to share with you. Thank you, everyone. Take care.
K. Rone Baldwin: I think Washington is one state where the impact of Medicaid expansion has been very significant. But also, it is -- I would say, broadly, if you look at our membership statistics, we can't see broadly the impact of the woodwork effect that's been talked about. But I do think that in Washington, there is some clear signs that the woodwork effect has had an impact there as well. And the third piece of it is that there has been some meaningful enrollment in the exchange product in Washington also. So all 3 of those have contributed to the sequential increase of membership in Washington.
K. Rone Baldwin: Just to comment on the exchange membership growth. The 39,700 as of March 31, again, that's paid membership, just to clarify on it. But basically, to be effectuated by that date, you had to select a plan by February 15. So -- the way the deadlines work. We, along with a number of others, I think you saw a fairly significant surge of enrollment ahead of the March 15 date and then that continued up to the April 1, and then there's been some kind of people that have been in line that have continued to enroll after that April 1 date as well. So basically, the view on the second quarter reflects that significant surge of enrollment that we've seen since the February 15 date, which is the cutoff date to have effectuated membership for the March 31 number. And we've seen that already with respect to our April 1 membership, and we expect to see that with the May 1 numbers, and we think that we'll be reporting something in that vicinity when it comes time for the second quarter earnings call that we have. In terms of the 2015, we are looking to continue to be in the states and the service areas that we're in today, and we're looking for -- looking at what I would characterize as a modest level of expansion in some of the states that we're in today. And we may or may not expand the number of states that we're in, but it would be -- if we do it, it's going to be very modest in terms of what we look to expand in at this point.
K. Rone Baldwin: Well, we're certainly going to reflect what the changes are in the reinsurance program, what we think about the scenarios for the risk corridor program in terms of how we price for 2015, and we're in the thick of that kind of right now leading up to the filing dates, which are basically pretty much around the end of May. So we'll have to see how all that plays out in terms of looking at how our rates land for 2015. It's really kind of too early for me to judge at this point.
K. Rone Baldwin: Well, on -- as Bill mentioned, I mean, it's still early to give kind of an overall judgment about what we're seeing in terms of claims on the exchange members. But on the pharmacy claims data, we're not seeing anything unduly concerning at this point in time.
K. Rone Baldwin: Just one thing I will point out. I think that some of the comparisons have been against a commercial population that you've seen. I mean, we did not anticipate that the acuity of this population would be in line with commercial populations. We priced for something that was a higher morbidity than that. So in some ways, what we're seeing is not out of line with what our expectations are or -- and certainly not -- nothing concerning at this point.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think the first quarter is usually a little tighter quarter on the margins. And I think as the year goes on, we'll see continued expansion of the margins and -- because we've got a lot of new business in areas like long-term care and we're recording at higher levels of HBR in the initial period of operation. So as the year progresses, I think that -- we'll put some of that behind us.
William N. Scheffel: Okay, so the health insurer fee, as what we've said, is we recorded approximately $30 million of revenue related to the reimbursement for the health insurer fee and we also expensed about $30 million. Right now, what we said is we've -- originally, I think I had said we expected the year to be around $135 million of total cost for 2014. And I think based on some of the refinement of the -- splitting out the long-term care revenue in a couple of our markets, that number has come down to a little below $130 million for the year. And so again, we continue to feel that we're required to expense the fee on a quarterly basis and record the revenue. We have the signed agreements, and we expect this is a timing issue within the year when this will take care of itself.
William N. Scheffel: I think that's probably true. I think what we said -- remember, when we started the year in our early discussions in December, we didn't have a lot in there for duals. And as we've got further into 2014, those start dates have crystallized a little better and so we've been adding that revenue in, particularly in the second half of the year.
William N. Scheffel: And we have more Medicaid expansion membership than we originally anticipated. A few things like that, that have driven the increase in the revenue guidance for the year.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think there is improvement in stuff that's already on. But we have -- in Florida, we have a pretty significant expansion coming in, in the Medicaid business. And so again, we'll probably have additional reserves in the initial period of operation for that as one of the drivers in the next couple of quarters.
William N. Scheffel: Well, no. And I think also the new revenue we're talking about putting on, the increase in our revenue guidance, on the duals, we're pretty conservative on what the HBR is going to be on that in the initial period also.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, the Medicaid expansion population is still early, but those rates were generally separately calculated and so -- and usually higher than the normal rates that we receive. So there's nothing that we've seen at this point in time on Medicaid expansion membership, the 100,000 members, to say that those -- the HBR there would be out of line at this point.
William N. Scheffel: I think that that's a good run rate for the year at this point in time. I think it includes both the acquisition of Acaria and U.S. Medical Management in that line item now, and a few other things. But I think, if anything, it probably will increase over the rest of the year.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think those conversations are ongoing in all of our states, so obviously we're not the only ones impacted by this. And when you have high-cost items, there's always going to be discussions on how to include that in the rates for actuarial soundness purposes or whether it's going to be carved out and covered separately by the state. So each state looks at their own program to figure out how to handle that and those discussions are ongoing, and I think everybody recognizes that this is a little different situation in terms of the magnitude of the cost, and so I think it will be worked out. I think over the long run, it will be included in the rates. How it goes through 2014 is still to be determined on some of these, but as we indicated, Michael's comments gave you the amount of the hep C drug costs for Q1 this year and last year, and I think you got to remember that we had hep C costs in the past, too, so it's incremental impact that has to be considered.
William N. Scheffel: I think in California, it's going well. We've been -- we're in 2 areas of the state, in Imperial County in the south and 17 counties, I think, in the north. We've gotten just good membership growth since we've come in there. It's been a good state for us. Nothing, I think, of any consequence that -- nothing out of line with our expectations.
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I think, right now, the business expansion costs tend to go up a little bit in the second quarter as we add Florida in, and then a little lesser in the second half. But still, because we're adding duals in other places, it will continue to be there. I think the increase, the $0.05 increase that we added is primarily due to the additional revenue that we've added coming on. We expect the duals to have an impact in the second half and so we've added some expansion costs, start-up costs related to that.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think over the year, I think we will continue to have a lower G&A ratio as we get some of the start-up costs behind us and we -- once the revenue starts, it obviously helps us quite a bit. So I think we've seen quite a bit of leverage on our G&A ratio over the last couple of years based on our revenue growth. So we expect that to continue although, obviously, the larger it gets, the harder it is to make those dramatic increases, but we continue to see that benefit coming forward in 2014.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think that's true. Right now, we don't have a lot of experience to really zero in on what the run rate's going to be for that, as we're adding a lot of membership in the months of March, April and May, as Rone went over. So we're still probably in the mid-80s in terms of our estimate for the exchange HBR.
William N. Scheffel: I think some of that differential comes from adding in the additional service lines in the correctional business.
William N. Scheffel: Our numbers and guidance numbers, we have not presumed any retroactive adjustment at this point in time. As we indicated, the incremental cost in the first quarter of that was $2.5 million on a $3-plus billion of revenue in the first quarter, so it wasn't particularly significant. That can grow as additional members are added to this drug, but I think that, as we talked about, the discussions with the state are to be able to include that in the rates in some fashion going forward.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think -- yes, in the duals, I think we're in the high 90s right now in terms of our estimates for the initial periods of operations, usually the first 6 months, and so...
William N. Scheffel: I would say it's primarily seasonality. It's not unusual for us to have a higher HBR in the first quarter and then lower in particularly the second and third quarters due to the seasonality.
William N. Scheffel: I think what we're doing is not accruing anything on risk adjustment because that's still unknown, but we're applying the other 2Ps -- the other 2Rs in terms of the reinsurance and the risk corridor to follow those guidelines. But again, it's very early in Q1 to have any idea on where the overall HBR is going to end up for the year because we're still going to add this membership.
William N. Scheffel: I think it's all of the above. I think what we've done is we've tightened our margins with some of our internal business. And we've added in the AcariaHealth specialty pharmacy business, which has a lower margin in general. It's just the higher volume that we have, quite frankly, given this lower margin.
William N. Scheffel: We're seeing basically below the level of costs for pharmacy than we might have originally anticipated from this membership. Again, a lot of this membership is just coming on so...
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I mean, particularly in Texas, I think we've seen an overall decline in the market, but our market share has stayed the same. So each state goes through their own enrollment process, and sometimes, the employment levels -- increases in unemployment and decreases in unemployment could have an impact on the overall statewide membership. And so in Texas at this point in time, we don't see anything unusual because, as I said, we kept our same market share. In Louisiana, I think it's a question of just going through some open enrollment processes and members have shifted a little bit to some shared risk plans.
William N. Scheffel: I don't think that's changed. I think we're saying that the HBR is the mid-80s for this population right now. And with the -- the G&A costs are higher for the managing the exchange population and different aspects of it. So we haven't changed our overall view on the exchange results for the year at this point and continue to believe it would be breakeven to a small loss.
William N. Scheffel: I think we're probably in excess of 70% at this point in time. I don't know if we have that particular calculation at our fingertips, but the second-half rate increases are the ones that are still open and, obviously, Texas is large. For the 4 months of the year, that's still to be determined. Florida, the rates -- I think the initial rates are known for the Medicaid expansion, so not as much of an issue.
William N. Scheffel: No, I think what we expect to see is as we gain scale and add revenues, that our G&A ratio will continue to come down. We expect it to come down quarter-by-quarter throughout 2014, and we'll update every quarter as to where we think our guidance is for the year as we learn more.
William N. Scheffel: I think the primary shift is that Kansas, which started January '13, moved into the existing business for the first quarter of this year. And so when you add in the ratios, the HBR for Kansas, that's what the primary change is between the 2.
William N. Scheffel: I don't think we can quantify the impact -- any dollar impact to the weather. Obviously, there were quite a few markets that were impacted. In Georgia, there was almost a week at one point where they were shut down to a great extent, and so you have lower utilization during those periods. Some of that will come back later on, but not all of it. And so we're net ahead in that regard. And then I think that the second part was -- of the Q1, it's the same as every other quarter. We've got our methodologies applying for the HBR, which have stayed the same. You could see the amount of development we recorded for the first quarter of last year and our roll forward in the press release, and I'd say it's normal. Clearly, what we have is we have real-time pharmacy data, so we know those numbers. We have an inventory method for in-patient claims or we keep track of who's been authorized and who's been admitted, an estimate of what the cost of that's going to be, and then there's more of a lag then in the other categories, physicians, specialists, things like that, outpatient.
Mary V. Mason: We have, right now, Texas and Kansas. However, most states have placed this on the PDLs. There's others that are in the process through state P&T committees that are reviewing these agents for their ultimate positioning.
Mary V. Mason: Right. And we have the right for prior authorization, working with the states. And you can see now how, especially the states of California, Ohio, Indiana, now are putting in initiation of therapy for only -- for advanced liver disease. So -- and we continue to have very active discussions with the state on the development of those PA policies.
Mary V. Mason: Yes, actually, if you start looking through the prior authorizations, many states now are now following the new World Health Organization guidelines that really calls for the initiation of treatment-only members with advanced liver disease such as cirrhosis, end-stage liver disease.
Mary V. Mason: I mean, as I said, Texas is probably the one that everybody is focused on. All the states are looking at this and everybody's in different stages of looking at this. I think the key thing, too, is just working with the states on the prior authorization, making sure that it's strong clinical policy when we are evaluating this drug.
Mary V. Mason: Oh, no, we're paying for these. Texas is the only one where it's not on the PDL where we're not paying claims. There's other states that are still having them go through it. It's not on the PDL, and I think Kansas is a good thing. We are paying claims, but it's really the prior authorization piece that we're working with that state on.
Scott J. Fidel: Okay. So it sounds like the majority of states were actually still in process, right? That there are only a few states that had finalized...
Scott J. Fidel: Okay. Then just had a question just on the specialty earnings relative to the Medicaid earnings, the segment earnings. Looks like the Medicaid earnings were up quite substantially year-over-year, but the Q showed the specialty earnings were down year-over-year and cited lower margins in the pharmacy business. Is that a function of the changes in mix as all the revenues from the hep -- the specialty drugs ramp up? Or is that essentially a lower-margin business? Or just talk a little bit about the pharmacy margins year-over-year.
Scott J. Fidel: Okay. If I can just sneak one last question into -- just on the exchanges. I know that the claims data is still very limited, but we've had a couple of the PBMs have put out some releases, highlighting some of the initial claims, the activity they're seeing and seeing much higher specialty drug utilization amongst the public exchange members. I'm just interested if that's what you're seeing as well in your exchange business or if you're seeing different type of pharmacy claims trends.
Ana Gupte: Okay. So switching gears on to exchanges. From my understanding, I think from a question that was asked earlier, you're expecting mid-80s MLR. So that would translate to assuming you're not changing your outlook for the rest of the year on exchange margins just given where you're guiding on your HBR and you haven't changed that. Does that now mean that you're looking at this as a, given where you've priced, sort of a low-positive single-digit margin opportunity? It sounded like at your Investor Day and 4Q '13, you were guiding to something more of breakeven to negative, if I wasn't mistaken.
Ana Gupte: Got it. And then finally, on the -- not again beating a dead horse, on Sovaldi, is it about 54 cases or so still? I think you had mentioned a number like that in March and is it the same? And in correctional care, is that excluding or including correctional care? You did say you have contractual protection on that.
Ana Gupte: That is helpful. It's impressive because when I've done the estimate, I came up with something like 300 cases for you, assuming IMS script data was right, just allocating. With United, it was exactly in line roughly with their $100 million, so you're definitely doing a tighter job of managing the treatment, that looks like it.
