Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. I think 2 important points there. One is just the confidence in the overall HBR. And I think as we look back over the last 2 cycles, we have seen rapid growth in the market overall and, obviously, growth in our book. It's more than doubled in the last 2 years. And I think we've tracked very well to the HBR implications of that. So understanding where SEP growth may have pressured margins in year, but then the fact that the sophomore effect of that growth that we accumulated last year starts to play out this year is consistent with our expectations.  So again, I think the team has demonstrated a really solid ability to track the moving parts, which gives us confidence in the performance of that book. We've also, as we've talked about in the past, implemented a really strong program around clinical initiatives. And so that has continued to mature, which I think also helps overall management of the book.  And then relative to the visibility on change, maybe I'll just hit that sort of broadly because I think that question probably applies across lines of business, and as I said in my remarks, just incredibly proud of how the teams mobilized here in our response, demonstrating operational agility prioritizing member access to care and then a huge push around getting out to providers and finding every way possible to get them reconnected as fast as possible so that they could get paid and they can support our members, which is priority #1. And then, of course, we can have the visibility that we need.   And on that point, throughout that process, we had very solid visibility from an inpatient perspective because [ OPPS ] were not disturbed at any point during that process. Centene also has a long-standing practice of using received claims, not paid, which Drew has talked about before. And so outpatient visibility was good coming into that incident on a relative basis and then being able to catch up quickly as a result of providers reconnected. So the highest point, we were missing mid-teens percentage of our claims. So by the time we closed the quarter, the impact was very modest, and we accounted for that in our financial processes. 
Sarah London: Thanks, Justin. Yes, as we said before, our expectation for Marketplace is that we will be well within our target 5% to 7.5% range in 2024. That has not changed.  And then I'll let Drew get into the details on PDP. 
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Josh. Maybe I'll take the last question first and say that as we look at the landscape today the -- again, the tie between Medicare and Medicaid and what that produces in terms of long-term growth opportunity, we see as very compelling. And so we're always evaluating how the landscape changes, but we're very committed to rebuilding our Medicare franchise focused on the low-income complex members and using that to drive growth across both lines of business. Obviously see opportunity for earnings contribution and then longer-term growth in that business.  Relative to 2025, certainly a more challenging rate environment than I think most might have expected. But again, we're really focused on building a high-quality sort of durable franchise that will allow us to remain agile as the landscape shifts. What hasn't changed for us is -- and the things that we can control are STARS, as Drew said, the biggest lever being 2/3 of performance improvement for Medicare and then SG&A and clinical initiatives, which we remain focused on and are on track.  Obviously, too early, as you said, to discuss bid strategy. But we do continue to see volume as the lever as we sharpen the focus of the book, position to support those quality improvement efforts and make county-by-county decisions to improve profitability. I think it's also too early to weigh in on a PDR, but we're obviously taking into account all of the factors as we think about the guidance that we set and sort of the balance of the year as we come through finalizing those decisions over the next 6 to 8 weeks. 
Sarah London: Yes, Nathan, thanks for the question. So we -- and we talked about this a little bit earlier this year, but we intentionally came into the 2024 cycle redesigning our product offerings with the duals population, again, low-income complex population more broadly in mind. And we're really pleased with how the team executed during AEP. And that is inclusive of product design, but it's also being really thoughtful about what distribution channels best reach those members and the experience that really drives loyalty among that population.  And so saw an uptick in the concentration of duals in our overall population in this AEP, consistent with what we were looking for. And I think that bodes well in terms of our team's ability to really understand that population to leverage the local knowledge that we have and that synergy across the Medicaid and Medicare population in serving these members, those local community resources that matter in terms of driving health outcomes.  So all that is to say, I think it bodes well in terms of being able to design products as we go into the 2025 cycle and drive further focus in the book on that population to continue to yield those members to whom we feel like we're going to deliver the best value over the long term. 
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, A.J. You're right. So we're 9 -- roughly 90% of the way through redeterminations from a membership standpoint. Obviously, the cumulative member months impact sort of trails that a little bit. And we do think that the tail of membership will run through Q2 and Q3 and sort of largely be complete by that point.  I would say the nice thing is that I don't think that we have seen -- we've not had to wait to see sort of the shifting risk pool. We've been watching that really closely, and that's part of the preparation of the team did leading into this process over a year ago, which allowed us to have those proactive modeling conversations with our state partners through the rate cycles in the last year. And we're mirroring that same process as we move through the rate updates that Drew talked about between 7/1 and 10/1.  And so really sort of trying to address the bolus of any dislocation between rate and acuity in that cycle, but obviously leaving open, as we said before, the idea that some of that tailwind of margin will get picked back up in '25 and possibly trailing a little bit into '26. And that's where we see the recovery in terms of that basis point on the margin. 
Sarah London: Yes. And the only thing I would add, which is just that as we've watched the team sort of work through the complexity of this process where we have encountered those targeted dislocations, I've just been really impressed with how our teams have stepped up to that dialogue. There is clarity on the drivers. It's a very data-driven approach. They've clearly built really solid collaborative dialogue with our state partners and are really solutions-oriented in how they step into those conversations. And so I think building credibility with our state partners as we work through this process has been consistent throughout and, I think, again sort of creates the framework to get back to a matching state and get that tailwind opportunity. 
Sarah London: Sure. Thanks, George. So quality, obviously a top priority for the organization regardless of line of business. But we remain very focused on STARS because of the impact it has for the Medicare trajectory. Very pleased with the work underway, engagement across the organization. We're leveraging a comprehensive governance process, and that has given us great visibility in terms of progress on initiatives at a detailed level.  Based on what we know today, we believe that we have maintained last year's progress and made additional advancements on admin and ops programs and metrics, which, you'll remember, was sort of the focus in the first cycle. And then in this past cycle, HEDIS and CAHPS were most in focus for us. We're in the middle of those processes. Those will wrap up in the next 30 to 60 days. We also have TTY that's still in flight.  So those are the last pieces that will land here towards the end of Q2 and then allow us to sort of rerun projections with a high degree of -- higher degree of confidence as we look to October. And so expect more detail in terms of what we're looking for in October on the Q2 call. But overall, just really pleased with how the team continues to show up, and again, alignment across the organization that this is a critical priority. 
Sarah London: Thanks, Lance, for the question, mostly because I don't think I can brag enough about our pharmacy team and the phenomenal job they did in such a massive undertaking. We've talked before about how well that went, January 1. But I think everybody who's been through something that significant knows that you don't just drop the mic the next day. And so these folks have continued to work tirelessly over the last couple of months to make sure that, that process just gets smoother and smoother for our members. We've had great collaboration with ESI. And so trajectory on that front just continues to be really positive.  And then I'll let Drew talk a little bit about the step-up in the economics and some of the GLP-1 activity. 
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone. Appreciate the time and interest this morning. Overall, we are pleased with how we're powering through a dynamic landscape and with the progress that we've demonstrated so far. So appreciate you joining us, and we'll see you next quarter. 
Andrew Asher: Yes, Stephen, in Q1, we did have a fair amount of state-directed payments. In fact, some states, we believe, in response to the Change incident, accelerated a number of those. That actually also had about a 20-basis-point impact on our Q1 Medicaid HBR relative to our expectations of a normal level of state-directed payments. So that also showed up in our premium revenue. So you can't quite annualize Q1.  And there could be a little bit more -- we expect a little bit more redetermination attrition through Q2, maybe a little bit into Q3. But then on the flip side, we've got some growth coming in as well. So that would be the progression of Medicaid revenue throughout the rest of the year.  Medicare, probably a little bit more attrition throughout the year as we prepare for our 2025 bids and the bid decisions we're going to make in terms of where we want to emphasize, where we want to deemphasize products, PBPs, states, age contracts for '25. So we will probably have a little bit more attrition in Medicare Advantage as planned throughout the year. So those are some of the things to think through.  Marketplace, we're assuming flat at 4.3 million members. Hopefully, there is some upside there, to your point, in premium and service revenue if we can grow during the SEP. But we just didn't want to bet on that in guidance.   You also asked about Medicaid HBR. Yes, so we came in at 90.9% for the quarter. We definitely expect 20 of that sort of being pressed on by the state-directed payments above our expectations. But we've got some work to do. We've got initiatives to drive down the HBR from the Q1 level. Remember that half of our rates -- about half of our rates show up in that 7/1 to 10/1 time frame. I think that's a little bit higher distribution than the industry broadly in Medicaid. But so far, so good there in a number of cases.  And there's always states where we've got to make sure that we're presenting the data, whether it's a PBM carve-out or behavior health costs and changes in state practices that we're getting paid for that, but that's more normal course stuff. So we do expect to drive down that 90.9% throughout the rest of the year. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. So PDP, and I hit this at the Barclays conference, which -- for which the replay is available. But let me go over more of this because it's a really good question. And you're right, the impact of the Inflation Reduction Act, we had some of that this year in '24 -- 2024. But the real larger change is coming '25, to your point, Justin. So for '24, the direct subsidy went up for the first time since 2010, and it went from $2 to $29. And to your point, that drives revenue yield because the direct subsidy is what the federal government pays to the payer based upon all the payers' bids.  And so for '25, we actually think, now that we've gotten risk scores by member since that March conference, we can rip through the mechanics of cost share and the changes around how quickly the members can get to the maximum amount of pocket, it's likely more than $100 increase to that $29. And that's driven by, to your point, the catastrophic phase going from 20% to 60%. So we're underwriting that now. And the good news is we've been in this business since 2006. We've got all the data. So we're just taking a slice of risk that we've been administering anyhow.  I mentioned the member out of pocket. You had to think through that and any behavior changes in the members. Very good point on the bad debt. Hopefully, people are thinking about that, the MPPP program, where the members can essentially smooth out the cost share. You do have to assume, yes, some bad debt. We've got data from our Marketplace business that we're using to triangulate where we think that should be bid. And then manufacturer behavior with all the changes to the IRA impacting manufacturers, thinking about what they might do with some of their behaviors.  So you're right, all of that goes into the bid process, and it should drive the direct subsidy up significantly, which will drive the yield up. And we will think about the balance between membership retention in PDP because you're right. Naturally, that business is going to grow a fair amount from a revenue standpoint based upon the direct subsidy going up. So thanks for asking about that. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. You're right on seasonality of the PDP business in our Medicare segment. So unlike a commercial business where you got deductibles in the beginning of the year and your HBR goes up through the year, it's the opposite in PDP. So we still feel good about the range around 90% for our Medicare segment HBR for the full year.  Underneath that trend, outpatient still elevated but consistent with that higher level since Q2 of '23. And we've got assumptions of that perpetuating throughout '24 embedded in our forecast. Inpatient, as I said earlier, a little bit of a tick-up in authorizations in January, February. It's good to see a little bit of relief in March relative to February, but still elevated relative to Q1. So we've thought about that going forward as well.  And then we've got good performance in Medicare. There's other clinical initiatives that we've been able to execute on and getting paid the right amount of revenue as well that have helped sort of curtail some of that inpatient authorization. So I feel pretty good about Q1 and expect that to sort of carry on through the year. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. So you're right. We need to take out, I said, at least 200 basis points of SG&A over the next few years to be -- to get to sort of where we want to get to in Medicare Advantage. And the plans are on track to do that. Think about -- WellCare had well below 1 million members, well below 1 million members when WellCare came into the Centene combination. And WellCare was at scale and operating effectively and efficiently. So the scale -- we're not really concerned about scale issues with Medicare even as we expect a little bit more attrition as we prioritize the strategic goals of being in Medicare and the tie-in to Medicaid, to your point, the footprint matching up as well as prioritizing margin recovery over the next few years, driven predominantly by STARS but other levers like SG&A that we're talking about here and clinical initiatives.  So it's certainly a much higher SG&A ratio than Medicaid because you've got distribution costs and open enrollment costs and things like that. And Marketplace is actually a little bit higher than Medicare itself. So that does mechanically work its way into our SG&A rate. So we're not concerned about being subscale in Medicare Advantage. We want that business to sit side by side with our Medicaid business to seize the opportunities of the future later on in the decade, and we'll power through 2025, even if that means some attrition. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. Good questions. Most of the change in the employee base is the divestiture of Circle. That was pretty employee-intensive in Great Britain. So that was a result of divestiture. Although we are constantly managing the right amount of resources, it's our job to, on behalf of taxpayers, on behalf of the federal and state governments, managing efficiently, matching resources with the business that we have and trying to do that efficiently and effectively. But that big move was due to divestiture.  And you're right, the $50 million, while we expected it as we mapped out the seasonality of Medicare during the year, and that has the PDR sort of pushing up a little bit in Q2, maybe a little bit more in Q3 and then being relieved completely relative to the 2024 policy year in Q4, that $50 million did hit the P&L. It did make its way into the loss ratio for the Medicare segment. But it was exactly as -- it was as planned, so it wasn't a surprise to us. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. On membership, we still expect to be in that mid-13s by year-end. And so I think 100,000-member difference on 13 point -- to 13.3 million, some may call rounding, but luckily, it's rounding in the right direction, right? But it's probably more timing of precision around redeterminations, and some of that will carry into Q2. And there's even a few states that will tail off into Q3 as they've stretched out the redetermination process. But all of that is in the mid-13s estimate of membership by year-end, which includes a couple of nice growth opportunities too that we seized, Oklahoma, which commenced 4/1. And as you heard in Sarah's remarks, that went really well operationally. And then subject to protest, the Arizona LTSS win, low membership but high revenue.  And then your question on composite rate, the 2.5%, yes, we're a little bit above that. And that's sort of an all-in view of a composite rate, whether the rate relates to acuity, whether the rate relates to redeterminations or just general trend. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. Investment income, if you peel away gains, we disclosed those throughout the Q, which we just filed. So understandably, you haven't ripped through that yet. You get a little bit over $400 million in the quarter. But you can't just multiply that by 4. We expect the full year to be above -- a little bit above the $1.4 billion that we guided to at Investor Day. But the difference between that and just annualizing is we've got multiple rate cut scenarios built into our forecast. Maybe those play out to be conservative, but the Federal Reserve will decide that.  You also saw that we had a lot of payables. Look at our balance sheet, we relieved a lot of payables in the quarter. We accelerated state-directed payments on behalf of our providers. So obviously, when you relieve payables and you're building up pharmacy rebate receivables, that has an impact on investment income as well. But pleased that we're going to come in -- we expect to come in a little bit above that $1.4 billion.  On the operating cash flow, as you know, in this business that bounces around quite a bit. A large state decides pay us on 4/2 versus 3/31, and you have a big flip between quarters. Just mentioned some things that impact cash flow as well, the timing of pharmacy rebate receivables or payable invoices. So it's sort of maybe a fool's errand to try to predict that quarter-to-quarter in terms of how that will play out. What really matters in this business is the dividends from subs, the cash flow, not only GAAP cash flow statement but the cash that comes from subsidiaries to parent such that we can deploy capital. And we expect that to pick up, as you'll see in the Q, over the next few quarters. And that will drive our capital deployment later in the year for share buyback and some debt -- a little bit of debt reduction as well. So that's what we're looking forward to. 
Andrew Asher: Okay. Sorry. The 75% is a member month view of what we know for the 2024 calendar year member months, and the 25% would be there's 7/1 rates we don't know. We certainly don't know 9/1 or 10/1 rates, but they have a limited impact on the 2024 calendar year. To the macro point, we need -- ultimately, we're going to need to have rates match acuity, and that -- we expect that to shake out. It may not be perfect in this rate cycle, which means sort of the 2025, 2026 time period is when we would expect to get back into the high 89s based upon today's mix of business.  So there might be a couple of retros. It seems like different companies have different definitions of retro. We're only waiting on a couple of retros. There might be adjustments going forward where the state realizes and their actuaries, "Hey, we missed the mark last time. Let me fix this going forward." But we are still expecting a couple of retros as we talked about at Investor Day and on the Q1 call.  But it's largely getting the rates correct and matching acuity going forward. And that's why we're not expecting to move into the -- back into the high 89s immediately. It may take a rate cycle or so. But that does remain a margin expansion opportunity. On a company that's performing well on a consolidated basis, actually that creates some capacity for margin expansion in Medicaid as we look at '25, '26. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. And you're absolutely right. The risk model bifurcation between PDP and MAPD, that's a factor as well that needs to be worked into the bid cycle. And I think I did mention that we were able to run risk scores by member and the mechanics and how that rips through the -- not just the risk scores but also the timing of members with cost share and getting to the maximum out of pocket, or the MOOP. Those are all important things to think about. And really, the message is -- that's why there's reason for cautiousness for the industry in bidding PDP for 2025. 
Andrew Asher: Yes. So we didn't want to wait for economics. So we do have a stairstep benefit on behalf of our state and federal customers and our members as of 1/1/24. But we're constantly working with our partner at ESI to figure out ways to deliver value to our customers and manage costs. So we expect sort of normal course improvements from that point forward, and we'll continue to try to drive efficiencies in the pharmacy ecosystem.  On GLP-1s, not a lot of uptake yet by states. There's a couple of states where -- have decided to allow GLP-1s for the weight loss indication. Obviously, GLP-1s for the diabetes indication, we could see the volume coming through there. But for the weight loss indication, there's only a couple, and we're quick to go share the data with them to show them what it's costing them, but it's not that material to the company as a whole. And that's where the states control the formulary, the preferred drug list and make the decisions that we then administer and take risk for. And we just need to make sure that the states have the data so they can match rates with the cost that they choose to allow in their benefit plans. 
