Brent Layton: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning. I'm happy to talk about the performance of our core business lines during the second quarter. Centene is the leader in Medicaid Managed Care, and I'm pleased to say we continue to grow.  Earlier this month, we were honored to be notified by the state of Delaware of an intent to award Centene contract to serve a statewide Medicaid managed care program. Beginning January 1, 2023, Centene's Health Plan Delaware First Health, will provide integrated services for physical and behavioral health and long-term services and supports through the Diamond State Health Plan and Diamond State Health Plan Plus programs.  This is Centene's 30th Medicaid state. It's quite an achievement, and we look forward to this tremendous opportunity in Delaware. In addition to our new estate, earlier in the quarter, we were successful in the reprocurement of our Missouri contract serving TANF, Chip and expansion membership. We were also awarded the sole source specialty plant for children and foster care in Missouri. These contracts began July 1, and we're serving nearly 50,000 foster children and children receive an adoption subsea assistance in the state.  This is our industry-leading fifth sole source and specialty contract serving children and young adults involved with the child welfare system. We are incredibly proud of our innovative programs and outcomes for this membership. In our existing Medicaid membership has increased to 15.4 million members at the end of the second quarter.  Medicaid growth continues to be aided by the ongoing suspension of eligibility redeterminations. As you're all aware, that PHE is now extended to at least mid-October. As states consider their programs and budgetary needs post redetermination, several states beginning to process to transition new populations into managed care.  The state of Indiana has recently released an RFP for long-term services and supports, and we have recently responded to an RFI in Georgia, where the Medicaid agencies asking MCOs about their ability to serve more medically complex populations. Whenever the PHE comes to a close, we'll continue to work with our state partners to support member transition.  We remain confident in our ability to attract eligible membership to our marketplace products in 25 states where we have both Medicaid and exchange membership. Speaking of our exchange product, we entered the quarter at over 2 million members. Halfway through 2022, we remain the leader and the marketplace product.  The quality and consistency of our product offerings and operations has led to continued membership growth and the ability to partner closely with our providers. We continue to monitor the situation in Washington, in regards to enhance advanced premium tax credits and remain cautiously optimistic on the movements of this reconciliation bill.  We feel confident in our submitted bids for 2023, and we look forward to targeted geographic expansion and thoughtful expansion of new products that we began to offer in 2022 open enrollment. In Medicare, we ended the quarter at nearly 1.5 million members and are pleased with our continued membership growth of over 18% year-to-date.  Utilization continues to be steady, and we're seeing the benefit of our focused clinical initiatives. As we look towards annual enrollment, we are concentrated on margin and network expansion and the further penetration of existing states and markets. We continue to see deals as an area of growth for our company as our core capabilities position us well to serve this complex population.  Midway through 2022, our core products continue to perform well. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Brent Layton: Budgets right now are stable. And I would say it's as stable as we've seen for many, many years. And the states are focused on PHE when it ends, and ultimately, states actually want their citizens to have access to health care and health insurance.  And most of our time is working with the states and help planning for whenever the PHE ends and all the paths so that their citizens can have health coverage, whether it's commercial or the exchange or Medicaid or wherever they qualify. So the recession planning, I would say, is not there yet, but where the planning is, is around the PHE and making sure people have coverage.
Brent Layton: A state at the point as far as getting a federal match in the time of a recession, which would be different than the public health emergency would be whatever their normal state match is between the state and the federal government.
Brent Layton: Marketplace, we do not see as kind of a generic national approach. We view it very much local like Medicaid. It's a market to market. And we had mentioned earlier that of our 29 states for [indiscernible] to be 30 with Delaware, 25 of those states we actually have an overlap of exchange. And so the relationship between provider and potential future insured or insured distribution and knowing the markets I think will play well for us and it actually played out quite well in 2022.
Brent Layton: And well said, it is definitely state by state. And at the end of the day, all states are waiting to see when the PHE ends, and they're planning from that standpoint. Some states will take many months and that and some will be much faster. And it really depends both on how the state ultimately sees health care coverage and how they want to proceed in their state.  But nonetheless, every state are having working groups and meetings and approaches through communication, through education and really trying to help everybody understand the options they have from that standpoint.
Andrew Asher: Yes, Josh, thanks for the question. I'd say probably the lion's share of the improvement in what we disclose as Medicare HBR is actually in our PDP business. Though, to your point, the Medicare Advantage book is doing a little bit better year-over-year. We priced -- or the company priced 2022, for stability in HBR back when those bids were filed right around June of 2021.  But for 2023, we expect a meaningful move in margin expansion. We actually have Stars revenue in 2023. And we're going to balance that with more modest growth. You heard Brent at Investor Day mentioned low to mid-single digits. Medicare Advantage growth, which, quite frankly, I think is a good balance when you're pushing margin going into 2023. And then obviously, 2024, we've got a headwind to contend with that we have to think through the structure of the bids for that year with a recovery in Star scores in 2025.
Andrew Asher: PDP is doing quite well. There is some of this coming from Medicare Advantage and its clinical initiatives. The metrics we look at, we're -- Jim Murray mentioned this at Investor Day, sort of having dashboards that enable you to react and execute.  I mean, that's something we've we're not yet at where we want to be, but we've gotten a lot better at that. And connecting organized clinical initiatives from a centralized body across our health plans and then tracking the cost benefit of those initiatives, that's also something that we've gotten better at over the past, call it, 9 or 12 months.
Andrew Asher: Yes. I mean I'm really pleased with the execution around member engagement, physician engagement sort of risk adjustment process, which is a lot of nuts and bolts execution. And so that's something I think we can carry forward into future periods and continue to leverage better execution. We're not quite at the stated pretax goal of 5% to 7.5% in marketplace this year, and we expect to push into that next year as we look at the momentum we have in execution and financially and then think about sort of the right pricing and making sure we maintain competitiveness, sort of balancing all those things as we submitted the bids for next year.  So we expect a little bit of an advancement in margins even with the improved performance in Q2.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Once again, we're pulling levers this year that we expect to bear fruit not just as we pull those levers in '22, but that will set us up for '23, '24 and beyond. But specifically, if you think about the progression, we're sort of in the mid-5s, a little bit, mid-5s plus right now to that low 6s range that we've been targeting for the last 6 or 9 months as we laid that out.  Our tailwinds -- thinking back to the Investor Day slide, if you can picture that, we had $300 million plus of SG&A towards our $700 million bucket. Obviously, the real estate execution, that's $200 million of that $300 million on a run rate basis. And then there's other initiatives, as Jim and Sarah laid out at Investor Day sort of giving us that tailwind.  Gross margin, we just talked about a little bit more move. We made a big move in margin in '22, and that's going well. There's a little bit more we can get in '23, and that's how we constructed the bids. We just talked about Medicare margin. That should be a decent-sized advancement tailwind.  Then you go over to that third bucket of the value creation plan, the $0.50 bucket -- we'll get the -- we've talked about share buyback. We get the annualization, the benefit of some of that share buyback this year. We've divested a couple of businesses. Those are largely in the neutral zone even though we're deploying those proceeds to both share buyback and to reduce interest expense and debt load, investment income would be another element in that $0.50 bucket.  But then there are some headwinds, too. Redeterminations. We talked about it at Investor Day, that's a run rate, $7 billion to $7.5 billion revenue headwind at some point when that annualizes depending on the timing of the commencement of redeterminations, Enhanced APTCs are still outstanding. Jen can probably -- when one of you guys ask that, John can answer that a little bit later. And we're always tracking carve-outs of pharmacy in the Medicaid business. And then there's the ever-present Medicaid rates and trend that could go either way. So obviously, it's our job to influence and manage those.
Andrew Asher: Yes. No, that's a good question. I think the COVID era in those previous disclosures really isolated the new risk corridors largely that popped up and some acuity adjustments that popped up during the COVID era. That's down to a couple few hundred million as expected because the sun setting of those risk corridors.  But maybe what's more relevant to your question is the total amount by which we expect to be into risk corridors, paybacks, other mechanisms, whether they originate in the COVID era or not. And that's -- we expect to be at about $1.3 billion in payback this year across our portfolio of 29 states.
Andrew Asher: Well, a couple of billion because the COVID piece of that with the COVID era risk corridors were more present in '20 and '21, and they began sunsetting in '22. Some are still out there, but that was more like a couple of billion.
Andrew Asher: Yes. It's not sort of all or nothing when you get into risk corridors. There's different stair steps. There's grades of of corridors, and we're not at max in all of our states. There's many states -- there are states that are underperforming that we need rate action in to improve them over the next couple of years. It's the benefit of having a portfolio.
Andrew Asher: Yes. I don't know that anyone would characterize or try to minimize losing $7 billion to $7.5 billion of revenue in the associated margin. So that's clearly a headwind. What I pointed out a number of times is that as we exit the fact that if you look at our growth since the first time we actually gave a preview of 2022 revenue, we've grown well beyond that $7 billion to $7.5 billion.  So when we exit, we'll actually be a bigger company than we originally expected, even though sequentially at some point, we're going to be giving back $7 billion to $7.5 billion of run rate revenue. As to the risk pool underneath that, we spent some time at Investor Day going through a bunch of the analysis because I agree with the hypothesis, but as we look at the data, we looked at the 0 utilizers.  And I mean the Medicaid expansion population was actually down from a base period of 2018 and 2019. That was pleasantly surprising. TANF was up a little but there was really nothing alarming, and we jumped to the, okay, let's look at the 0 to 25% HBR population.  And that was up slightly to your point, but not alarming, especially in the context of being in payback in some states. So yes, being in the payback position is not a panacea, but it's one of many factors you look at when you assess all right, what could the impact be on this population? And that's sort of -- as we sit here today before we have any data, that's our best assessment.
Andrew Asher: Well, I mean, you're talking a theory, and I'm looking at data. So I mean, we're not going to declare that there won't be any difference whatsoever between the pools of stayers and levers. But when we look at the utilizers. We look at sort of the minimal utilizers, it's that it's not that concerning.  And the other mitigating factor is that 88% of our membership is in states that we believe not based upon some Kaiser study, but we believe based upon our boots on the ground and the local presence that Sarah talked about that those states will take 10 or more months to redetermine and therefore, that's why we've got sort of this amped-up rate process in place where we're working with the states sort of forewarning them and then are going to be prepared if there is a differential in the risk pool that we need to get compensated for that.
Andrew Asher: Yes. On the pricing side, we're constantly sharing data with our state partners. I mean we're still in '22, and we still need to get some finality on rates in the back half of the year. So sort of not -- don't yet have visibility on what our forecast will be for 2023 rates will we usually give out that number at the December Investor Day.  But the discussions are constructive. The states are thirsting for data. That's one of the keys of being able to sort of influence and convince your state partners of what's necessary. Not a lot of movement yet on inflation. I mean we're not seeing a lot yet but we're vigilant there. And once again, forewarning our state partners that to the extent we see those pressures, that's going to have to be reflected in the rates.
Andrew Asher: Yes. So we reduced our premium and service revenue by $1 billion for the back half of the year. Panther was a little over $2 billion, although it's growing quickly. And the Central and Spain assets were about $700 million in annualized revenue. And we don't expect to close Magellan Rx until late this year, really, I guess, late this year is our best estimate. So it wouldn't impact 2022.
Andrew Asher: I was just going to add, and when we announced that in conjunction with Panther, think of it as neutral to slightly accretive, the combination of those 2 assets, so minimal, if any, impact on earnings.
Andrew Asher: Yes. There's a number of moving parts still. We have to see how the enhanced APTCs end up before the August recess because that's a pretty decent size swing factor. We also have to see the timing of the commencement of redeterminations because that's another swing factor.  And then to the extent that the family glitch if that gets improved, so that it's sort of better applicability to marketplace. So too many things moving around at this point. And we're still waiting on Congress on the enhanced APTCs, so can't really predict whether it'll be up a little, down a little or flat.  The pricing, we made a pretty big pricing move coming into 2022. It wasn't quite as high as you referenced in the aggregate on a composite basis. So maybe that's a good thing that we didn't have to increase our rates 10% on a composite basis, and we still are achieving meaningful margin expansion this year.  And next year, not as big of a move in terms of margin expansion because we need to pierce into that 5% to 7.5%, whereas we were jumping off a pretty -- quite frankly, pretty lousy performance in 2021 in marketplace financially.
Andrew Asher: Yes, right, right. At Investor Day, I was pretty explicit that the first half, we expected 64%. I guess that's now 63% now that we printed because we lifted the full year by $0.05 and that $0.05 to your point, it's actually a dime of benefit early benefit on the real estate run rate, minus $0.05 of investment Delaware is one example, but there's other ROI-based investments we're making in the value creation plan that we intend to make in the back half of the year.  So that's why we increased guidance to net nickel. But otherwise, it's the normal progression, HBRs in like the commercial business and marketplace, those sort of rise throughout the year. And it's sort of a normal cadence thereafter.
Andrew Asher: It's obviously a big contributor. We expect that every Q2 so the swing was pretty dramatic because if you'll recall, we actually had a -- we missed our expectation in marketplace in Q2 of 2021. So it's an anticipated driver because that's the quarter in which you get first [indiscernible] data and then the final CMS data. So -- but we outperformed that as evidenced by the 1,250 basis point year-over-year improvement.
Andrew Asher: Most of the year-over-year improvement was planned for in the bids. And plus each year as the yield drops because of the shifting of the responsibility and sort of the benchmarking that's unique in PDP. I mean it's a very low-yielding product. So the HBR has to be low because you have a certain amount of admin to reflected.  I think the yield is sort of in the $35 to $45 PMPM range depending on the product. And then there's a little bit, to your point, there's a little bit of outperformance on top of that, but most of that was planned.
Andrew Asher: So yes, on investment income with $400 million. I think we were $94 million or so year-to-date first half. That includes we sort of wrote down the fuel investments, we cleaned up some things that hit other income and investment income in the first half of the year. And we had some equity investments that obviously took a hit with the equity markets.  But yes, we expect around $400 million for full year. So I don't know if it will exactly be $150 million a quarter because there's a ramping up of the Fed rates, obviously, embedded in that. But you're correct there. And your first question DCP. Yes, the state-directed payments element, I would expect that. That's literally we're getting cash from our state, and we've got to push it out to hospitals.  That typically happens the next quarter. It may take a couple of quarters depending on sort of the detail around that, but that's pretty much in and out. Pharmacy invoices are tough to predict. I mean we don't manage to a DCP. It's actually an output. It's interesting. I'm always looking to see where it came out when we closed the books.  But often, there are balance sheet elements that impact that, that are just timing, things have stretched over the quarter. But fundamentally, I do believe in strength of reserves and that is a measure, an imperfect one, but it is a measure of the strength of reserves.
Andrew Asher: The answer is yes. And if you go back to first time we started talking about this Q3 of 2021, you're absolutely right. There's an industry factor and we benefited from that probably, I'm thinking an outsized amount relative to peers. But for the plan year 2022, so the 2023 revenue were just over 50%. As an example, we're just over 50% of our membership in Forestar that would be less than half of that, absent the disaster relief provision.  But on top of that, as we started to see operational execution and indicators from sort of the end of 2020 and then into the first half of 2021 and then look at results throughout 2021 and now some of that's into 2022 in terms of that rating year '23, you're talking about, we believe we're going to underperform.  And what we're driving now is what we can control, this management team can control, which is execution in 2022 and beyond, which will drive rating year 2024 STAR scores that result in 2025 revenue and those are the Star scores you'll get publicly in the fall of '23, hopefully attract me there.
Andrew Asher: Let me add one more thing on that. This is a long answer to a short question, but we are still committed to driving and pulling levers to achieve our multiyear plan. So while this is going to be a headwind for in isolated 2024 year, and it will turn around will be a nice tailwind for 2025 based upon our execution.  Our compensation is still tied to the targets we laid out, as you saw in the proxy, and this organization is going to drive towards executing on the multiyear game plan that we laid out for you.
Sarah London: What I would just add, I think to Drew's point, it doesn't change all the work that we are doing to prepare the redetermination process, and that includes bringing forward that data in conversations with state partners because I think as we said at Investor Day, we believe that it's manageable, but that still creates the mandate for us to manage it in partnership with the states and supported by data.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're obviously pleased with the progress to date. We got a lot done in the second quarter, but we still have the broader portfolio of non-health plan assets, and we're sort of methodically working through those so if you think about the assets that historically have sat within health care enterprises, and some of our other non-health plan businesses, all of those are going through a consistent process.  And we're looking to prioritize that work where we're going to have the greatest impact. So there is still a lot of work going on, and you should expect to hear additional announcements about that. But again, and I've hit this a couple of times. The answer in all cases, not necessarily divestiture.  In some cases, these are very strategic assets that can be positioned to actually strengthen the core. And so that's part and parcel of the conversation, too, particularly as we think about positioning the company for growth in 2025 and beyond.
Sarah London: It's definitely a state-by-state process. So Brent, maybe you want to talk about what we're seeing operationally.
Sarah London: One thing I would add that we're tracking pretty closely are the ex parte numbers that each state is accumulating, which are those members that would be automatically either dropped or renewed at very different levels of maturity relative to the volume of members that could go through an automated process, but it's actually a helpful proxy for us to understand what would happen in early months versus, as Brent said, the states that are going to take a more measured approach in order not to create member abrasion and also reflective of the fact that the states have staffing issues and want to make sure that they have enough support for the process overall.
Sarah London: Yes. Maybe just to quickly at Wave top sort of rehash the history lesson that we went through at Investor Day on the why. And again, the time period that Drew is pointing to is really that back half of '20 and early part of 2021. And those 21 days of service are what impacted revenue anticipated from Starz in 2024. And so early 2020, we brought Centene and WellCare together a couple of things happen, right?  We tripled the Medicare book overnight. We brought 2 different parts together that we're operating in fundamentally different models. One was centralized at WellCare and one was decentralized very hard to run an enterprise quality program at our level of size and scale in a decentralized model.  And then we send everybody home for COVID. And so what we saw was the degradation of operations and performance in the back half of '20 and first half of '21, which again will impact '24 caught that in the middle of '21 and added new leadership to the quality program in the back half of last year, tuck them under the value creation office in order for that to be sort of unified prioritized initiative.  And then this management team, which is different from the past has committed to quality performance is a priority for the whole company, and we've baked it into our short-term incentive for every single employee. And so all of the work that Jim Murray talked about at Investor Day in terms of how we're watching operational performance for 2022 dates of service.  The executive team watches those on a weekly basis because that is what is telling us that we can be looking for a meaningful rebound in revenue year 2025.
