Michael Neidorff: I think we have a very balanced approach to our markets. It's good. Different markets have different sizes, so different penetration. But it's very balanced across our markets. And the demographics across markets are the same. The middle tiers, everything about it, Kevin, is just consistent with what we have historically seen.
Michael Neidorff: No. If anything, I mean, we would like to see more people out there because it creates more noise and more activity and in a competitive environment, we tend to do very well.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think -- one, I want to back off. I mean, we are not unhappy. When you win the largest service region and the third largest, it's meaningful numbers and I have it in here somewhere I could quote, so it's not a -- I don't see this as a loss, I see it as a win. I think as I said in my comments that the state did not fully understand the innovative approach we had working with providers who have previously done it before. And I think as they understand that and this was something that was in the legislation that they wanted. And we've worked very hard and we do believe that the partnership when they understand, it with the FQAC, the Medical Society and others, will prove to be a very successful model in North Carolina when you look at the history of what their models have looked like. So I think we are going to be a strong provider in those two regions. We are going to take them through what happened, and we are going to understand their decision-making, because you win two, you say if it works there, this model. Maybe they're trying to standard it more and they don’t want to go too far with it until they do. I can see lots of reasons, but -- so we will work with them, we will appeal it and -- but regardless of what happens, we believe in being a strong partner with states and work with them. And I think it's going to have a short and longer-term very positive outlook for quality and cost-effectiveness in the state.
Michael Neidorff: I expect our margin over time, because as you know, we have always taken conservatism and said that for the first 3, 4 quarters as an investment period. In the MLR we booked high until we see that the system is understanding what's involved in the managed care profile and system that we use. And so, I mean, I don’t expect great, great margins in the first 3, 4 quarters. But I do believe that these margins will be consistent to better. And I think working with the providers effectively and just to give you a model we have some pretty good systems with Interpreta and Casenet and other things that will help make these providers particularly successful. And so, I see an opportunity for in '20, because, I mean, we are not going to start immediately. I do see over as the year unfolds, some opportunity for some upside on it. So I think we are going to be putting together a model here that others will when they emulate over time.
Michael Neidorff: I would say, once succession planning continues as originally planned with the Board, we continue to work through that. And we were -- as we were talking about succession planning, the Board asked me if I will be willing to extend it. And I said that I would, I mean, we’re having fun, we are having success. I don't want to jinx it, but we are blessed with good health. And so -- and we have a great team here that it's fun to lead. Its taking on more and more of the load. So I can continue what I’m doing and maybe we can add a couple rounds of golf.
Michael Neidorff: No, the succession planning -- one, succession planning can be a point in time, but it can also be a process that could be implemented anytime one feels it's appropriate to do so. So, I’d rather take that approach. And it's business as usual and they -- it was their idea to extend it, so -- because I have a lot of questions about it and to give a sense to all of you and everyone and the people in the company there's -- there will be continuity and will continue down the line.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think also we do have two sides to the government now looking at these issues and our feeling is that can be positive and if we get some good constructive discussion going. And so -- and try -- we are going to play every part we can to move it to policy versus politics. There may be some real opportunities there for you.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we actually did submit both sides of it, but we emphasize the PLE. You have to go back and look at the historic programs they’ve had in the state and the role providers have had. And I think working with the State Medical Society and they were -- they've been great constructive partners and they really want to deliver high-quality care, they understand the cost issues, and they wanted to work with us because of our systems and how we can support them doing a better job and everybody doing well. We decided that's a good place to be and I still believe that, Sarah. And I think over time it's going to prove to be a very effective model in markets like North Carolina with the history we had. So this was one of those things that I think time will prove to be on our side. And so it's going to be business as usual. We did do both, but we found a real need to emphasize this side of it. And I think the state just -- I think they understood some value and that's why they did give us the largest and third largest regions as opposed to, say, we are going to do any of these provider led organizations, but we are going to go back and talk to them and see if that can be expanded some through the appeal process. If not, well, it will still be a program no matter how it comes out with. So it's going to be a sizable business, it was full size for you on the Q1 call.
Michael Neidorff: I will start off and others can add as they feel it. I think it's incredibly well run company. We are pleased with what we’ve had and will continue to work with us in social responsibility. For some obvious legal reasons it was important that he appoints a new CEO, that we get him. Great continuity there. The whole teams in place. But he commented to me the other -- not too long when he was in it, the turnover rate since we announced the acquisition has been the lowest they've seen historically. So people are very pleased with it. I think the opportunities -- there are opportunities to continue to grow. There's opportunities to help them with the medical loss ratio using our systems. So it's -- but it's -- they’re hitting all the numbers. They’re functioning on all 8 of 12 cylinders, depending how many you have in your automobile. And so, I think from every aspect of it we're -- I made the comment one day that if we could find more businesses like that, I want to do one in the morning and one in the afternoon. They’re really a well run company.
Michael Neidorff: No, it's -- we are actively rolling it out now and I'd like to roll it as best we can. But once again I want to make sure it's well -- proof-of-concept is make sure there. It is working incredibly well in Mississippi. And we are confident and we’re going to roll it out into additional markets. We are right now as we speak. And by the end of 2020, we will be in all the markets and if I can [indiscernible] we will, but once again I’m not going to overload it. And -- but it's a great system, it's going to prove to be, I think where pharmacy benefit should be headed.
Michael Neidorff: Well, there is administrative expenses, its cloud-based. We can reduce the admin cost significantly. And we are working with -- I mean, I mean, John Sculley, Ravi and the people there are really innovative creative. And I'm working with them now that, because I have a commitment to speak about is there some way to move to net pricing as opposed to rebate. And I think they have the system, skills and capabilities that we can start talking about those kind. We are talking about those kinds of things with them. It's not going to be instant. But -- so there is a lot of significance to what you’re doing. It's very innovative and as we are able to demonstrate more and more that you will see it.
Michael Neidorff: I would like to add that if you look at the scale and size we have in most, I mean, albeit in the newest markets, it's 65,000 in Mexico and global [ph], but when you have the size we do, you get a balanced book of business. And we were expecting to have some that are [indiscernible] and some that are healthier, and we look across the whole book, and we’re seeing that. And that’s really the large numbers as much with anything else coming into play. So thus far the benefit of our size, being the largest Medicaid provider. But also as, Jeff highlighted, you have 31 states. It puts you in a strong position, because as I tell investors, there's no different in their portfolio. At any given time they might have one stock that’s not performing well or two. Well, we are going to have -- we are going to have a market that has a couple of issues, but we’ve others doing well and they offset, while we correct the one has an issue. So it's a balance that gives us certain comfort.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, it's moving and we're moving more and more to the integrated medical. And I want to do that as quickly as we can. I really believe that's an important place to be. I have to use publicly the example that someone is diagnosed a new -- as a new diabetic, I sure want them to talk to a behavioral person as quickly as they can because it gives you more control of the total medical condition.
Michael Neidorff: And I would add something else. If you look at it, we showed in the net margin of 50 basis points what the -- with what we gave you today. It's easy to say what do you think is going to happen in the future. We prefer to say, we have a continued focus on margin expansion at growing the business. And we tend to deliver against it versus saying, I'm going to get it to X number, because that's easy to do. I used to learn that -- they used to say in [indiscernible] Brazil and others that [indiscernible] that people will accept anything. I’m going to simply say that we're going to continue to grow this business and its dramatic in my opinion. And we're going to work hard at margin expansion using systems and other capabilities, we have to improve outcomes and reduce costs.
Michael Neidorff: I think, we tend to kind of march our own drum. And we work well with primary care, we work well with specialists. And sometime, when some of you have a chance to come to the office, we will take you through our Casenet and our Intrepreta, we’ve shown some of it in the Investor Day. But there are systems that help physicians become very successful in treating their patients. And given the data and given real time heated [ph] scores and things that they can get on, we are moving to where they can get on their iPhone. And so, I believe that there are effective contracts in equity or you can have equity in contracts is what I’m trying to say.
Michael Neidorff: And that’s kind -- that tends to be the direction. If we see -- and I said this in Investor Day, if we saw an area where there is not enough positions for access or work with some governmental agencies, in just that issue while we have CMG now, that has a capability to open up very successful clinics that deal with this population, social determinants, etcetera. And we would ask Luis, who runs it, to move into region x and put together a little multispecialty clinic. So we think we have the capability to meet our members' needs. And once again, I mean, we all know who you are thinking of. That’s a big -- it's a big operation, but they also have a lot of commercial and other membership. And we are very focused in the government services area.
Michael Neidorff: I think that’s going to depend by market. It depends on the size the market really are, our network. We are going to work -- we are going to first work effectively with our partners at Ascension. And they -- we are not doing any help and they work with. So, I mean, it's always -- it will be a mix and depending on the size of market scale, and what makes sense. I mean we’ve some markets we’ve had historically more than one product. So that’s -- it's not a bad thing. I can go back to my consumer packaged goods space. So there was a time in Canada, we had two different soap [indiscernible] and it worked very well.
Michael Neidorff: Right. I think what the key is -- I think what’s key, Ana, is you have the -- you have to have the systems. And the overall capability to manage that multiplicity of opportunities. And that’s where we are focused and I made comments, we are going to continue invest in technology. And I think we’ve demonstrated that we’ve the wherewithal to do it in a very meaningful way. It goes back to the $500 million we are going to generate internally so as to be able to invest in new technologies, new opportunities. With that effect in margins, and the overall growth of the business.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, and bottom line is that the trends in 4Q '18, I assume, are very suggestive that you’re on track to achieve that. So that’s, I guess the key takeaway at least from my perspective.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I just wanted to thank everybody for the questions, the time and we look forward to continuing the record of -- year-after-year. So have a good first quarter. We will talk to you soon.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, that was an overall broader comment. I mean, I think the tailwinds comment is evidenced by obviously -- we haven't even closed the books for January and we’re raising guidance, right? So membership came in higher than we expected and we have obviously the new win in Centurion, in Arizona and the acquisition and we're updating guidance for those items.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So, Josh, a couple of things. I think you could probably bridge our Investor Day slide to get there. But for 2019, I would say around the $10 billion mark would be for the exchange product. As far as margins, I think what we mentioned in our Investor Day, in December, was kind of the -- what we're projecting margins for 2019 to be similar to '17, '16, '15, which was between the 5% and 10% range. And I think that's exactly what we're expecting for 2019.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I would agree on the specific number. I would say that included in our guidance that we gave today are our costs. We are refining those estimates obviously based on what we learn yesterday.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, so we have executed the contract on that, Mike, so we'd expect to close in the second quarter. And I would just say, I mean, this is an end market transaction, so we tend to like those and look for those. So not material in the macro scheme. but certainly Arkansas has been good market, and we're excited to expand our presence there.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So, Pete, this is Jeff. I will handle the first question on the cost. I think what we said was we have some cost in for our 2019 guidance, but since we just got this information yesterday, it's a little early and we are reevaluating those costs. And I guess this is what I would say. So early for us to give a pinpoint number on that, given the information that came out yesterday. And on the second, I mean, we're not talking about 2020 guidance here today. So I don’t know if [multiple speakers]
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I think what we said in our December Investor Day. we kind of gave -- we've been trying to give more insight I guess to the seasonality of the business, giving a first half, second half view as far as how earnings progression goes. And I would say that the comment we made there, I think were consistent. So over 60% in the first half of the year. And again, as we continue to grow the marketplace business that shift continues to happen. I mean, the real driver of our change in seasonality is really the product mix. It's the diversification of the product mix. And so to the extent you have a higher mix of exchange, then you will pull more earnings forward to the first half of the year, because of the: number one, that's when we have the highest level of membership. And number two, that's when we have the lowest HBR as a result of deductibles.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. Couple of things. We did see the Medicaid improvement over the third quarter, really it's a combination of many things. Combination of the med management network initiatives, premium -- premium rate adjustments combined with I think what we saw was stable cost trends in the fourth quarter. So your comment about risk profile, I mean you really have to go on a state -- state-by-state basis. So if you aggregate the business, I mean, that’s one of the benefits of diversification. If you aggregate the business, I would say that the risk profile has remained relatively consistent.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, the membership decreased. We previewed this at our Investor Day. It was really a behavioral health only program in Arizona that was integrated with the traditional Medicaid program. And so while the membership decreased quite a bit, the revenues are up on a consolidated basis. So lower membership, higher revenue because it's been integrated with the physical health.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So, I think 260, approximately $260 million. And as I said, in our December Investor Day, we are not going to give it. It's a competitively priced product, we are not going to give a specific margin number.
Jeff Schwaneke: Again, I think you have to go on a state-by-state basis. We have seen where redeterminations have changed the risk pool and states been relatively quick to react. I wouldn't necessarily call that meaningful. It's certainly helpful, but it's not a meaningful driver of the medical cost if you look at the actual volume of redeterminations. But we actually have had states do adjustments, I would say relatively quickly after the redeterminations. And when you look at acuity mix, its different by state. Some of the -- some states have had redeterminations that had no effect on acuity.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I mean, I think I mentioned it in our December Investor Day. We do have a state -- certain states, which are performing at the long-term margin. Some of that is rating issues, so we have seen and are projecting some improvement in rates into 2019.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I commented on this in our December Investor Day where we've also grown faster than anybody else in the industry on the Medicaid side. And as Michael mentioned before, when you're starting of these new markets, you have compressed margins versus what you would say is your long-term margin target. So I think from our standpoint we still think 3% to 5% is a good margin target. And just because of the mix and the growth that we've had, it's probably different than our competitors.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I mean, you have to look at number of months I think is one of the first things so in total. But, I mean, it wasn't out of line with our expectations. So -- and I did give you, it's $930 million and the reason I'm giving those is because typically we file -- in the quarters we file the 10-Q and you can pull those from the 10-Q. Obviously, here the annual report comes later. So I’m just giving this to you now.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I commented on this sort of Investor Day, I mean, we do expect Medicaid margins to improve in 2019 over 2018. And a lot of that’s driven by a lot of actions that we've taken this year, which will have a full-year run heading into 2019. The we do -- we do anticipate improvement in the Medicaid margins in '19.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I guess, what I would say is, consistent with what we've done historically, it's not the largest driver of membership growth. Typically, when we go into new markets, it's a test and learn approach. And I think we followed that for the new markets this year. So it's not the majority of the driver of the membership growth. It really is coming from existing markets that we’ve had.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, I mean, I think the 1.5x to 2x would apply. There's always timing issues, right? They can always be a timing of the State payment that you don’t get at the end of the quarter, the end of the end of the year that is subsequently paid within the next few days. And so -- and given our size in some states those can be meaningful. So you always have timing items that come up, but nothing that I can think of similar to what we experienced in the $1 billion of MLR payables in California.
Jeff Schwaneke: We don’t actually provide the year-end. Obviously, there was attrition from the peak membership. So what we’re talking about is if you go back to our Investor Day slides, we would have said 2018 peak was $1.650 million. You are growing $250 million on top of that plus the addition of 80,000 with Fidelis, gets you close to the $2 million. But we don’t -- we are not providing at year-end 2019 number.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, just real quick, effective tax rate, we should use for 2019? It's in the guidance, I provided that in the guidance this morning.
Ralph Giacobbe: Okay. And one more, if I could. Can you just remind us the level of incremental, maybe strategic investment that you call out and just framing on sort of the ongoing expense or if you see that pace flow. Thanks.
Ralph Giacobbe: Yes. I think we should start what we call business expansion -- business expansion costs. And I think what we said, now this is on a split adjusted basis, obviously, 12 to 14 cents.
