Barry Smith: The only other thing I would add to Jon's comment is that when we see these underlying shifts in the population, we do have agreements with our clients that we can renegotiate our rates based upon that increased demand, because the population is fundamentally different. And it's some of our accounts we have seen it on the MCC side as well as the commercial side as well. When you have unanticipated populations that have different impacts on utilization and demand, we typically able to renegotiate in a way that keeps us whole and allows us to have our normalized margins. And so we expect to see that in this case.
Barry Smith: And Kevin we've had great success this year in managing costs appropriately with both the in-patient utilization management, claims integrity, outpatient costs. So, we've seen the kinds of initiatives have material impact. The other thing is that many of the initiatives that we deployed even in late 2018 we haven't seen full yet the positive impact of those, they are still emerging in a positive way. So, we expect to see value throughout this year, but also into 2020, which gives us great hope for normalized margins in the near future there.
Barry Smith: In fact as kind of building on Jon's comment there, we've seen greater and greater success with larger and larger clients both in the MCO world, but also on the commercial side as well. And because of that incremental volume we are able to go back to network, particularly, we have density in certain geographic areas and negotiate better pricing with our network, and also on the specialty side negotiate better deals for both our clients, which enhance our margins as well. So, it works well, we've seen that progress over the last several years, but it really continues, it's kicking into higher gear now and then, I think, I've seen it in the past.
Barry Smith: And Dave the only thing I would add to that is that in some accounts, given the fact that you see churn in populations, you're bringing on new populations, who not have been covered in the past particularly in the Medicaid world, or on the MCC side again individuals new populations bringing on, may not have had access, the fact that we are well known and there is a relationship already in place and Magellan being a provider for behavioral health. We do believe that does have an impact on the populations that we typically attract or receive. And so those are underlying trends we're trying to understand better, but they do seem to have an impact.
Barry Smith: Great. Thanks, Dave. It's been wonderful working with you as well. And all I can tell you, you're getting a great big upgrade with Ken coming on board. So, we're all thrilled to have him and I'm sure you'll enjoy working with him as well. Thank you.
Jon Rubin: Yes, Kevin, right now we are in the normal cycle. So, where the timing is good for us because we're just heading into those negotiations like I said in many cases with some of the largest, most critical customers those are already ongoing. So, while our contract do allow re-openers under certain circumstances in this case, we are actually in the normal cycle, which actually facilitates this.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I'd say there's some opportunity to go below that, I'd say 90% would be where we think we need to at least to get into the normal profit margin range, but our objective would be to do 90% or better. But we think we are based on where we are 90% over the foreseeable future is very reasonable.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I would say, I mean, Kevin what you said is true. I mean it is a continuous process that you never done. What I would say though is that some of the initiatives we undertook this year were beyond just the normal annual re-contracting. We actually did a full RFP for a wholesaler contract, for example, and did change wholesalers to affect cost improvement and get the best possible terms. So, you're right that it is an annual process, and what I'd say is we'll get the full benefit next year of what we implemented this year, much of which wasn't implemented until second quarter this year. So, we'll get some annualization of that next year and then next year like you said we'll go through the normal process of as we grow the business and as we have opportunities to affect additional savings.
Jon Rubin: Yes, this is Jon. So, two general comments. We'll provide more detail on next year's budget in December. We're still finalizing the plan. So, I don't have precise numbers for you. But in terms of severance what we're currently expecting order of magnitudes about $5 million of severance in fourth quarter and that number we will refine as we kind of complete our plans and go through the next month or so. But that's the least ballpark, what we're expecting at this point. In terms of next year and exactly how much of these savings will be reinvested versus will accrue to our benefit short-term, those things we're still working out and we'll kind of have a updated view on as we go to guidance call. The only other note, I'd make is, if you recall last year when we talked or even earlier this year, we said we have about $35 million of incremental expense savings opportunities beyond what we signed up for and achieved in 2019. That won't be necessarily in 2020, but that if you think about our two or three year path to getting to fully competitive margins that's order of magnitude the amount that we believe we have left and have the opportunity to achieve over the next couple of years.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I'd say, ballpark, Dave that's right. I would say that of the two items I specifically noted it's around $5 million in severance and around $15 million on the behavioral specialty cost of care side. But you're right, I mean, there is handful of other things, smaller things that added up and as well. We did have some pressure in the first half of the year, which while we were still in the guidance range would have potentially pulled us a little bit below midpoint. But round numbers, again, I do five and fifteen and then the rest again either rounding in terms of where we were versus midpoint or a handful of other smaller things.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I would say, Dave it's just having increased specificity now in terms of the plans and timing, and also if you can imagine as we go into the planning phase, we're also looking at the volumes that we have to deal within the following year. So, whether we're able to achieve the expense reductions with or without further reductions in workforce or requiring additional severance would be based on what growth looks like in the following year as well. So I wouldn't look at it as materially different I would look at it as fine tuning of kind of our multi-year plan and the timing of it.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I mean, that's a great question Dave and one that honestly we're spending a lot of time trying to gain further understanding of, it is relatively widespread, meaning, it's not just one account. I mean, obviously there's certain large accounts where it adds up to more, but we are seeing this increased demand for inpatient and it's really primarily behavioral health. We're seeing that across a variety of accounts and population. So, it does seem like it's more of a sort of broad market phenomenon rather than either anything specific to things we're doing or in a particular customer, but in terms of really trying to get down and understand are there any sort of specific caused us versus just general demand or industry trends right now we're seeing it be more widespread in nature.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I would say, Dave it's really much more of a negotiation. We need to get our primarily health plan customers in the behavioral specialty segment and behavioral health, we're talking about. And I looked at it really more sort of the normal course of negotiating. So no regulatory constraints because again these are commercial customers and we're a subcontractor really more arms length negotiations. And from a contract standpoint, we often have sort of defined rate methodology was taken into account both the underlying baseline experience over the period and the actual trends. Now having said that, it is a negotiation. So, while there are no hard constraints. It is something that we're working hard to educate customers on and get to the right place on. Yes, I'd rather not speak at a customer level about what rates are required. It does vary by customer, but we think it is manageable to make up the vast majority of the current shortfall. And again those discussions are well underway.
Jon Rubin: Yes, it's still what we've talked about earlier and then sort of the low '90s. So, it would be really, really a continuation of the type of experience we've seen to-date. And, again, we're feeling pretty good based on where we are right now.
Jon Rubin: Yes, Scott, great question. The way I describe it is we saw some pressure emerging in the first half of the year, but it seemed within sort of normal range of seasonal volatility. So, we had assumed that the modest increase in demand we saw in the first half of the year was more sort of seasonal in nature and wasn't – and we expected things to return to normal in the second half of the year. In third quarter, we saw claims come in high and we also had about $3 million in this particular segment of unfavorable development related to the first half of the year. So, we saw in the first half actually restated unfavorably and then additional pressure in third quarter. I mean, now we've kind of incorporated the new run rate into the full-year outlook. So, in terms of the progression that's how I best describe it.
Jon Rubin: Yes. No, I mean, we have refined our methodology based on what we know and based on the emerging trends. And again if you look at second quarter restated and you look at third quarter now – the relatively level. So in fact, going in to fourth quarter, it's not like we're seeing a huge uptick. Now we've got a much better picture of both second quarter and third quarter and feel like we're appropriately reserved and forecast now for the fourth quarter. I mean, I hope it ends up being conservative, but we think we've got a pretty good beat now on the full year.
Jon Rubin: Yes, actually, it was pretty much what we expected. I mean if you recall, we said we expected the rate changes to be worth sort of $20 million to $25 million over the second half of the year that was what we originally expected. I mean I'd say ballpark we came in pretty close to that in terms of New York overall. The base rates were a little bit lower than expected and the risk adjusted is a little bit higher in terms of the components, but the overall we came in pretty close. And obviously some of that was retroactive to second quarter if you recall it was a 4.1 on the effective date. So we did have some out of period favorability, as well as obviously the benefit in the third quarter.
Jon Rubin: Okay, got it. Sorry about that. Yes, so no it's not the behavioral rate. Those are really 2020 negotiations that we're going through now. So it really won't have an impact on 2019. I wouldn't read a whole lot into the range kind of being plus or minus $7 million, $7.5 million. I would just look at it as there are factors that there's always some level of volatility and obviously cost of care is one. On the rate side, there's always things we're negotiating, generally those are more favorable in nature which states around restores and rates for different facets of the population that have some opportunity. We talked about severance charges. Those are things we will fine tune as we go through the balance of the year. I'd say those are really the key items. I mean again, the further you get in the years, the more confidence we have, and we have narrowed the range some. But like I said, it wouldn't attach a whole lot of significance to the width of the range other than we try to make sure we’re forecasting that we've got confidence of being within the range.
