Michael Neidorff: Well, we have the appealed process still underway and we continue to evaluate the alternatives. The crosswalk et cetera is appropriate, so we see minimizing any impact on the 2019 rates and income.
Michael Neidorff: I think it's fair to say that we do everything with certain abundance of conservatism, but I want to be realistic. I don't want to end up saying something that is not certainly [ph]. So I think saying no later than July 1 is probably the best way to represent.
Michael Neidorff: Stay tuned. The rest of us -- we'll hear hopefully, they do today. There's nothing more to say about that, Sarah. It's just wait and see.
Michael Neidorff: We are also ahead on our over the individual estimate on the marketplace, which was a contributor to it. A combination of things, but what we try to say earlier was when you reach the scale we have, the flu is about one line on the medical expense.
Michael Neidorff: I might also add, mind you that were very decentralized, so we're really structured to work on a state-by-state basis and we see that as a plus.
Michael Neidorff: I think one of these we've -- pick up with me -- but we will be adjusted our marketing approach as much as anything, how we go at the open enrollment period. So it's more the direct approach to the consumer that we'll fine-tune and we expect to see continued improved results from.
Michael Neidorff: Sure. I think we've stated we're committed to the commercial business intel frame we acquire and we believe it's going to perform very well for us, continue to grow it. Personally, I was involved when they were doing some renewal work and they have a good product that's very well-received out there. As I think about it and I'm just giving you as candid of statement as I can, over time there may be additional opportunities working with state governments and things that is not just pure commercial assessment work, government-related. We're talking about that kind of thing. We believe it is good learning coming out of the California model and as time and energy permits, we'll consider alternatives to how it might be expanded.
Michael Neidorff: I'll just give you an open comment and Jeff's either comment -- he's been doing most of work to this point from the M&A perspective. But we see this as really the modernization and the direction that pharmacy benefits needs to go. I'll let you pick it up.
Michael Neidorff: I'll just leave a comment. I was thinking about traditional network and do we deserve that support and that's the network, our recipient's wish. We've of course had to expand it with the increasing membership. But i.e. that's not a strategic change there.
Michael Neidorff: I would say that it's pretty consistent with our historic experience. Any time we see that is if we had a deficiency, just including the total increase in some of the markets. We need to expand the network and there's a lot of energy being put to getting that network expanded. We're going to stick to our 'knitting', so to speak, to use the old cliché and we stick to 400% of federal property level below and the majority is up 250% of the federal property level below and that's our market, we're not trying to be all things to all people.
Michael Neidorff: I think that chapter -- it is a very important point. Until it's done, it's not done so you want to be conservative to see what's in, how those numbers come out.
Michael Neidorff: I think what's really important is that every aspect of the deal has been very consistent and we're not seeing any changes in the original assumptions we made, the management is as strong as we believe today, so has engaged us. We believe they were -- they have managed through the delay incredibly well, so it's a very strong team. The regulatory is in New York, we find just very -- we are very good at work with MOL [ph], they are very professional in all the things they do, their approach to it and we'll just see every aspect of the Fidelis deal being a positive one.
Michael Neidorff: I think also, when you -- some of the systems and the [indiscernible] we have, it's -- it helps as we said, it's going to help drive cost in the right direction in '19 and forward. So I think we'll continue to be very competitive in all our products going forward.
Michael Neidorff: I think -- Jeff can add to it. We said it's going to be a lot dependant on the market conditions and if market conditions continue to be strong we will move forward with the equity deal. So let's not pre-suppose the whole lot and pre-save something because once again, we know we have a very vulnerable market, not only with us, it's just the total environment we're in. So if you advise us, if you probably say take a little bit more time [ph] and make your decision based on that. If it's a strong market, we can go out; if it's uncertainty because of some global condition or something, then we'll -- well, we have time and we'll be patient and do it when it's the right time to do it. We're not -- we always talked about how -- it's not how fast but how well you do, so you know that, we've talked about that Justin. So I'm not going to pre-state -- I like to do it as soon as reasonable.
Michael Neidorff: I think one of the -- what we try to say is this gives us an opportunity where we see access more limited, I'm not going to go into specific markets and tip that hammer door or some where access is more limited. We see this as having a scalability and capability to expand in some of those markets and they have a capability to do it with reasonable dispatch was necessary; so that's very important. The use of urgent care is somewhat limited in our approach. We like individuals that have a primary care, we encourage adding and push that; so we think that's very important. We have a quality committee that we work with former deans in medical schools and deans of public health and they are consistent with urgent care and urgent clinics are intended to be just that, an episodic type. And we have one here at our own facility for employees and it's -- if you go in there without a primary care for that physician, when you come out you will have one. So that's pretty much the approach that we follow in that.
Michael Neidorff: I don't see it replacing primary care. I think -- so as we work, we do have very close relationship, we have a lot of confidence in this very qualified health centers. We work with them, with one clinic we've setup in St. Louis, it's staff and some of the nurses, so if they see something that needs a physician, they have the access to it to immediately refer it to that physician group. So we have a very strong belief and support in the primary care physicians and helping them to be more successful with assistance in capabilities and we're putting more and more emphasis on that than trying to support these more transitory operations; there is a place for it [indiscernible] if there is -- if someone has a cold or something minor, that's great, use it once but you should have your own doctor you can call. We want our recipients [ph] treated the way our children have been treated; you know, you call your pediatrician and take his advice.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think that what we have found is that with economic environment we continue to have a fairly stable situation. States will consider increase in coverage if their budgets become strong or they just need healthcare, and when we're working with the Congress and other we're encouraging that either marketplace be expanded to allow for individuals that are working so that individuals start to learn how to use an insurance system. So I mean there is some public policy issues that play there that allow us to be fairly consistent.
Michael Neidorff: I would say, we recognized that in some of the system opportunities that they -- they have a clear benefits and payout in the very near future. But when you close the mid-year, we're saying that in the impact on '18 but now everything we do is very precise navigated [ph]. We don't receive surprises, we see a surprise we dodge in things upto the point that the wire is sent and the money is in the other persons bank.
Michael Neidorff: And then, I'll remind you that some of these new systems that we're putting in place now would mitigate in the upward trend.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think what the total is, we were wise to anticipate that we would have to pick up that frac and we did; it was the right benefit, we were able to enroll people directly and due to the things that -- in fact, we had a bigger response and it includes overwhelmed in the enrollment system. So if anything we've learned from these, be prepared for more upside than what we expected going forward. I mean, is this a high satisfaction as far as Kevin talked about, our retention rate at 80% year-over-year; that's pretty good for any kind of commercial product that's out there. So it says that some things were being done right.
Michael Neidorff: I will start a little bit there. Some of the benefit plans are different -- benefit, competition, structures, things of that nature can be impacted by.
Michael Neidorff: I think whether they are out there and I'm not going to talk too much about where we're going and how we're going and for obvious competitive reasons.
Michael Neidorff: We're very supportive of the work requirements back when [indiscernible] was governor of -- Indiana was installed and we were very supportive there helping to how to do it. And I remind you it's childless adults who don't have physical disabilities and we think that's good public policy, we will work very diligently with the seats [ph] who want to do it to implement it in a very responsible way.
Michael Neidorff: I just want to thank everybody. As we said, it's -- this quarter had a lot of moving parts because of Fidelis and different issues but it was a solid quarter, it was a stronger quarter, we eventually had anticipated, we planned forward, we're pleased with that. We're pleased with what how the safety use is going to unfold and looking forward to another very strong year. So, we thank you and look forward to talk to you in subsequent calls. Have a good day. Thanks.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. A couple of things. I would say first, it's two things in the first quarter. Number one, it's higher membership; and two, a little bit better performance on a year-over-year basis from an HBR perspective. So really, two things driving the phenomenon in the first quarter. I'm not going to get into specifics, but I think I made commentary in the past that marketplaces close to break even by the fourth quarter, so the majority of the earnings are in the first quarter with the fourth quarter really being the offset and it starts to decline from the first quarter to the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. A couple of things. A lot of the metrics are changing just because of the reblending of the Fidelis. When you move Fidelis out of quarter, we've talked about before that they've had a lower G&A ratio compared to the Centene business as it stands today. So when you adjust for that timing, effectively, it changes all the metrics because of the reblending of the two companies for half a year. I think that's the largest thing going on. Obviously we've talked a little bit about the investments -- some of the investments that we've made this morning as far as transactions and investments that we've already closed. Obviously, those have effects on the ratio as well, but the largest driver is really the reblending of the company when you move Fidelis out of quarter.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. I guess, Kevin, the way I'd look at it is the last guidance update we gave was February 6, so we've had indications that flu is a little bit higher. The way we view it is we were $0.05 ahead of our internal forecast and really what I would do is I'd start with the $2.17 and obviously back off the $0.12. It was just mathematics on the movement of the shares and then you have the $0.05 beat that we mentioned. With the commentary we made on February 6 was really that Q1 would be higher than Q2 and it's really driven by the marketplace business and the early enrollment that I mentioned. So I think if you do that, that's the number you will come up with.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. So I think everything to Michael's point is consistent with the commentary that we provided on February 6.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. Again, I'll go back to -- this is $0.05 better than our expectations, not the discreet consensus number. We were always here. I make commentary on February 6 that said effectively, 2018 is going to lay out similar to '17 which would imply something like 54% of the earnings are on the first half of the year and then Q1 was going to be higher than Q2. If you do that math, I think that gets you to where we are right now, which is a kind of $0.05 ahead of expectations and to Michael's point is really driven by performance in the HBR line and the revenue line with the marketplace, and Medicaid and all those things that we've listed in the press release.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. I made comments in my prepared remarks that they're in-line with expectations. So I think they continue to perform well and really all that we're talking about this morning is really out-performancing Q1 and the rest is really just timing of the transaction closing.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I think Michael is right. It's really volume-driven. You'll notice in our filings we do have some minimal MLR payables. To some extent, we're projecting a full-year margin and that's what we're recording to.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. We're net payer, but obviously the volume has grown because of the increase in the size of the business.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. That's $0.12 for Q1. That would not be the case for the full year because the first quarter share count, it would be one-third of the total shares for the quarter versus on the full year, it gets diluted by the full year share count. So the $0.12 is not the number for the full year, it's really the Q1 number. That's a little bit different there. What we've done is we've packaged up all of the movement of Fidelis into one line item. We have assumed the offerings in March, we're moving those to May, the transaction closing April, we're moving that to July. That is all encapsulated in the $0.25 that's in the adjusted diluted EPS range.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: There is a lot in that question but I'll start at the beginning here. So the $0.25, you have to remember that includes another month of overhang, right, on -- compared to last guidance that includes another month of both shares and the debt overhang. So that number is probably larger than what you're expecting just because of the additional month of overhang. My second point would be; I'd go to my prepared remarks, I think Fidelis is performing exactly what we expected, so -- and I reiterated the accretion targets there. As far as the share price, we have updated -- I would say both two things, compared to when we announced this transaction in September of last year, both a share price and interest expense. So bond rates have moved against this, the share price has moved in our favor. I would tell you we have what we believe are relatively conservative expectations but we haven't raised the capital sitting here today.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: We said $25 million in the first year. I made a comment today that we're on target to get half of that in 2018. We did say $100 million in year two, we've always targeted a higher level of synergies but we felt comfortable with the $100 million and that's where we are today.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, we've had this conversation before. I think if you go back to the numbers that we said today where if we had Fidelis for a full year, right, you would be increasing $0.35 to $0.40. So if you just do that math, I think -- and then assume mid to up or single digit accretion as we've said, it is an accretive deal for the year. So, and we're picking up half of that accretion in 2018.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, I think we saw improvement really driven by network and unit cost initiatives in addition to medical management. We did have some states that had favorable pay for performance metrics, certain part percentages of our contracts are at risk based on meeting usually quality and performance metrics and some of those came in favorable which we're pleased about. So overall it was -- it crossed the board, I would say generally a good performance in the Medicaid business.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, there is actually two things. Number one, it's -- some of those are 2017 metrics but it also changes your opinions on 2018 as well, right. Meaning, if you meet the metric in a previous year then you have more confidence that you'll meet the metric in the future year as well.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I mean, I think as we mentioned before we're not going to get into the details of 2019 pricing but I think all of those factors are factors that we would take into account when we're looking at the competitive dynamics of the marketplace business and what our goals and objectives are for 2019.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Justin, remember what we said was that the full year expectations aren't really any different here than what I would have communicated on February 6. We saw a little bit better performance in the first quarter but ultimately for the full year we think we're going to be consistent with what we previously communicated.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Obviously we had to pick a date for guidance in order to revise the guidance, right; so that's what that date reflects. As Michael indicated, I think it's going to be based on market conditions.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I think it's only the component that's in premium revenue; so I think it's roughly between 20 to 30 basis points, something like that.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No, I mean the only thing we did see obviously was the flu. So flu costs were higher than let's say average, so we did see higher drug spent on the flu side.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No. Again, the tax rate guidance went up because of the reblending of Fidelis. So in New York, they pay a premium tax versus the state income tax; so if you take the post-tax reform, they would need a much lower rate than the Centene average. So when you reblend the year after moving Fidelis a quarter, the rate goes up.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I think the other thing is that as we've planned the acquisition, we've looked at actually investing more G&A dollars there to really get medical management savings and I think we've mentioned that at the beginning of the transaction that things like payment integrity, fraud ways and abuse; all the analytic capabilities that we have here that we can support them with case management system, etcetera, etcetera. We think more of the opportunity is in medical expense versus G&A.
Kevin Counihan: I think there's a couple of things. We number one, think that regular changes are going to be made via regulation as Michael said; number two is that the state flexibility that exist in the payment notice we think actually could be a positive to us because it's just that we've been a payer, so stay flexibility in that regard may actually help us lower MOR. There's obviously going to be a positive. There are a number of things in the payment notice that we're encouraged by.
Kevin Counihan: Good morning. We actually have not experienced that. Our persistency rate is remaining at 80% which is above the national average, by the way. We're actually encouraged by that. What we're also particularly encouraged by is our effectuation rate. It's at 90%, which is about 10% higher than it was a year ago. That's something, which is you know is very critical in terms of predicting future retention. We're encouraged by what we're seeing. Now with respect to the individual mandate, it's kind of an interesting question because when I was at CMS, I never really thought the individual mandate was all that powerful and I'll tell you why. Because number one, the dollar value for the penalty was not that significant particularly compared to premium; and number two is there were so many opportunities for people to appeal. Whether it was for affordability, for college education, for religious purposes and others. So I think in a way, the new mandate is actually higher healthcare cost. I think people want to have insurance coverage, they want to protect themselves and their families. And I think we've seen with the enrollment going to 2018 how attractive these products are.
Kevin Counihan: Yes, AJ. A complicated number of moving parts with respect to the topic, but I think the starting point as -- you know, because I think you've see a lot from an industry perspective is some things need to change from the PBM model if you will and I think there's a couple of dimension to that that are both tied into our investment in RX Advance. One is just the underlying technology opportunity for automation, cloud, et cetera and that brings both administrative cost efficiencies that I think are important, number one, but it also improves the overall quality and experience and the ability to connect the interoperability of systems across in our case the payer landscape. But the other thing which I think is increasingly important is everybody understands that the benefit of having an internalized capability with respect to pharmacy management, how that ties to physical health and behavioral and the like, as you all know, we've been very focused on that from the beginning. I think what we see now is the ability to marry the technology, marry the scale benefits that exists, but also implement some new operating models. In particular the relationship for total cost of care and moving towards a value-based arrangement in pharmacy that has not existed in the past. I think that will address some of the transparency concerns that has been embedded n the industry for a long time.
Kevin Counihan: So our -- we're actually going through a strategic planning process uninvolved at present. One of the things that we want to do is make sure that those products are refreshed in a way that reflect the opportunities of the marketplace. Let me just give you an example; so one of the things that we're looking at is whether our EAP Program can be reconfigured in a way to support social determinants in a way to get software they could actually have one of our members call in and be able to be directed to a housing shelter if they need shelter for that night or a food bank if they need access to food or other kinds of things. So our real focus right now is making sure that the involved suite is meeting the needs of the current market.
