Michael Neidorff: Kevin, I’ll start off. I think the biggest issue we have is, we’ve never seen it like this before. We have seen all the models. We – it’s difficult to model when you have no prior experience. And the biggest issue I see is, for example, unemployment, it could reach as high as 20%. It’s right now around 15%. That’s depression level. And the forecast I see, say that in the first quarter, first half of next year, you’re not going to see a normalized return, even if they have the vaccine because you’re going to have probably 7%, 9% unemployment. And so what the various programs are - so while we would love to be able to say, this is what it is. Our planning assumptions have to be to take it quarter-by-quarter. And that’s why we thought it's very important to maintain guidance because we really believe that’s achievable. But that’s a baseline from, which we can judge when you have nothing out there, what’s the baseline for what you compare and look at. And so I wish I could say what I think 2021 will be. I’m hoping if it to be improved. We don’t even know how many peaks we’re going to have this year. We’re trying to return to work. We understand. I’m giving a long-winded answer. It’s the things we talk about. And I work with epidemiologists. And they keep telling me that the return to work before we have the - in a massive sort of way, the vaccine, its unpredictable where this is going to go. And I think the earliest we hear, hopefully, vaccine sooner, but first half of next year is probably the earliest we’ll see an effective well-tested vaccine. So, I guess, what I’m saying is, as we plan through this, we’re going to do rolling quarters and try and get a sense as we look at the models of what unemployment is going to be and what’s that mean to our business, what support the states will be able to provide. I wish I could be more definitive.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think the MLR, I mean from the new membership, I think I have to take the approach that it’s fairly normalized. But at the same time, these are people who have just lost the jobs than they may have had insurance previously. So, they may not have a lot of pent-up demand and maybe some. That’s part of the variable we’re dealing with. But the biggest issue is when are people returning to work? We - everybody believes that we - our visual planning was that the second quarter, we would see reduced utilization. Now, the issue there is, I am talking to major hospitals, went just right here in St. Louis [indiscernible] and others. They are doing everything they can to get things back to normal today and get people back in because of their income and everything is being affected by it. And they don’t want people to lose confidence in the hospitals. So, while I thought we may not see any until July, third quarter. We’re now - we may now see it well in May and June starting to return, which means it will be a more normalized MLR. So, we are typically and Jeff can go into more detail, we are typically booking from historical levels, expecting that because - I'll give you one more big variable and that said. That was true when we looked at the first quarter. The submission of bills does not have a normal pattern because the people who do it and physician and other offices who are working from home are not doing it. And so I - being our lag team, we have the finest. I’ve had the greatest confidence in them. It’s all predicated on data service to submission of bill. And that’s been thrown out of whack and will be for 12 months until it normalizes. So, it's a long-winded answer again, but this the toughest thing. So, I think the MLRs will normalize, and Jeff can talk about why the increase in Q1, which was anticipated, and we talked about it historically. But Jeff, why don’t you give a little more color on the MLRs.
Michael Neidorff: I think what I’ll just add is, I think we’ve talked to people recognize our systems and it’s allowed us to be on top of it to the maximum extent possible. And I think we’ll – as we go through the quarters, we’ll be able to give more color. But that’s why I made the statement because it is unusual to do that. But this is so variable that if we see some trend develop that we have some confidence and is real and realistic and material, we are not going to wait to the next earnings call to tell you. We're going to issue the 8-K or whatever, I set up a call, whatever because that’s the world we’re living in. It requires a different approach. And you can count on us continue to keep you informed as quickly as we know things. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Matthew Borsch of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Neidorff: I’m not sure that there is a lot of differences right now. I think everybody is very much focused on the safety, home avoidant. The biggest issue we see right now is delayed services. And I am very candid, Matt, what worries me is there is some – and I'll give you just - this is anecdotal, but I was talking to the head of the Pancreatic Cancer at Washu and surgeon. And he was saying how hospitals are not so much and that they're doing surgery where it's emerging and necessary. But there are people that are saying, in other locations, non-specific, well, we have to do maybe chemo before we do the surgery, because of the surgical suites and things. So the patterns of care are going to be adjusted based on what the availability is of hospitals and the PPE, et cetera. So it’s difficult, and I don’t think we can call out a difference in the various populations because it’s the pandemic kind of overrides it all.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I’ll make two comments. While it seems like ER utilization that won’t mean – when that's not – ER that's gone, but that’s a small percentage of it. It’s – because there's still people going in ER because they worry about the pandemic and that type of thing. But I can’t say that other care will not return. In other words, if someone needs back surgery, they may have delayed it in the – to an exercise thing, but it’s going to come back. And there’s a balance, there may be some cases that they say, well, I’d lived with that, I can do without it. But there’s some with the intensity and they probably be more acute. So, as you summarize it, we’ve never lived this way. I always tell people, experience is a sum of experiences and nobody’s had any experience in this to where they can rely on anything. So, it’s you’re guess or my guess.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. I’ll let Jeff respond. So, I’ll just talk a little bit to give you an example of the WellCare synergies. I mean, the State of Georgia is - because of their capability to do the readiness and everything else, they delayed the combination of the two plans for a year. We can live with that and it doesn’t mean that citizens won’t be, it will just be delayed. Another thing we’ve done, and I alluded to is with the unemployment rate being what it is in individuals who - where we done and just through the sheer combination, we’ve extended their severance pay and their benefits. You just don’t – that’s just the humanistic side of things. It’s not their fault. They are a very capable people. But - so we’ve extended that. And that’s a few million dollars here and there. But it’s that type of thing. And then Jeff can comment on the others.
Michael Neidorff: No, I think, Josh, I just want to make one other comment. We put in the press release, some of the things that have impacted it, the pluses and minuses. And we didn’t put - we put the one place we’ve had the knowledge of the interest, we put the $0.17 a share. But we wanted to give investors the sense that these are the things we’re watching. And the order of magnitude in this current environment is yet to be fully determined.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I mean, it is going to be within our premium. It’s a – we have the premium, and we have to look and see where the whole total, which will see how many of our members actually have the cost. And so if there is an issue, we’ll sit down with the states, but that’s going to vary state-by-state.
Michael Neidorff: Obviously, states have budget pressures. I mean, municipalities, everything with reduced tax revenues. But in our conversations, we remind them that the FMAP was 6% in recent legislation, you’re going to talk about moving it to 12%. So, that their revenue and their cost of the sharing for these premiums will be absorbed more by the federal government. So we have to work and see how it all plays out. But we’re confident that the revenue will be there. Most states understand the cost and the need to still be and CMS has been very clear. Some states have asked for – some – they ask for a waiver or change on actuarial soundness, and CMS said clearly, no. They understand that. So the basic principles Sarah, is still there. And that’s where the strength of our balance sheet comes in handy that we can – we have the strength and where we’re all to work with them and get issues resolved.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. I don’t really recall program cuts. I think the states are doing everything they can to normalize these types of things. And I feel for them. I mean, their biggest pressure right now is on the education, more so than our system. And if more schools are out of session – there’s that type of thing. But I don't think we’re at risk. I think healthcare is something that needs there and they realize that actions that reduce it and reduce the programs really come back to haunt them very quickly.
Michael Neidorff: I’ll tell you the factors we’re thinking about. I feel like I’m being two for both, so I’ll try and keep it. The epidemiologist, I’ll give you a factor. I haven’t seen much - having much about, there is a factor that measures the intensity of the virus in somebody. And what people don’t realize is that in the first three days if somebody has contracted the virus, it is at the highest acuity and intensity. So, you have people walking around that have the virus, who don’t know they have it and spreading it more. I really remember, I think it was one person came from China, got this whole thing started here. And so when we look at the peaks, what we worry about is that kind of factor and to what extent people take the steps to protect themselves. We’re planning on – we’ve said – we’re telling employees let us going out today that we expect that - we know we will not open before the end of May, and that may be pushed back another 30 days. Just in the abundance of conservatism and caution. But we’re installing equipment that will measure employees' temperatures when they come through the turn-styles that go to work. We’re working hard to get what we call seat partitions, a six-foot high partitions in. We’re working to figure out how we get random testing in. Those are the kinds of things that you do to try and minimize it. And somebody seems asymptomatic or symptomatic, send them home. But we don’t know, but we are saying that if there is a second and - peak, we have to be ready for it in terms of PPE, what we’re going to do, working at home. So we want to get people back in the office because it’s more efficient because you develop people more and we’re a high-growth industry. But we have to be ready as we were last time. And I am very proud of the IS people. They say, in three days had 66,000 people working at home with the training, everything on iPad just got it all set up. So, when we talk about planning for it, we plan to say, okay, what can we do to improve it? And they make it more - even more productive at home and protect those essential workers as they come. So, I don’t have an answer. We just have to figure out what happens if we do and what’s our response going to be. And pray it doesn't – pray they have medicines that protect and cure this thing until we get a vaccine.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. But you also – Jeff said, there's some offsets there, so that our breakeven in the first 12 months is still there.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. I mean, the normal submission patterns just aren’t there right now. That’s part of the variables. I mean, its things we haven’t seen before.
Michael Neidorff: I’ll start off a little bit and then let Jeff give you a little more color on it. But we are looking at what is a normal reserve. And that’s our starting point. Now, I will say that I use the words abundance of conservatism. I would hope that we’re going to be somewhat conservative in our bookings where there is all these variables because I’ve often said, I mean, I’d much rather come back to you in 12 months, I said, nine months whatever and say we had a prior period positive adjustment than a negative adjustment. And that’s - but even that, it’s just because these are things we’ve not seen before, submission patterns, so many variables here that we’re using historic patterns. I think it’s fair to say, Jeff, is a starting point. And so I don’t feel there was anything variable. But that’s been the basic approach. I don’t know you want to add to that.
Michael Neidorff: I’m going to jump in here. We have an annual meeting coming up in a few minutes. So I’m going to ask everybody to try and limit the questions because we’re going to run out of time here in about 10 minutes. Please continue.
Michael Neidorff: We said - we had commented prior to all this that the redeterminations were tailing off because they have gone through it. So, redeterminations right now would be very difficult if they wanted to do it because of the number of people have lost jobs and where we are. So, to try and put any percentage on it, we just - when we had our White House meetings, we raised the redeterminations and balanced billing is two things that the regulations had to deal with and I guess they heard us.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think there’s two aspects of it. One, on the bids, our group will continue to work through the normal process and they have to go through and look at their - as they always do. So, I see no change there. The government’s role, I don’t think this is a time that politically, economically, socially, or any other way that I see a shift there. I think this is a time when you want to keep as much constant as you can because there is enough variables out there. So, I don’t see any real shifting taking place there.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think I said that we anticipated the MLR would be lower in the second quarter, but even that’s now up for a change as people are trying to come back. So I think all I can really say is it’s going to be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, and it’s going to be very difficult to project it. I mean, it’s just - as we see something that we can say, we’ll tell you, but it’s just going to be very lumpy. And tell me how it researches. I mean it’s just – I don't want to predict something when we – when the uncertainty is so great. We’re just managing through it.
Michael Neidorff: I think what I said is, I’m not going to anticipate that these are all new members that have had no health care. These are people who have lost their jobs and maybe chose not to go through the other process to keep insurance with the company. So, it’s not like that somebody has had no insurance at all. So, there’s a balance. I’m just trying to give a balance just to give you a sense of how we’re looking at it.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we’re not seeing that. We’re not - the state right now, we’re talking about things if we can get to get their PPEs for the state troopers and a lot of other things to just be supportive of the environment win and they are pleased with the coverage of what we’re doing, and I don't see any major changes now in the future.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I guess we’ve done with the questions, I just want to - just in closing, I want to help everyone understand that this is - this business is as vital and viable as it’s ever been. We are comfortable we have the systems and capabilities to manage through the uncertainty. And the key here is that while we, at this point, are confident on our guidance for the year, I cannot emphasize nothing. It’s going to be lumpy. It’s not going to be a normal progression depending on how people come back, how the intensity, how are the services. These are the things we’re managing through, and we have managed through in the past – this past so far this year. And so our employees are in sound working conditions. The business continuity is there. The growth is there. Our ability to work on the cost is there. So going forward, we’ll continue to keep you informed, and we’re going at this with full confidence that we’ll get through this and continue to be very successful for our shareholders. I thank you for your interest. Look forward to talking to you soon.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, I think we highlighted in the press release, obviously, the Q1 MLR and exchange normalization. Obviously, the addition of WellCare and the blending of the two companies. WellCare has a higher HBR in the first quarter because they don’t have a significant marketplace business. And then obviously, they had a lot of growth in the PDP business this year, and that’s the highest MLR for the PDP businesses in Q1. We had new markets with the start-up of the LTSS in Pennsylvania and obviously, Iowa carrying over from last year, we had leap year; we had the effect of New York rates. So, I guess, a lot of things that were driving the MLR in - on a year-over-year basis higher, partial – part of that was offset by the health insurer fee, but…
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Josh, this is Jeff. Just a couple of quick things. Obviously, we’ve sized the revenue piece in our revenue guidance and you can imagine, as with our income statement, the sizing of the categories is revenue and cost would be the - from a dollar perspective just because they’re the largest dollar captions on the financial statement. So, real quick on the risk adjustment initiatives. I mentioned in my prepared remarks around 2019 risk adjustment. As you may be aware, usually, in the first half of 2020 or the first half of every year, there’s a significant amount of chart chase effort that goes on. Even though risk adjustment is relative to your competition, we have data that would indicate that we’re disproportionately affected because we do a better job of capturing codes. And so because of what happened in March, that submission date goes through May. Because of what happened in March, we think there is going to be an effect there on the 2019 risk adjustment. And it’s kind of hard to size the magnitude at this point, but you can think about it in that context. Delay in WellCare synergies, again, I think we’ve mentioned in the past that the WellCare transaction was effectively breakeven without the share repurchase. I think we’d still be at breakeven, but you would include the share repurchase this year. So, I think from a transaction perspective that can give you a relative size on the synergy shift. And again, we’re still trying to capture those synergies. But as Michael mentioned, there is obviously some regulatory changes that will delay some of that capture.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah. I would say the delay would skew more to the medical line is what I would say. Not much, but a little bit.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, I’ll start on a couple of things. So, on the delayed payments, as you all may be aware, it’s New York's fiscal year end. So it’s not uncommon for states to delay their payment for a few days at the end of their fiscal years, which is what happened. So we’ve subsequently been paid. On the rates, the rates still aren’t final. So we really don’t have any update I would say, that’s with some finality, based – compared to what we said on the March 3rd and March 4th when we gave guidance. So there is no real change there from that perspective. And what was the – your last one? I mean…
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, just in general, just to maybe get a grounding point, the actuarial standards require reserving under moderately adverse conditions. And anytime there’s uncertainty, generally, you would add additional margin or additional cushion, if you will, because of the uncertainty of the environment you’re in. So, two things, we can only accrue for and record our best estimate of what we think our claims liability is going to be under the accounting standards. And that best estimate would only be for claims that we believe have occurred prior to quarter, month or year-end. And so at the end of the first quarter, that's what we did. To Michael’s point, early - in the first quarter as we closed the books, we did not really see any difference in the claim submission patterns. It looked like the claims that we received were in line with our forecast. And so we recorded a normal level of reserve. That’s why we indicated that in the first quarter that COVID didn’t really have an effect. And that’s because in a normal month, we really only receive a very small percentage of the claims for the last two weeks of the month. So, hopefully, that gives you a little insight on Q1 and kind of how the reserving process works.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, I appreciate the difficulty in modeling the Q1 MLR, HBR. Obviously, we had a lot of moving parts, specifically with the closure of the WellCare transaction and the proration of their results. We also divested three businesses, two Legacy WellCare, one Legacy Centene. And so it became challenging. We did not - we did not give a MLR Q1. What we did do was in early March, when we gave our guidance, we indicated that the high 80s to low $0.90 range from an adjusted earnings perspective. And the way I would think about that is if you look at the $0.86, we had $0.05 that was purely driven by what happened in the second half of March with interest rates. And so that was unknown to us at the beginning of March when we gave our guidance. And so I guess from that perspective, we would, kind of, view we were in line with what we told people at the beginning of the month. And, obviously, we said COVID costs were neutral. And so that's where we were from our perspective. We didn't give really any guidance on the Q1 MLR. And we appreciate it’s higher, but a lot of the things that I think I highlighted earlier were really the drivers. We previously talked about exchange normalization, yet the addition of WellCare, which runs a higher MLR in the first quarter. And specifically, they did have a significant PDP growth, which it’s the highest MLR for the quarter, new markets in Pennsylvania. We have leap year and then, of course, the New York rate effect. And so I guess from our perspective, it’s kind of where we thought it would be.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, A.J., you’re spot on. It would include both our prediction on the higher unemployment as well. So it's both components, eligibility redetermination, suspension and higher unemployment. I’m not going to split those out at this point in time because, I think, as Michael mentioned, there’s a lot of uncertainty here. So we were comfortable with the number in aggregate, and I think that’s what we’re going to stick to at this point. As far as state updates, I’m not aware of any significant updates, I think, we still have North Carolina in for 10.1 [ph] We’ll have to see how that plays out.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah, I guess, here’s what I would say, Justin. I mean, obviously, there’s a lot of uncertainty here with respect to the cost line and the pandemic and everything. I would say, excluding the effect of the pandemic, our range would still hold. The real variable is going to be how the costs play out for the year, both the revenue and the cost play out for the year associated with the pandemic here.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah. Just – this is Jeff. Just real quick. It’s not really having an effect. I mean, the $0.17 is really just driven by the lower interest rates. I mean, half of our investment portfolio is effectively set aside to pay claims, and it’s invested in short term daily liquidity instruments. And so when you lower the short-term interest rates substantially, that just has an effect, right? And then the other piece of that number would be the higher interest cost. We were going to redeem our 2022 bonds. Instead, we've decided to defer that redemption and leave those – leave that cash on the books. And so there is a higher interest cost there. And those were 4.75% notes. And so that’s really what's driving the $0.17. On the provider front, we have historically and continued to pay claims as fast as we can. So I think Michael historically has told stories if a claim comes in today and it’s a clean claim, it’s automatically adjudicated, it’s ready to be paid the next day. And so that’s – we’ve run it that way for a long time. So it hasn’t had any impact, if you will, on the payable side.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, no. I mean, certainly, we’ve seen some members have delayed payments, but we just haven’t made it that far yet, right? I mean it’s been 30, 40 days or so here, so we’ll just have to see how that plays out.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. I think that’s the kind of the point I was making is that from our perspective, I think that’s still open. And so we really are just waiting to get a final resolution there on what the effect is and then ultimately discuss that when it happens. But right now, I’d say they’re still open at this point and so more to come.
Jeff Schwaneke: I mean, that could be a driver. But in general, I think it’s just process related right now, meaning, I think the Medicaid review task force came out with recommendations, and I think we’ve had one meeting with the states since then maybe so. It’s just – there’s a long way to go, I think, before those get finalized.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, I think Michael is right. I mean we’ve certainly paid some claims. But I would not want to give an average cost because we just don’t have the volume yet to give a credible number is what I would say.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, no. We didn’t get into the specifics on the product level as far as going forward. Again, I think that’s part of the uncertainty that we’re dealing with.
