Graham Tiver: Thanks, Meg, and hello, everyone. Our financial performance and balance sheet have remained resilient because of our strong underlying business and our consistent approach to capital management. I would like to highlight here that our capital management framework remains unchanged. This framework provides the flexibility of funding value-accretive growth, while continuing to deliver strong shareholder returns. Underpinning our capital management framework is discipline. We run our business with consistent cost focus and have managed our unit production costs down despite inflationary pressures. We will further tighten our belts and continue to rationalize discretionary spend. We are disciplined with our investment decisions. The acquisitions of Tellurian and OCI's clean ammonia project are both aligned with Woodside's corporate strategy and our capital allocation framework. As the operator of these opportunities, we control the spend, allowing us to face the development, bring in partners at our determination and use the contractors we want. The sell-down of equity in the Scarborough joint venture bring quality partners into the project and back into the business. The sale proceeds of $910 million received from LNG Japan and an estimated total consideration of $1.4 billion coming from JERA. And we are disciplined in how we position the balance sheet to achieve our goals. We know the importance of dividends to our shareholders. And when we evaluate the financial scenarios, we assume a dividend payout ratio at the top end of our range, even a stress case pricing. We target a gearing range of 10% to 20% through the investment cycle. With the recent acquisitions, we expect to access debt markets in the near-term. Our gearing will likely go above the top of our range for a period of time. This is expected to reduce back to within our target gearing range by utilizing the various levers at our disposal. Moving to our financial performance in the period. Despite lower average realized prices, our base business continues to perform very well. Costs are down and we're demonstrating excellent operational discipline and resilience across our financial metrics. This is translating into a healthy dividend payment representing a half-year annualized yield of 7.3% at June 30. Cash flow generation through the first-half of 2024 was strong, delivering a cash margin above 80%, which has been sustained over the past five years. Importantly, we have achieved positive free cash flow of $740 million in a heavy capital investment year and with significant tax payments. This is in line with the previously provided outlook for free cash flow. We expect to update our outlook to include acquisitions and sell-downs once we complete the transactions. Our balance sheet is well positioned with our gearing at the lower end of our target range and a strong cash-generative portfolio of assets. This is how we have created and returned value to shareholders in the first-half. I'll now hand back to Meg.
Graham Tiver: Hi, Mark, thank you, Graham here. So yes, so effectively, of that $1.7 billion paid in tax in the cash flow statement, $1.5 billion was related to income tax and the remainder being PRRT. What I'd point to Mark is if you have a look at the end of December as a part of our full-year results in the balance sheet, we had a tax payable liability of $1.1 billion. So effectively, that has been paid along with tax payments for the 2024 year. So hopefully, that provides some clarity. Importantly, we are one of the largest taxpayers in Australia. And as Meg touched on in her presentation, all up across all taxes and royalties in Australia, we paid AUD2.7 billion in the first-half.
Graham Tiver: So it's very early days. We are still working through one project completion of the actual acquisition, we're still reassessing the capital, the phasing of the capital, et cetera, and then the sell-down process. But to answer your question at a very high level, based on what we see today, it is highly likely that we will still pop up above 20% for gearing for a period of time in a 50% sell-down scenario. But having said that, and I caveat, there's still a lot of work to do between now and then.
Graham Tiver: Thanks, James. I'm very happy to answer the cash flow question. As you've quite rightly pointed out, there are swings and roundabouts. We can go into all the different line items. But if we stand back, I'm very comfortable in saying that our half one free cash flow is on track as per our IBD ‘23, November ‘23 cash flow guidance. And when we extrapolate that forward for the full-year position, also very comfortable that we are tracking above that as you hit on, the prices are generally higher than what we've received to the mid case of 70 that we put forward in the IBD. So yes, we can go into the detail and happy to take that offline. But in terms of -- yes, there are swings around about in regards to prices, timing of CapEx, tax payments, et cetera. But when you stand back and look at it, the business is performing extremely strongly. And that's evidenced in our cash flow generation and the ability to pay strong dividends. We are in line with what we put forward at the November IBD and will likely exceed it.
Graham Tiver: Yes. Thanks, James, and always good questions. And I think if we can go back to the work at OCI where we spoke around about the strength of the balance sheet and our gearing. I think it was sort of as I touched on with Saul's question, in our mid-price scenario, we will be above 20% and at the stress price. I'm not sure if that's what you mean by subdued. It was more around the mid-20s. What I would say, when we look at the levers, the first and foremost is just continued strong operational performance. We must continue for the underlying business to perform well and generate strong cash flows to support the balance sheet. We've always got opportunities around phasing of capital spend. We've got opportunities around cost reductions, tightening up on the OpEx and CapEx, discretionary spend, et cetera. We've already touched on the hedging program. We've touched on earlier on around our willingness or our plan to sell down a portion of Driftwood and that's a core part of it. So look, there's many levers, and we will assess them on their merits. And it's all a part of the work that has to take place over the next six months or so.
Graham Tiver: Yes. So Dale, we don't normally provide that level of detail, asset by operational level. hear your question. I think the key point is to -- as Meg touched on is around the ramp-up and we get a feel for the ramp up, how the connectivity is across the wells and then we can look to consensus and see how we're traveling.
Graham Tiver: Yes. So Henry, just for clarity, on the $1.4 billion is the cash proceeds that will go into the cash flow statement once received, and that's estimated at this point in time. What we're talking about in the net profit after tax calculation is the profit or loss on the sale, which for both LNG Japan and for JERA sell-down, it will be a profit. And for LNG Japan, I think it was $110 million -- $120 million apologies. So it's not -- I want to be very clear, it's not the full cash amount that's going into the underlying dividend calculation. It's the profit on the sale.
Graham Tiver: Yes. Thanks, Matt. A couple of things. The unit costs are really just focused on the production cost. So we're not necessarily. We don't include royalties, et cetera, but you're right, royalties are lower. This is the raw production costs of producing our products. When you normalize across the two years -- the 2.5 years, whether turnaround for interconnector, it doesn't matter how you look at it, our costs for the first-half of ‘24 below those of FY '23 for the first-half. And as Meg touched on, is there one particular point that stands out where we press the button and it all unfolded. No, it is hard work. It's constant process and energy plugging away at the underlying cost base and just really strong alignment across our businesses and focus on cost scrutiny in the business.
Graham Tiver: Absolutely. The underlying costs have decreased across Woodside, obviously, ups and downs between operations. It depends what's going on. But across the business, a very broad theme of strong cost improvement.
Meg O'Neill: Thanks, Graham. As I outlined earlier, conducting our business sustainably is one of the goals underpinning our strategy to thrive through the energy transition. While we were disappointed at the shareholder vote received on our climate transition action plan at our AGM. We respect the results, and we will continue seeking feedback from investors. During the half, we progressed the implementation of our asset decarbonization plans and remain on track to achieve our Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction targets. We also announced a new complementary abatement target to take FID on new energy opportunities by 2030, with total abatement capacity of 5 million tonnes per annum of CO2 equivalents, as well as generating attractive investment returns, the acquisition of OCI's Clean Ammonia Project is a material step towards delivering on our Scope 3 investments and abatement targets. And beyond our own initiatives and investments. Woodside is also championing lower carbon initiatives across the sector. In January, we became the first Australian company to join the oil and gas methane partnership 2.0, a flagship international program aimed at improving the accuracy and transparency of methane emissions reporting. Conducting our business sustainably also extends to supporting community development wherever we operate. Woodside continues to be among Australia's top tax contributors, our total tax and royalty payments during the half to Australian governments was AUD2.7 billion. This demonstrates an ongoing and significant contribution to the economic prosperity of Australia. As described in our Northwest Community development report, we spent more than AUD2.4 billion with local businesses in Western Australia through the Northwest Shelf and Scarborough projects during 2023. In Senegal, our Sangomar project is providing significant local content opportunities creating jobs for more than 4,400 Senegalese people. I'd like to close by recapping on our strategic priorities for 2024 and demonstrating the strong investment case for our shareholders. We have a high-quality, cash-generative portfolio, and we are well positioned to supply growing LNG demands. We deliver strong and consistent returns to our shareholders and are on track to deliver our emissions reduction targets. And above all, we are committed to continuously improving safety. Our achievements in the first-half of 2024 demonstrate delivery of our strategic goals and give us great confidence that Woodside will thrive through the energy transition. Last month, we celebrated 70-years as an Australian company and reflected on our proud history and proven experience. Looking to the future, we have the strategy, the people and the portfolio to enable us to deliver shareholder value for decades to come. Thank you. I'll now open the call to your questions. Please limit your questions to two each. So everybody has an opportunity to ask their questions.
Meg O'Neill: Yes. Mark, it's probably worth reminding you and the investors why we hedge. So we have been hedging plus or minus 30 million barrels of oil for the last couple of years in this period of higher capital spend. We also hedge our Corpus Christi contracts. So those are Henry Hub and TTF hedges, and that's really to manage the trading risk in that particular contract. So the hedging that -- I think asking you're asking about is the oil-linked hedging, and we do expect to continue hedging in 2025, and we will take a look in due course at 2026 as we firm up plans forward for Driftwood as we get better line of sight as to what exactly our capital spend is going to look like, that will inform our decisions as to whether or not we hedge in '26.
Meg O'Neill: Yes. But again, well, look, I'd say not necessarily more. We've been targeting the 30 million barrels because we feel that's an appropriate level of hedging to protect our ability to cover our base costs as well as continue the investments that we've sanctioned. And so I wouldn't expect it to go above the 30 million barrels, but it really will be a question for 2026 of how much hedging is appropriate -- as we -- you'll recall, 2026 is when we expect to start LNG production from Scarborough. So spend ramps down, revenue starts to come in, but that will be kind of the critical year as we think about the cash balance going forward.
Meg O'Neill: And Saul, maybe it's worth elaborating on Graham's answer. We said our target gearing range is 10% to 20%, but it's not hard guardrails, it's a target range, and we may be above or below at periods in time. And you'd be well aware that we were below it last year when market conditions were in our favor. We again, with the investment in Driftwood may go above it for a period of a couple of years. But again, they're not hard and fast rules. It's more target range.
Meg O'Neill: Yes. So what we said about Driftwood is we really want to put together the Dream team. We've had more inbounds than we can shake a stick at. So we've got the luxury of being able to really pick the partners we want to work with. And our intention, as we progress towards an investment decision there is we want to have line of sight to the partnership that we want. We may not have everything signed, sealed and delivered, but we do want to have line of sight to the partnership. If we didn't have anybody interested, I don't -- it would not be our intention to go forward at 100% with nobody queued up.
Meg O'Neill: Yes. Thanks for the question, Saul. We actually tried to get that hard and fast data. And unfortunately, it's a bit all over the map. There are some very high-quality operators in the U.S., who operate in that 95%-ish range reliability. There are other operators that struggle to keep their plants online. What we can speak to is our track record and part of why we highlight our LNG reliability every half-year and full-year is just to kind of confirm with the market the capability that we have in our organization to get the maximum value through the facilities that we have.
Meg O'Neill: So Saul, one of the things that we're working on as we put together our dream team is making some of those decisions around how much equity LNG we want to maintain, how much equity in the plant we want to maintain and how much equity LNG we want to maintain. If – look, it'd be premature for us to speculate on how we would structure any contracts. There may be circumstances where we would sign FOB contracts. But in some ways, that really is linked to the infrastructure kind of model where you get that high confidence in the new stream, where we think we can really add value is actually by taking more of that into our portfolio. So our starting point is whatever equity position we take, we're going to take it into our portfolio because we think we can access better pricing by being able to sell it at either oil indexation, CTS indexation or JKM.
Meg O'Neill: Saul, we've got a few others in the queue if we can -- if I can ask you to hop back in. Thanks, Saul.
Meg O'Neill: Yes. Thanks for the question, Gordon. And I appreciate your commentary. I know you've studied that quite closely, and you appreciate the complexities of the asset that we have there. We're really pleased with the well performance that we've seen to-date. What we haven't done yet is gotten water injection or gas injection up and running. And as you would well appreciate, we need those secondary recovery mechanisms to maintain the flow rates from the wells. So it's going to take us a bit of time to really understand how the field is plumbed together and how effective those secondary recovery mechanisms are going to be. So I'd say we're still in the -- too early to say stage. But very pleased with the well performance to date.
Meg O'Neill: It's a lot of hard work on a lot of different fronts as I'm sure you'd appreciate, to manage unit production costs, a lot of focus in base cost management through the business. just taking a look at everything we do and how we do our work. It's looking at things like how efficiently we're managing our turnarounds how efficiently we're executing maintenance, looking for synergies and things like helicopters and boats making sure we're efficient in our above field support. So there's no silver bullets. It's a lot of hard work on a lot of different fronts.
Meg O'Neill: Well, Tom, I'd say we already are taking steps to add growth in deepwater LNG with Sangomar and Trion. So we've got a project that's now in the operational phase, and then the Trion project 10% completes. So we actually have taken steps to increase our -- sorry, our deepwater oil portfolio. If you're trying to fish more generally as are we looking at other M&A opportunities. Look, nothing at this point in time. We're very pleased with the quality of the Driftwood and OCI Clean Ammonia Project Acquisitions, and we'll be very focused on finding a pathway to make the Driftwood FID decision in a way that delivers value for our shareholders.
Meg O'Neill: Look, Tom, as I said, really pleased with how the wells are performing. It's a new facility. And every time you start up the new facility, you always have to work through a few, we'll call it upsets and the team has been doing actually a fantastic job of as we bring new equipment on as we learn things, responding to those learnings. But it really is too early to draw any conclusions around the long-term reservoir performance Again, the key kind of challenge or question with Sangomar is the connectivity within the reservoir, and we need to get the water injection wells up and running and the gas injection wells up and running to understand our ability to sweep oil through the reservoir.
Meg O'Neill: Yes. Thanks, Nick. Look, I appreciate a lot of interest in this topic. As we think about putting together our dream team, one of the capabilities we're going to be looking at our partners as you can bring connection into that upstream gas world because, as you know, it will be incredibly important for us to understand the U.S. onshore gas market and to have ability to ensure we get the gas feeding into the plant that we need at a price that remains affordable. But at this point in time, we have no intentions of going into the upstream. We would be very cautious if we were to do so, again, recognizing the skills and capabilities for onshore U.S. shale gas is quite different from the skills and capabilities we have. So in due course, we will continue to look at ways we can manage that upstream risk, but it is not a priority for us to get into upstream U.S. at this point in time.
Meg O'Neill: Sure. We've worked very hard before we put out that cost update to really understand the vulnerabilities of the Scarborough project to understand where we've spent the money to date and where we're tight and where we needed a bit of support I have a very high level of confidence that we will deliver the project within that $12.5 billion. I guess just for the market's understanding, I am personally keeping a couple of hundred million of that in my pocket. So the project team doesn't have that. So they've been challenged to deliver it for $12.3 billion as we think about ongoing risks, so very pleased with particularly how the onshore work is going with Pluto Train 2, pleased with how the offshore pipeline installation is going. The FTA always has been a critical path, and that remains on critical path. As you saw in the deck, the top side is structurally complete, but there's still many hours to go to get everything ready to go before we made it with the hole. So we watch from a project execution perspective, that's a key item to watch. The second thing that we are watching very closely and working very closely with the regulator on is the Scarborough operations environment plan. We have already passed the completeness check with a NOPSEMA, so we are continuing to work through their questions. But given the evolving rules around consultation, we wanted to make sure we got that into NOPSEMA well in advance of needing it to make sure that we are robust and have the approvals we need by the time we bring the FTU into Australian waters.
Meg O'Neill: And from a production perspective, so the guidance we put out, I think at that point in time, we would have said Sangomar start-up was expected in “mid-24”, which is what we've delivered. So yes, very pleased with how it's ramping up. But again, in any business, there's a number of different assets, and we still feel pretty -- well, we still believe and stand by the guidance we've put out for total production.
Meg O'Neill: But James, at a high level, it's probably worth reinforcing that over the period, you would have seen that Woodside has a track record of taking care of both our debt holders and our equity holders. You would have seen we've been in and out of the debt market for probably the last 20 or 30 years. And we pay our debts as and when they're due. And for the last decade, we've continued to provide very healthy returns to our shareholders. So we've certainly got the ability to do both.
Meg O'Neill: Sure. Well, look, what I think we've had a couple of thematic questions, which we tried to address in this presentation. With Driftwood, there's been a lot of desire to understand what's different about how Woodside would do a U.S., LNG projects from how other U.S., LNG players have done their projects. And so that's why we put that slide in showing the sorts of activities that we believe we bring to the opportunity to create additional value and why we think it's compelling. And with OCI, look, I think there was an element of surprise. We've been saying for three years that we would spend -- that our intention was to profitably invest $5 billion in new energy products and services. I think the market just wasn't expecting us to do $2.3 billion this year. I think a lot of folks had probably built into their model that we would back-end weight that -- and look to be fair, we had probably signaled that as we had been focused on pursuing organic growth opportunities, which would have had a slower ramp-up of spend. So those are probably the key themes that we've been hearing, Adam.
Meg O'Neill: Sure. Well, let me speak more broadly about decommissioning. We have a very significant decommissioning campaign underway this year. And this builds on activities we started last year with the build plug and abandonment campaign. We've got a large plug-and-abandonment campaign for Stybarrow this year. And we're taking steps to remove subsea flow lines, riser dirt mooring systems from a number of legacy assets, things like Griffin as well as Stybarrow. As we go to Bass Strait, the operator and joint venture has been working for many years on decommissioning their initial focus on plug and abandonments. So basically dealing with the wells so that the platforms can subsequently be removed safely. We have been working with the operator on a plan forward for removing a number of the steel pile jackets that are in place. And the work that we've done thus far would support that a better safety and environmental outcome would be to leave the parts of the steel pile jackets that are in deeper water in place. Now Australian law today requires full removal, and that's why the joint venture has pulled that EP with the intention of continuing to do the scientific work to document the positive environmental impacts associated with live in place. North West Shelf, I assume you're asking about train retirement dates. So we continue to monitor production from North West Shelf. The offshore is doing quite well. We're processing a fair amount of Pluto gas at the Karratha Gas Plant today and do expect to see ramp-up from Waitsia in due course. So we are continuing with our planning to take on LNG train offline either late this year or in the first-half of next year.
Meg O'Neill: Yes. At this point, Henry, we're very pleased with the relationship we've built with Petrosen and the relationship we've built with the government of Senegal. You would have seen in the past that photo, myself and the President of Senegal out on the FPSO, celebrating first oil. Look, we know every governments all around the world has the rights to determine the framework that governs resource development in their nations. In Senegal, we have a contract. We have a production sharing contract. We have a host government agreement. These were fairly negotiated with the government of that nation. And look, we're happy to have a conversation with the government, but we need to make sure that we're protecting the thesis, the investment thesis on which we entered the project. So at this point in time, we'll continue to have open discussions. I would note that the Presidents around the time of his appointments or his election. He made some very positive comments welcoming private investment to the nation of Senegal and Sangomar development is one of the nation's largest private investments. So I'll leave it there.
Meg O'Neill: Look, you're probably better off asking Perdaman for the timeline. We need to be ready to supply them in 2026, and we will be. As to the pace of their ramp-up, that's really for Perdaman to communicate to the market. And in terms of the WA domestic gas inquiry. Look, we recognize this is an important matter for the state. We recognize that the domestic gas largely from the Northwest Shelf has underpinned a tremendous amount of economic prosperity in Western Australia. We intend to continue to work with the government on how to continue to get those positive benefits. It's probably worth Sarah noting that I know Browse has also received quite a bit of recent media attention. As we think about the State's gas needs in the 2030s, Browse is going to be an important part of solving what appears to be a growing supply-demand gap. So we'll continue to work with the government, both state and commonwealth on Browse to ensure that the state doesn't end up in a similar situation as these East Coast states.
Meg O'Neill: Look, I'd say that both of those developments have their challenges. So Browse, as you know, we've been working on environmental approvals for six years and continue to seek them. We're not going to make any significant capital investments until we have confidence in those approvals. Sunrise has a lot of complexity, straddling the border of both Australia and Timor-Leste trying to get all of the governing documents negotiated has complexities and then getting to the point where we've got an investable project. We've got a bit of work to do. So no priority. There are two horses that want to get into the race, but they're both in the training track right now.
Meg O'Neill: Sure. So we've, over the past few years, established a very constructive working relationship with Pemex. They have quite a bit of deep expertise having been the sole proponent of the Mexican oil and gas sector for many years. They do have financial challenges, and that's part of why the Trion contract was structured with a carry. So we continue to carry Pemex for their share of investments through this calendar year. We've worked very closely with both Pemex and the government to ensure there's clarity around Pemex’s needs to pay their fairway starting in 2025. And at this point in time, we've received all assurances from the government and Pemex that they will do so.
Meg O'Neill: All right. Well, thanks, Rob. So look, this seems on the climate transition action plan, we're probably thematically oriented towards wanting more rather than wanting less really a broad range of areas of interest from various investors though. Some wanted to see more detail and clarity on Scope 1 some expressed concerns around offsets, some themes around demand resilience for LNG and part of why we included the chart in this presentation showing coal demand is to make that point around the role for LNG and helping the world decarbonize. Some more questions around our ambition on new energy, which the OCI Clean Ammonia Acquisition, I think, addresses pretty elegantly. There are really a wide range of feedbacks. In terms of the future made in Australia, look, probably less of a connection to H2Perth. But what I would say, Rob, is if we're thinking about a future made in Australia, just as if we think about it today made in Australia, we need gas. If you look at how the manufacturing sector in Australia has grown over the decades, it's been underpinned by access to reliable and affordable gas. So not just a future made in Australia, but it today made in Australia need natural gas.
Meg O'Neill: Nothing's changed. So we still have our option to come as operator on one block there. We continue to look at the opportunity space there. Obviously, a lot of kind of interest across our industry with some of the other discoveries, but we're going to be patient and disciplined as we are with all of our exploration opportunities.
Meg O'Neill: All right. Well, thanks everyone, for joining the call. I really appreciate your interest in Woodside and appreciate your support of the business. We look forward to engaging with you in future days to further discuss and share with you our strategy of how we're delivering on our goal to thrive through the energy transition. Thank you.
