Drew Asher: Yes. Thanks, Justin. So at Investor Day, you’re right, we revised the long-term pretax margin to 5% to 7.5% for the Marketplace business. And that is unchanged even with a little bit of choppiness in the near-term. I can’t give you an exact date when we’re going to get there and stay there. But we’re below that now, obviously, with the pressure that we outlined in Q2 and some of the pent-up demand. And then with respect to the guidance range, I’d say my comments are the same from Investor Day. We kept the range wide for a reason. And there is clearly paths to get into that guidance range. So we maintain that despite some of the pressure that we outlined for Q2.
Drew Asher: Okay. Let’s start with risk adjustment. Like I said in the prepared remarks, the Wakely data, that’s a third-party actuarial firm that aggregates for most carriers data came in. That’s date of service through April. That was consistent with our expectations, and that largely represents, Josh, the members that rolled into this year and incurred claims during the first 4 months. So that’s consistent with our expectations. On the pent-up demand, certainly, it’s the nature of the services, the outpatient nature. We’ve seen orthopedics, joint degeneration, unfortunately, some psychiatry and chemical dependency drivers in marketplace. And really, the outpatient pressure coming into a little bit in March and then April and May, and then it popped in June. The SCP members, I think I mentioned this in my script as well, we’re seeing them access inpatient services and then quickly – while it’s early, quickly returning to a more normalized utilization. It’s early, so we’re tracking that, and we’re sort of managing this in those four cohorts.
Drew Asher: Sure, A.J. Yes, you’re right. In some states, we are into the risk corridors, even the standard ones or the minimum MBR depending on state-by-state, which you’re right, that would give us a cover for increased costs, but not everywhere. It’s sort of a mixed bag across our portfolio.
Drew Asher: So COVID, the COVID costs going back to April and May, we had budgeted or we had forecast some, but it was on an absolute basis higher. And then with our revised view coming out of Investor Day, the June number continued to fall on an absolute basis, and it was sort of right on our forecast. So COVID really wasn’t – while that pushed us based on our Investor Day discussion, there is really no major change in our view on that. Obviously, the elephant in the room is what happens going forward with the Delta strain, as Michael covered. That’s a much smaller component relative to sort of non-COVID utilization, whether it’s the outpatient utilization on the majority of our block or the inpatient utilization on sort of the 20% SCP membership.
Drew Asher: Sure. As I said at Investor Day, you might recall that with what we saw through April and May, we were able to reflect that in pricing. So literally, during those months, came in, made some adjustments to pricing, meaning pushed pricing to reflect what we thought would continue into 2022. Recall, we expect a lot of this to sort of settle out during 2021. It’s just during which month in 2021 is the question. With what we saw in June, we did have about half of our marketplace bids and pricing open for various reasons, and we could make judgments on what we wanted to change, if anything, and the other half, though are sort of submitted and baked.
Drew Asher: Yes. I mean, given the competitive nature of the marketplace and the fact that none of that’s public, I think we will keep our pricing decisions close to the best.
Michael Neidorff: And I might just add that – My focus upfront is we’re going through what could be another real surge in pandemic. And so to try and call it, recognizing that which way it could go will have an impact, and we will see how it plays out. But it’s something we have to be very cognizant of.
Michael Neidorff: I think Drew referred to before, where possible, we build it into pricing. But particularly in Medicaid, we have a younger population, and it’s mostly children. And to-date, they were not as affected, but the way to see with this new COVID as the Delta, but they have not been affected, so we don’t see a lot of pent-up demand there. Medicare, once again, they have been a little more sensitive to getting to their position because of age and other health factors. So we don’t see as much pent-up demand there as we have in the Marketplace, which had new members in it.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think as Drew said, we anticipate returning to a normalized rate structure. I just want to add, all this has an overlay of what happens with this new Delta, which is so much more contagious than with the unvaccinated population, particularly. So I mean that’s why we put the emphasis upfront. This could change how the whole dynamics of it, as we saw a year ago. So we’re going to continue to watch and monitor and manage through it as we have historically.
Michael Neidorff: I think there is – first, let me do with the redetermination. We just gave you some insight as to what some discussions are taking place. And I think the time to talk about the revenue and how it may or may not be impacted will be at the end of the year when we see where they are. And I’m just trying to give people an insight that these are things that it could be a tailwind, but we have to wait and see. On the risk adjusted, some of them are starting to drop off, and Drew can probably give you more detail on that.
Michael Neidorff: And I think I want to add one thing. I think you heard Drew talk about the cost for claim. Some of that pent-up demand is where individuals delayed services. And we see that in cancer treatments and diagnosis. So, there is a little higher acuity. But once again, these are transitory things and not something that we see as fundamental and something will continue. And that’s the COVID really spikes again and people end up not going to hospital and doctors as we historically saw. So, there are unknowns out there. Hence, some of the caution or more cautious approach we are taking until it becomes clearer.
Michael Neidorff: Now remember, let me back up, a lot of them are children who are not eligibly vaccinated. So, I mean the Medicaid is women and children. And so I need to clarify that.
Michael Neidorff: I think – I know I think the answer is it’s not clear, and that’s what we are trying to say. That’s – those are things we are going to continue to monitor. We can assure we can manage through COVID-type issues. And so we have that positive feeling of in terms of our ability to deal with it, but we wanted investors to understand that it is out there. It’s not business as usual as everybody had hoped. We wish everybody was vaccinated. And we now see that even those who were not as forceful and encouraging are now moving to it. And so I think what – always we want people to understand is COVID is not over. And I think for us, I think it’s just business as usual. I think that will be a mistake. Now, I am not saying it’s going to necessarily impacted the point that our guidance changes, but we just maintained it, as I said in my prepared remarks, while we monitor it, keep you informed, how it unfolds and the impact it has on not just us, but everybody. I mean, it’s just how we return to work. We see them reinstating masks things of that nature. So, it’s a variable.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I want to be careful now when we are talking about July, it’s still early. And while we have good data in that, we don’t get ahead of ourselves on that one. But as it relates to the Delta and your concern there, it’s real, but we don’t know to what extent people are going to use the – their good senses and do what they can to protect against it. And so we have to kind of – that’s why we are calling it out to say it’s a variable, and it’s a less predictable variable, particularly when you look at the intensity of it, and it’s so much stronger than the original. And the bad part is that we are trying to tell everybody who listen that if we don’t deal with this effectively and get vaccinated and the things that prevent it, the next one is even worse, our epidemiologists were telling us. So, this is something that continues to progress. And it’s not just the Centene population. It’s everyone in total. So, that’s why we are calling it out. We want to keep it in front of people, so that everybody is aware that we are dealing with it. We are doing the PSAs. We are doing everything we can to get people vaccinated, we – the phone calls, the robo calls and everything else. So, it’s not where you stand, but where you are moving in and we are working hard to be preemptive in it.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I am sorry. I was trying to – yes, you are right. That’s where we determine where we are with the COVID. It will just be an extension of it.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I will take that one. I think, one, I am not going into a great deal of detail on 2022 because that’s – we save that for December. I think what Drew tried to cover was that we did take into consideration to the extent we could, and as we always do and where positively, we took some steps. I will say the same thing that I said last year, and it proved to be an appropriate way to do it. And we are not going to do any races to the bottom because if you are losing on every member, you don’t make it up on volume. And so we are very sensitive to that particular approach. And we do believe that the risk adjusted, that’s what it’s there for. So, somebody rushes in and they get adversely selected against because of it, then that will provide protection for those that have the higher acuity patients. So, I think that’s about as much as we can say about it for now. But we are going to continue to stay the course, which we think we have demonstrated is the appropriate course.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. We continue to be very optimistic on it and expect a resolution in the very near future. They wanted some additional data, which we have had. Our consultants provide them, and they are analyzing that. And as we said, with the settlement and the no harm and all court cases, we moved everything. There is no reason for them not to reinstitute our bid. We did come in number two. And so I am very optimistic on it.
Michael Neidorff: I think that would be particularly adverse selection and for those that have the very low prices pushing to gain membership on pricing.
Michael Neidorff: I just want to thank you all, and we will continue to focus on our margin expansion and our capital allocations, as we have talked about, while managing through what could be a difficult pandemic, but I would think we have what it takes to get through it. So, we look forward to it, and we maintain an optimistic attitude. So, thank you very much.
