William N. Scheffel: I think our policy will be generally consistent with what I think you heard others say. We will need some sort of signed agreement with respect to the way the state is going to reimburse us for the fee. And we are working with each of the states right now with respect to that documentation. We're in early February, right now, it's a little hard to predict exactly what we're going to have in hand by the time we get up to March 31. At this point in time, it would be probably overly optimistic to think we would have it all done by March 31, but I think we are working with all of our states. And we don't really have a number right now as to the specific percentage we'll have at the end of the first quarter.
William N. Scheffel: I think, at this point, we're not ready to present a specific number or range, as what we'll have at the end of the first quarter. We still have almost 2 months to go to and complete these, and we'll give you an update.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think it's hard for us to speak about other companies' earnings calls and guidance, I mean, we do -- have looked of those things. I think, in general, the company's that have come before us have had a similar discussion with regard to confidence on the ACA insurer fee being reimbursed on a grossed-up basis, and that it'll take a little bit of time for that to happen and the right documentation has to occur. So I think, as near as we could tell, everybody's pretty much on the same page on that. And then with respect to exchanges, we've -- as we said in December, I think we have and we've lowered our membership number, and we have expected to have a breakeven to a small loss in that book of business. It doesn't mean we priced it that way. We've just put that into our guidance to reflect the potential for higher acuity levels than maybe originally anticipated.
William N. Scheffel: I think that what we're saying is that our calculations would assume that the risk quarter is in place for 2014, and the reinsurance aspect is in place for 2014. Risk adjustment, while it's in place, is not going to be reasonably estimable in 2014, it will be 2015 before we would have any estimate to whether that would have a significant impact to us.
William N. Scheffel: I think, at this point, we have some, but we really haven't gotten into the list at which where we are in each state, because we still have ongoing discussions with most states. And I think, at this point, we're just working with all of them. We have like 3 or 4 that we have already signed some agreements, but...
William N. Scheffel: So just a little bit more on USMM. We obviously are estimating savings in 2014 sufficient to cover the additional shares that we issued with respect to the acquisition and the debt cost. I think that there are -- we gave some accretion numbers early on, I think, when we announced the acquisition. And that was excluding transaction cost. So in our 2014 guidance, what we have absorbed in effect, which is we retained the original $3.50 to $3.80 per share, is that we have $0.06 of transaction costs, plus the accretion that we think we will get during the course of the year, which effectively absorbs all of the shares that we're issuing. So we did not adjust our guidance downward as a result of the net of those 2 things, rather we've absorbed that within our range, the $0.30 range in our EPS guidance.
William N. Scheffel: I think the biggest change from what we gave in December to today is that we have a lower membership number for the Health Insurance Marketplace. And overall, the Health Insurance Marketplace has a lower HBR than the average for the company. So by having less of that, we have a slight increase in our HBR from that mix change, let's say. So it's really nothing in terms of an acuity difference or anything that we're seeing. It's really the folding in of less membership from the Health Insurance Marketplace that causes it.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think that the thing that I would say on woodwork is, the states control the enrollment process and so each state has their own way to determine eligibility. And when they get assigned to Medicaid and how it works through an auto assignment process, so -- and that's something we don't necessarily have a lot of visibility in each state all the time in terms of what their backlog might be in that regard. So we may see increases over the course of the next 6 months, but at this point in time, through January and February, we've not seen any appreciable change that we would attribute to being so-called woodwork effect.
William N. Scheffel: I think that, that's generally, okay, consistent. I think our existing also is impacted by the acuity level. So for example, we're going to put on a lot of long-term care business in Florida, which has a higher HBR than our average, typically. So you end up, now, having that rolling into the new bucket. So that will continue to be in the mid- or upper-90s. And then on the existing -- Kansas we'll roll into existing starting January 1 of '14, so we'll have that impact in 2014.
William N. Scheffel: But overall, there's nothing in our pipeline that would say we would have a drastic change in our G&A cost or anything new that we'll be bringing on line would have that impact. It's all incremental and I think we will continue to enjoy the benefits of scale as we continue to grow.
William N. Scheffel: Dave, I think what I said was $0.57 for 2013 is where we ended up. And one of the reasons we ended up there is because we consciously pulled back on some of our costs for the Health Insurance Marketplace given the membership issues. We thought that marketing and other costs might roll out earlier, and it didn't. So we ended up a little lower than what we originally anticipated. And then, I think one of my last comments was that we estimate to be $0.50 to $0.55 for 2014, which includes $0.06 for the transaction cost for USMM. So I think, right now, we tend to be in the, let's say, $0.45 to $0.55 range the last several years in terms of business expansion cost, I expect that to continue over time. But as we grow, that probably gets to be less of the percentage of the total.
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I mean, that's a good question. Right now, we are expecting to treat the ACA insurer fee similar to the way we're treating premium taxes. In other words, we'll break that out as a separate component, either as part of premium taxes or separate but -- excluding it. We tend to talk about Premium and Service revenues as our revenue number, excluding premium taxes, we would expect to probably continue to do that and excluding the ACA insurer fee reimbursement from our revenues as our discussion of -- when we talk about our growth. Similarly, the actual expense, we would expect to be treated like premium taxes are in our G&A ratio -- in our G&A cost. And our G&A ratio does not include premium taxes. So therefore, when we fold in the ACA insurer fee in our updated guidance numbers, there's really -- we're not changing our premium service revenues because it's considered premium tax. We're not changing our G&A expenses ratio because we're considering that to be outside G&A expenses. We are changing our tax rate, that changed from roughly 40% to 50% because of the fact that the fee is nondeductible, and you have to factor that in. But those are the main impacts on the change in the guidance from adding in the fee.
William N. Scheffel: Yes. We're -- we did see -- as the market saw some pickup in the rate of enrollments towards the end of December, and we've continued to see steady rates of enrollment through January, we think that's going to continue. And potentially, again, have another surge period before the end of -- end of the open enrollment period. So we're -- so everything is fairly steadily proceeding since the end of December, and we'll see where we end in the open enrollment period. We do think that we should be able to get some additional enrollment outside of the open enrollment period, given the small number of people in the exchange and the number of people that are turning off of Medicaid and other insurance plans, looking for exchange eligibility throughout the rest of 2014 also.
William N. Scheffel: I think that -- as every year, there's going to be new drugs that come out. And so we have -- we knew this hep C drug was coming out, so we have adjusted our estimates accordingly, but we're not going to get into specifics of how much I think that we would have the cost in our health plans of members utilizing the drug, and we have the benefits from AcariaHealth, which is a supplier of the drugs also. So we have a little bit of offset.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think that there's a combination of things in the G&A. We were lower on our spending for the business expansion cost, which includes the rollout for the Health Insurance Marketplace. But we didn't have other activities that we were investing in during the quarter, which wouldn't qualify as "business expansion costs". And so some of that's -- so it's nothing in particular, but I would say our medical costs were in line as we talked about 30 basis points increase, I think, quarter-over-quarter. And so I think it's really just other G&A items and -- that we were spending money on.
William N. Scheffel: Well, again, the states control that process, and each state is a little different. And each state uses a different enrollment broker at times, and they can be in different stages of annual recertification, things like that, how long it takes to get reenrolled. And so there really isn't any general comments you can make other than it's a state-by-state case. And it's not unusual for us to see fluctuations in membership in any state as a result of eligibility changes or enrollment, broker activity, et cetera. And what we have seen so far, we would say is normal.
William N. Scheffel: Just a follow-up to the other question too, just in general. One of the things on the G&A front, we did increase in the fourth quarter some of our performance-based compensation amounts. And because that's based on earnings, as earnings did well in the fourth quarter and for all of 2013, there was an increase there, too.
William N. Scheffel: . I think it's difficult right now to peel out the impact of the ACA insurer fee on the first or second quarter depending on the level of progress that is made on the documentation side. I think that, excluding that, I would expect that our progression of earnings would be similar to some prior years. And that the little -- seasonally, you're lower in the first quarter, and third and fourth quarter picks up. So I think that's still the case. And then, I think you always have to look at with and without the ACA insurer fee for purposes in making those estimates now.
William N. Scheffel: I think that utilization numbers are still to be determined from all the weather, and the weather that gets -- some things may be deferred, but then picked up later so...
William N. Scheffel: A few states, particularly some that don't have any not-for-profits and managed care, are building into the rates, but that's probably the small minority. I think most of them are probably going to do it through a reconciliation and true-up process in the September time frame, for purposes of actually making the payment. Again, the documentation, we would try to get right now, which will allow us to accrue for that over the course of the year.
William N. Scheffel: Sure. The reclassification of Kentucky as discontinued results in the medical claims liability account to be adjusted to carve out the Kentucky piece, so we recalculate the DCP. And in the page in press release, I think we show 5 quarters worth of the DCP from continuing operations like every other -- almost every other number in there, and that's really the cause of the changes, just without Kentucky.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think that, in both cases, we received the rate amendments in the quarter. So certainly, for the -- that was anticipated for the whole year, and...
William N. Scheffel: Well, I don't think we quantify usually the amount of a rate increase for a particular state, so. It's included in the 2.7%, I think, which is the composite rate increase that Michael gave earlier for 2013.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's moving along very well, Josh. I mean, the documentation with states takes time. Because each one is a little bit different, their approach to it, so it's not like you have a boiler plate document you can give them and mark up.
Michael F. Neidorff: And the difficulty is we're working with every state, Josh. And when you get 2 or 3 of the big ones, and you're there. You get 6 of the 8 of the smaller ones, and you're still trying to get to that 50% number. So we see nothing that is a barrier or comments have been made that this will not be resolved to our satisfaction.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I can be firm enough to say that my involvement would be with CMS or other levels within the company. And the industry, I see nothing that says, "We're not going to see these rates grossed up." If I did, I would say so. But all conversations to date tend to show that the rates -- the federal law says they have to be actuarially sound. And the federal government, the states, all recognize that. But that's not been an issue in our discussion.
Michael F. Neidorff: I guess -- all right, they're at various stages, Sarah. We have 3 or 4 that are signed. We have some where the language, whether it be a contract amendment or a specific letter of understanding, have been discussed, negotiated and agreed to, waiting for signature and counter signatures. So it's moving from day-to-day, but it's all moving in the right direction. There is no one who has said, "You're wrong." They've all engaged with us on this discussion. Three, 4 -- in the tank, so to speak already, and others, moving along.
Michael F. Neidorff: And by the way, I might just add -- I might add, when you get 1 or 2 or 3 or 4 states recognizing it, that also is very supportive that the CMS and everybody else that's worked with those improving their rates for that, it's precedent setting.
Michael F. Neidorff: Sarah, let me help you. We had, this past Friday, all our CEOs in the plans met with USMM. I mean, it's not been quite a month that we've closed this. A lot of our preplanning has gone into it. Different states have different products. You're going to see different savings across duals, across long-term care, across SSI, across [indiscernible]. And to try and put a fixed number on it, we have -- we have our internal numbers that we're measuring and working against, that gave us the ability to give you some accretion. But to try and take that and apply it to some percentage of our 2.7 million growing membership, I think that would be -- if I did it, you should worry that I did it.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. I think some of you who have been out here and have seen our data center. It's been really -- the new one we built has been structured that it can triple our size by adding servers and it's -- I mean, it's very modularly, has not built on a lot of overhead. It was done in a way -- I think, those who saw it, made a lot of sense. So we anticipate that. There's always a little incremental addition of people when you add a new product, you add a long-term care to Florida or something. Your basic infrastructures, you have your presidents, your CEOs, your medical management people, because you're adding some nurses and case managers, our systems, our case managers and other things that we've added over the years, allow us to incrementally add people, really, are very supportive of taking on additional business and being able to leverage it through the system. So I think it's going to be a mix. Now are we going to an entirely new state, as we've shown you in the past, there's additional costs associated with that. But if there is an additional cost, it tends to be very transitory until we bring the plan up and get it running. Now the -- in the past, historically, costs have seem to go up from the G&A standpoint, new plans, where you are opening up a new state, new staff to be ready for a given date, and the state delays it.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. We still have an aggressive program looking at opportunities and -- within our guidelines on IRR and accretion, et cetera. And so when the right one is there, you'll hear about it. I can't talk about the specifics because it'll just make it very expensive.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I mean, we reported there's 22 cases so far since its come out. And I think trying to get anymore granular than that could be misleading.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. I was going to say there's nothing in -- to answer your question, there's nothing that's abnormal about it. It's a normal course of business. And we have 20 states and there'll be variations across them.
Michael F. Neidorff: Somebody misses their appointment on January 31, they may pick it up on February 5. But the point is, there'll be some swings but over the quarter, we see nothing really meaningful.
Michael F. Neidorff: You hit the issue. Some states, depending on the number of not-for-profits they have said, "Well, we'll wait to the end of the fiscal year, and we will just reimburse you. Gross up and reimburse you what is owed." And then once that's signed, Bill and Jeff and the team can start to accrue it as appropriate. That's the issue. There's no boiler plate. Each state is taking a little different approach in how they look at it and go about it. And some are grossing up the fees, some are building it into the fees. But I see nothing onetime. This is an ongoing issue that will have to -- because as the business grows, fee -- the fee will grow and it has to be compensated.
Michael F. Neidorff: Right. So we, obviously, we had some -- our intelligence tells us there's some new RFPs being contemplated by the states. We'll monitor those. When they come out, we'll make a determination as we always do, the size, the scale of the opportunity for it, and make that decision once we get the fact book and information. So it's kind of hard to sit here and get too specific, Steve.
Michael F. Neidorff: What the states are looking at is that they will -- in Texas, most of them say, "We're not going to give you a rate adjustment across-the-board that the not-for-profits benefit from." What we will do is we'll look at an actual reimbursement. I think, Rone said that a little bit earlier that they'll look and see what our costs were. And at the end of their fiscal year, they'll write the check and they'll work with CMS from their side on what federal reimbursement they get.
Michael F. Neidorff: I don't think -- I mean, over time, I don't think that's a criteria that they're looking at. They're looking at the overall capabilities of planning the outcomes and what we're delivering, I mean, savings. There are some -- there was one governor, I remember, who made a comment that, "These big not-for-profits are costing me money, and it's the for-profits that are saving me the money."
Michael F. Neidorff: No. I just -- we thank you for taking time for this call. We look forward to the first quarter results. Have a good day.
Joshua R. Raskin: Okay. That's fine. And then the second question, I think you made a comment that the Medicaid expansion was going to have a minimal impact. And I understand a majority of your states that you happen to be in are not expanding, at least not for '14. But...
Joshua R. Raskin: But we continue to hear about the sort of woodwork effect, and there are states that are talking about potentially even double-digit increases in Medicaid enrollment, even in states that are not expanding. So I'm just curious, have you gotten any January enrollment rolls and have you seen any pickup in some of your states? It's been a while since we've seen real organic Medicaid growth, so I'm just curious what you're seeing in your states.
Joshua R. Raskin: Okay. That's fine. And then just a last one, hep C cost, I'm just curious there's some nervousness around, specifically, the Medicaid population and treatments there. Have you guys started to see, I mean, was there any sort of backlog of patients or anything like that that's starting to come through in January? I know you guys have rate...
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes. We have yet to see any real visible significant signs of the woodwork effect in the states that we're operating in. Certainly, in some of the states where there's been large outreach associated with Medicare, Medicaid expansion, we're seeing some signs based on the state's statistics. But overall, it's not something that is emerging yet in terms of the enrollments we've seen early in 2014.
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes. We have priced the product and we do believe that it can generate 3% to 5% pretax margins over time. We have taken a cautious approach for planning and guidance for 2014. We've also assumed that we're not going to be able to accrue for any kind of risk adjustment in 2014, so that also has had an impact on our specific outlook for this year since we think that our risk adjustment accrual is probably going to require waiting for the data to come in and be able to be booked in 2015 for the 2014 experience here.
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes. I think, also, we've consistently said that we -- 2014 we viewed as our major goal to get a smart launch off into the exchanges and that we viewed this as a longer-term opportunity over a series of years. So I think that what we're seeing in 2014 to date doesn't impact our long-term view about the potential that this could be a meaningful opportunity for us. And we'll look at -- we are looking at additional geographic expansion, additional service areas in our existing states, and then additional -- new states. And I'm sure we will do some service area expansion, and the level will depend on how we assess our experience and our success in feeling like we can come out with a competitive product and network in those additional service areas.
Mary V. Mason: Josh, as I would with any new drugs, we're always focused on rigorous review of the request, making sure they meet FDA guidelines. I can tell you since the approval of Savaldi [ph], as well as the [indiscernible] in the beginning of December, we've had 22 approved requests. And we're focusing on those patients, getting them into case management and making sure they have compliance so they have the best outcome.
Mary V. Mason: I would say this is a normal -- what would you would normally expect in January, normal flu season, normal for RSD, really nothing unusual.
Mary V. Mason: It's a very good question. And right now, genotype 2 and 3, which is a much smaller percentage of the -- genotype 1 is the most common, which is about 80% of cases. Really, only for genotype 2 and 3 is there an all-oral interferon-free treatment. So that's really probably why you're seeing it.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes. Drew, so we have, obviously, state-specific discussions and kind of the broader discussions with CMS. And there continues to be some movement on the timelines, but we're working with each of the states on an individual basis to see how those things progress. There has been momentum, I would say, over the last quarter or so on moving those things forward. So as we get closer into some of the states, Illinois, as an example, we have a lot more visibility on how some of those things are progressing. Ohio, I think, would be kind of next in line, if you will. Some of the other states that are kind of further down the pipe, we've talked about South Carolina and Michigan via our investment in Fidelis. Those are just earlier stage right now, so there is little less visibility on where we'll end up from a timing standpoint.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes. So we've talked in kind of broad strokes over the last year or so at our various investor conferences around the split. And if you think about kind of the core Medicaid piece, it represents the, I would say, the majority of the opportunity of that pipeline so it'd be either existing Medicaid or products on the Medicaid side within our existing markets. So you think about ABD, long-term care expansion, things along those lines. And then, it's like the next biggest category would be on the dual-eligible opportunities, again, focused on our existing markets and then further expansion on the marketplace front.
Jesse N. Hunter: No. I think the $138 billion was the number that we used in our December conference, and that's something, obviously, we continue to monitor. And I think we'll have a revised view of that when we talk again in June.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes. So Scott, I think, probably, the best thing to say is that we're working very closely with the state to make sure that we do our best to keep things on track from a timing perspective.
