Michael Neidorff: Okay. I'll turn some of this over to Jesse in a moment. But obviously, with one month of operations November. In the second month, it's still under development. I would be -- it'd be difficult to trend that with any accuracy. It would be a guess, Matt, so we'll be careful of that. But Jesse can give you some sense of the membership and how we were managing that. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I will comment. As I said in my script, we see it lower. We see it returning to normal. I will ask Mary to comment in a minute. But -- so things like the flu season when you have very cold winters, we find the flu season is reduced. So there's still a risk that the flu could pick up in this first quarter because we have this unusually warm weather and circumstances that can contribute to that. But with that, I'll ask Mary to... 
Michael Neidorff: I think, Josh, the size of the market that came in would be -- having been an unmanaged market. We're trying to bring an abundance of conservatism to the couple of months as we will in Q1 of this year. We want to be very cautious and be conservative, and we're managing through it and believe we have a team in place that will help normalize the medical loss ratio over the next few quarters. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think -- as I think I've said in conferences and things, I anticipate it will be close to the 100% level in Kentucky. 
Michael Neidorff: And that could include some M&A activities we find something appropriate as well within those numbers. 
Michael Neidorff: Obviously, I mean, I think the insight we have into it says it's clearly -- there'll be sufficient membership for us to not just have a good anchor but continue to grow from. 
Michael Neidorff: I think when you look at our bond offering and things, we've structured the company to -- in a very, very responsible and emphasized way to provide for free cash flow. And I mean, that's part of anticipating in management business. 
Michael Neidorff: Okay, great. And I would say we're not disappointed. Let me very clear that the design and everything that we've done we believe is consistent with where we would want to be. 
Michael Neidorff: I think what's important and the reason I think it's more meaningful to look today and say that at the end of the year last year, we had reserved at a consistent way and maintained that consistency. So all during the year, if we try to talk about reserves this quarter versus earlier, there's still a lot of estimating in there. Today is at the end of the full 12 months gives you a good deal on a rolling 12 that says, yes, they've been consistent. They've been conservative. They've been relatively accurate. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, you're right. We only do it quarter-to-quarter. But I mean, at various conferences I've said that we -- year-over-year, flat would be good, recognizing the new business, recognizing the start up costs. And the other thing I want people to continue to think about is what I said earlier, just kind of a hen so to speak that while we're sitting here and it's -- in the second week of February, let's not presume that there won't be some pickup in the flu season. As we have tended to look over the years that it's really cold. You know how the environment where people are out and flu growth. So we're also anticipating somewhat that there could be a little pickup there as well in the last few weeks of February or early March. So that's about as much as I think we can safely say without getting into a specific Q1 guidance. 
Michael Neidorff: Well, we're going to be very conservative on that. Specifically, we need the new virgin areas. And we have to go out of there in that fashion. So it's not a small inconsequential add either as we look at. 
Michael Neidorff: I've got to let Jesse add to it. But I think, Scott, if you think about how short a period of time we've had those members, if you try and come into any rational conclusion, it would be difficult. 
Michael Neidorff: It's really hard to tell. It's mixed across the area. And you have to get into what are the specialties of a particular hospital or group of doctors you have or don't have. I think you really have to wait, look at the larger numbers. So we still have 140,000 lives in the second, third quarter, fourth quarter. Let's see what the benefit design we have who finds it of interest. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think when we have -- we built the capability to do it, I mean, what we're very sensitive to is the systems the predictive models, the real time because that's where we've been successful with the SSI and have been. So we have the capabilities to do it. And what you're going to do. We've historically always talked about what we've done rather than try and trade on futures. And so I think historically, we've seen we had the capability. We've commented that the ABD, the related-type products, the long-term care, all that, we've had significant growth in. In 2011, we have a demonstrated capability in it. And who we would work with or not work with on various products, let's wait and see. I mean, we don't say no until we have the information to evaluate it. So let's talk about what we've done. I'm not trying to be coy, but that's just always been our mentality. It's so easy to say, oh, let me do this in '13, '14. Well, let's talk about the growth we're seeing right now. 
Michael Neidorff: We have the capability to do it on our own. I mean, very strong capability. If there's some particular market we're working with others, I'm not going to say no. But we have to look at it market-by-market. But we're not dependent on somebody anymore than we are on the individual and the hybrid because we have that capability and sold it, which is why we did it to do individual plans, to do the copayments, to do the deductibles, all the system thing that we have learned a lot of this historically. You don't develop very quickly internally, which is why we did the acquisition. We need to see where things we're going. So we have the capabilities. But so we're not dependent and hoping to be able to cut a deal with somebody else. But if it made sense to do so in a particular market, we would. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I mean, Scott, what I want to clear is the thing you want to be very clear is where we would like to be on that membership at this point in time, in relation to the benefit design and that's what we put together, and I think it's going to give us some very significant learning over the next 3, 4 quarters, which will benefit greatly as we move forward in the new markets. 
Michael Neidorff: I think we had some insight as to where it was going in December when we -- that's why we constantly say it's in the guidance. 
Michael Neidorff: I think, Tom, we've said previously at various meetings that state revenues have been increasing, putting all the settings we've done out there. So I don't think there's any basis to say one state makes a trending with one swallow makes a spring. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Matt, it's Jesse Hunter. So Michael referenced the membership and the discipline that we had both in entering the market we've maintained and both with respect to benefit design network, et cetera. So we are anticipating a reduction in the membership volumes as we go into the Q1 in a more normalized level after membership choice, et cetera. I think with respect to the broad utilization, as Michael said, we're not in a position now to have enough data and development to answer that in a meaningful way just yet. But we are booking still at the higher levels, approaching 100%, that type of thing, Matt. So it could be very conservative. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. I think just generally, Tom, we're not -- we're in discussions with the state right now. So I think it's premature for us to provide a lot of comment. But I think it's unlikely that we would be in a situation where there's membership that would be insufficient for Centene. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I think as Michael said, it's not any one thing. But obviously, a number of members is one variable. The categories of members, I think, it's the types of products, if you will, it's particularly important. So you look at the market like Washington where you've got the TANF and CHIP populations. You've got the ABD, SSI population and you've got a hybrid population. I think, that adds additional scale and diversity opportunities that we would take into consideration. 
Jesse Hunter: Well, over the years, we have been able to take dividends out of certain operations that particularly are more mature. And we obviously have the need to add capital in new states or in expansion states like in Texas. So all of our dividends are subject to regulatory approval, and we go through those processes and we regularly attempt to make sure that we've got the capital efficiently deployed. And as we said when we've looked at the outlook for 2012 and the capital contributions that are needed to fund our new growth, we feel fairly confident between the case that we generate from our operations and the availability on our revolver that we're in -- we have plenty of the capacity at this point in time. 
Jesse Hunter: No, I think, I mean, the premiums were consistent with what we had bid originally. I mean, part of our entry into the market was to be, as Michael talked about, the total low-cost producer. And that we had certain assumptions that we made with respect to benefit design and network costs, unit costs, components, and taking all those things into consideration. And we maintained discipline with respect to that strategy. And so what we've seen is you've got -- in a lot of markets, Kentucky included, you've got a member choice period. So during that member choice period, we saw some shift of membership away from the Kentucky Spirit plan, which resulted in what Michael said this was 135,000 to 145,000 expected normalized membership level. 
Jesse Hunter: No, I mean, think that's right. We said our -- the product design and network composition and all those things in place is consistent with how we bid the contract. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I agree. I think it's -- obviously we're working through that process now as we go through our predictive modeling and risk core analysis, all those things. But ultimately, we won't have great visibility on that until we see the claims development over time. 
Jesse Hunter: I think the primary item there is our individual health business. We did have an uptick in the fourth quarter in our HBR in that line, and that's really the primary cause of that increase. 
Jesse Hunter: That's a smaller book of business for us. But it's generally a low higher utilization plus as you know, the deductibles are used up early in the year. So by the time it's at the end of the year, there's more heavier utilization as people try to get that in before the end of the year. 
Jesse Hunter: So we've got 2 components year for each. There are 3 phases of the implementation. This is a staged rollout. So Phase I for GSA was February 1, and we have corresponding rollouts in 2-month increments, so those will be upcoming. But in each of those individual sessions, there is a member choice period. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, obviously, when we put our initial estimates together that was based on an equal distribution of the membership across the competitors in the selected regions. And so that was where we had expected at that point in time. But what we've seen is some differences with respect to the things that Michael talked about, the benefit design, network comparison things, along those lines, which has resulted in the membership estimate that we're currently contemplating. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes, the only thing I would add is it's in our guidance. Our membership expectation for Kentucky is what's built into our guidance. 
Jesse Hunter: Yes. I think, Carl, it's just the revenue side. New information obviously as we're going through the first rollout. I think, it's not again perfect information with respect to member choice. We're doing -- we're conducting some of our work in terms of talking to our members about the ones that shows and why. So there are variables and differences between the programs, not the least of which is. We've got options between kind of a full managed care program and a managed care light program. There can be differences with respect to the provider community and their appetite for one program versus the other. But I would say when we look at where things are right now and where we are in line with our expectations from a membership perspective for the first rollout in Louisiana. 
William Scheffel: I think as it relates particularly just to the fourth quarter, we see almost the entire increase in the HBR attributable to Kentucky. So I'm not sure about your math, but that's what our math is. I think that other than Kentucky, we saw a fairly steady utilization in Q4 compared to the prior 3 quarters. Nothing really changed there dramatically. And so the delta in our mind has been in Kentucky. 
William Scheffel: We've been looking, as part of our 2012 guidance in planning, and we knew obviously with the expansions that were occurring in a lot of our markets plus some of the additional RFPs that are out there, we've taken a pretty good look at that. And based on our current assessment, we believe that we're well within our boundaries of our $350 million revolver, which was unused at 12/31 this year end. And we have the appropriate levels of capital that we need to fund the growth for the foreseeable future, particularly into 2012 and into 2013 with the opportunities that we're pursuing. So at this point in time, we think what we have will suffice. 
William Scheffel: I think if you look at our guidance number for HBR, it's 87% to 88%. That is reflective of new markets that we've entered, which where we have higher -- or unusually have higher rates. So that would include markets like Kentucky, Louisiana and the Texas expansion. So obviously, it's to count that increase between years as a combination of reserving a higher rate from some of these new markets plus unexpected uptick in utilization. We have not bifurcated that between those 2 pieces, but all of those factors are built in. 
William Scheffel: Again, we haven't really quantified that. It's built into our guidance number that we've given for the 2012 guidance of 87% to 88%. 
William Scheffel: Obviously, we would expect that if we have favorable trends in HBR that will manifest itself better in earnings and what you got included, but we'll wait till that occurs. 
William Scheffel: Sure. I think that the -- when you look at it year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, the weighting that's given to those individual components can totally -- the mix change can totally be different. So when you look in our detail, we've shown for the fourth quarter over the fourth quarter, we're down slightly in Medicaid, and we're down slightly in ABD. But overall, this had a trend up during the year because we gave the numbers through 3 quarters. We were doing -- there's more favorable operation. We've added significant ABD population in 2011 with Illinois, Mississippi and now Kentucky. And so all of those both being in initial period of operations and the experience resulted in the higher mix change. So from our standpoint, some of that stuff starts to even out over time. For example, Mississippi has now been in there for 12 months. Illinois has been in there for at least 6 months by the end of the year. So we expect that to be returning to, say, normalcy for 2012. But Kentucky in the fourth quarter, we certainly reserved at a higher level than the average of our book of business. And that rate is we expect to continue into the first quarter. So again, when we did the analysis or most of the rest of the book, our book of business evens out and continues at the lower levels that we've experienced during the first 3 quarters, but Kentucky is booking nearly 100% certainly adds in -- results in a 90-basis point increase. 
William Scheffel: I think what we're showing in the medical claims roll forward is, at this point, the reserves at December 31, 2010, how they developed over the 12-month period ended December 31, '11. For that, it was a $65 million favorable development. I think if we looked at the prior years, which would have been 12/31/'09 that we reported last year, it was about $68 million of favorable development. So we believe that year-over-year, our development has been relatively stable, and it is obviously never going to be perfect because we're estimating what the ultimate reserve amount will end up being. And we also collect in some recoveries from the coordination of benefits and other things like that to come in after the fact that we have to estimate. So we really don't think there's been much impact as a result of changes in the amount of prior period development. If you recall at the end of the third quarter, it was a little lower at the end of the third quarter than some normal years. But again, that would have been the reserve levels for 9/30/2010 that were being analyzed at that point in time. 
William Scheffel: The $0.10 to $0.12 we talked about is really just at the G&A line level, which includes the cost to build networks, hire the people prior to starting operations and train them. And so particularly with Louisiana live on February 1, Texas March 1, we've got a large amount of those expenditures that are coming in at Q1, which with the revenue starts February 1 and March 1. And then we are planning to start spend money in Washington also I would add. 
William Scheffel: Yes. I think it's important to understand that for Texas, there's a number of moving parts and additions that will occur. One is pharmacy, which is added in which is very substantial that is not as much subject to estimation because we know those real dollar costs on a real-time basis. We're carving in inpatient, which is again something that we use inventory method to estimate for purposes of reserving our reserving. And then you've got the new service areas. And the new service areas are the ones where we tend to be conservative in recording the higher reserve levels because we're still trying to make sure we've got a good handle on what the true run rate will be for the level of HBR. 
William Scheffel: I think when you think about our -- it's going to be interesting over the next 3, 4 quarters whatever, we look at our benefit design there versus the membership we retained, it will probably be some for us going forward in new markets. So there are some real benefits to this the way we've done this. 
William Scheffel: No. The internal side, I mean, it's internal the normal fluctuations from coming to common, but overall consistent utilization in HBR levels. 
William Scheffel: Well, we don't really get into the specifics. I mean, it was carved in October 1, so it was in for the full fourth quarter. And obviously, as a contributor both for revenue and earnings. And nothing there that was previously in. So it was carved out around and carved back in. And nothing that you want to comment on I think in terms of any lower level of specificity. 
William Scheffel: Again, I think that's our number for the year. And at this point in time, there's nothing really that's changed that we give a different number. I think what we've said is we expect the rates to be relatively flat. I think we said plus or minus 1% as you go through market-by-market. And then we do think it's incumbent upon us to do our medical management initiatives to attempt to reduce the level of increases as a result of the work that we do in the management activities. Particularly, we'll see that in the new markets that are going from unmanaged care to managed care. And we'll benefit from the results of our efforts. So at this point, I would say is the same as what we talked about in December. 
William Scheffel: I think with respect to unit cost and contracting cost, we're on schedule to do the things that we've thought we were going to do. I think with respect to medical management initiatives, that's always -- you have 11 months to go right now into the year. So it's hard to say we've had a percentage of success with respect to those efforts. But they all are ongoing, and we believe those are part of our regular programs. 
William Scheffel: I think that's more of a factor that we had for 2 4-day weekends around the end of the year, 1 over Christmas and 1 over New Year. So there was just less throughput at that point in time that we'd have at a normal quarter end. So I think the DCP was a little higher than we would have normally expected to be, say, at the end of Q1 or Q2 because of the holiday schedule. 
William Scheffel: Yes. I think as we said before, Scott, it's early, so we don't have perfect information to go through those things, but I think that's -- we would expect that to be a component of it, yes. 
William Scheffel: I'm not sure I follow your math, Carl. But in general, we were booking in the fourth quarter for the 2 months of operation. We booked that at a higher HBR in 98% to 100% range, let's say, not at 108% or 110% or whatever we were quoting. 
William Scheffel: We also get benefits from some of the other specialty services that we provide in Kentucky too. So there's some offsetting impacts there. So as the membership fell off into -- in the January, February, I don't think we expect to have much of an impact on earnings at the end of the day, certainly not with the level you expressed. 
William Scheffel: We're well aware of our strategies and what the impact might be on the option period that the members had and where that might go, and so it's been in our guidance all along. 
William Scheffel: That was the end of the -- that was December's guidance. December's membership was in our guidance number. 
William Scheffel: I don't know if I would call it a trend. There's really one state who's managing their own fiscal issues. And they've indicated that they're going to not make some things in Q1 but expect to fully catch up in Q2. Obviously, we'll have to see how that works out. But we've not seen anything from other states along those lines. 
Scott Fidel: I wanted to just follow up on Kentucky. And I was wondering if you were able to do any analysis on the 40,000 or so levers, as compared to the 140,000 stayers in terms of their demographic or acuity profile. Just wondering whether you think that you lost some of the higher utilizer or potentially more favorable members relative to the ones you're staying. 
Scott Fidel: I guess one way to other put it is if there was any kind of geographic dynamics or urban versus rural with which membership left, and how do you think about that, or is it just simply too hard to tell. 
Scott Fidel: Okay. And then just one last question just going back to the duals opportunity. And do some of the health plans out there, including one of the larger Medicare MCOs that was discussing their thoughts on the duals yesterday, and we're talking about interest in potentially partnering with Medicaid MCOs if they don't have the TANF platforms in particular states. And just interested in your view on whether you would find it interesting to partner with Medicare MCOs and approach this jointly or whether you think the opportunity is better just doing this on your own. 
Carl McDonald: Right. But including the SG&A component, your combined ratio would have been 108% or 110%, so if you... 
Carl McDonald: Yes, all right. I guess, I'm just a little confused because I'm not sure you would have known about the lower membership back in mid-December when you originally gave the guidance. 
Carl McDonald: Okay. And a separate question, if you could just talk about the environment in Louisiana, particularly around the member selection. It seems like the 2 non-risk plans have been picking up a disproportionate amount of the membership that's actually chosen the plan. I'm just wondering if you have a sense of why that's happening. 
