Barry Smith: Great. Dave, let me try to take all your question. First, relative to the commercial accounts, I would emphasize these are isolated incidents and really there's two accounts. The first account, the long-term customer where a portion of their program they experienced higher than usual turnover in membership and the members – net-net the members came on had higher cost in utilization. The second customer is actually a new customer this year. And the use of certain services, again isolated portions of the account were higher then the underwriting data had indicated, the data that we had used in underwriting. So given again the uniqueness of these situations and the fact that there were significant changes versus what would have been expected coming into the year, we are working with both customers to obtain appropriate rate adjustments and are also in the process of developing and implementing care management actions. Now, every situation is different, so it's a little bit hard to generalize, but I would say in general where there are changes in a calendar year, where there are significant population changes or new programs being introduced, second quarter does tend to be a time when you get a good run rate for the year. First quarter you get some indication. We did have some indication that there were some volatility in these customers, but first quarter is tough because you don't have complete claims at that point, so second quarter you have a much more complete run rate and we feel comfortable that we've got a good bead on it. And net-net, we still have some execution to do, but I'm confident based on where we are that we will make the improvements we need over the second half of the year. And most importantly, I don't believe either of these issues will persist beyond 2017, so in 2018 we should have things that are fully corrected. Hopefully that answers your questions Dave.
Barry Smith: And Dave it’s Barry here as well, we don't anticipate these issues following in 2018 either. So these are shorter term client issues, we think we can resolve.
Barry Smith: Okay, a couple different questions in there. So Virginia, in this quarter was sort of in the $5 million to $6 million of readiness expenses and there was a little bit in first quarter, just to give us a sense for what's flowed through year-to-date. In terms of in terms of the third quarter, so we talked about in the script, the full-year versus the first half of the year and the items that are driving that obviously the improvement in Part D since we’ve loss $9 million to-date as well as we talked with the commercial healthcare accounts and the actions we've got other rate increases business growth in the timing of customer settlements. Now, I’d say if you think about those items, the timing of customer settlements tends to be heavier in the fourth quarter, but the other items you know should be – the improvement we should start to see – we should see significant results in the third quarter. So I would expect fourth quarter will be a little bit higher than the third if you think about getting to the lower end of the guidance, but the third quarter should be of material step up from where we are for the first six months on a prorated basis.
Barry Smith: Yes, well, I think this is future plan issues they play out. One is from a pattern standpoint we still expect, second half the year to be better than the first half because of the benefits seasonality quarter-to-quarter things can bounce around a little bit last year you're right fourth quarter was a little bit higher. But we look at that really more an aberration been anything else. So I would just look at it as again second half for the year, we expect to be roughly breakeven given we're $9 million loss already in the year based on our actuarial projections and what both are internal projections and from our outside actuaries. So that's in terms of what's different as we go forward though again it really is going to be in 2018 the impact of restricting the formulary that we think will have a bigger impact as we go forward. Now we did a little bit of that last year's you might recall and that’s improved the margin to sort of cut the losses on a percentage of revenue basis and half this year. But in order for us to fully get to a profitable run rate we believe again we've got that formulary to be competitive with the market. As well as on a targeted basis getting rates aligned at a place where we can be profitable.
Barry Smith: Yes, I wouldn't - nothing that would jump out I think as people are there's a lot of change in the market in the last month of the year sometimes people might utilize services because they're not sure what's going to be covered or in some cases we made formulary changes they might be getting drug. But and there was growth through the year as well last year membership growth. So you had some people that were coming on that hadn't used their benefits yet so the pattern was a little bit different in the fourth quarter. But I wouldn't look at it is material. I mean you are going to see some volatility from quarter-to-quarter in the program.
Barry Smith: Think we're roughly a little bit over 100,000 in the second quarter and we were in the low-60s at year-end just giving you some sense for the growth this year.
Barry Smith: You bet. The clients today – our customers today are looking for new solutions because they felt the financial pressure largely from the exchange challenges they have had last year and this year. They've also been much more open to new products and new services just trying to find ways to be more efficient about delivering those services and optimize the quality. So we see an increase in behavioral health, but importantly the clients are today very dissimilar to two or three years ago are looking for more of an integrated approach. So while though by BH or have historically been a BH client that looking for add-on services.  These are clients where we have great relationships. They've been appreciated with the level of service and the outcomes they've had with us, and so now they're willing to consider other options such as MSK, enhanced RBM converting from fee-for-service to risk product with RBM. So we have a host of these new add-on services that are very successful for us. For example, I've not seen over the last two years, it's gone from basically a product introduction to 7 million covered lives for us. So these are real opportunities we see to develop add-on products and services. Again, the difference is historically used to be a kind of one dimensional by BH, but today we're seeing more of that. We're also seeing clients’ add-on services. We have many of our clients that are utilizing not just one service, but two, three, four, and five of our services and more. The other thing is a little bit different is that we've had add-on clients that have crossed over from medical services to pharmaceutical services. And this is particularly true with the medical specialty area where they see a real challenge with controlling their specialty drug costs being the largest single component of their increase. And so they have a good experience with us on the RBM side, MSK or BH side. There is more life to look at us also and engage on the Rx side in medical specialty particularly.
Barry Smith: The only thing I’d say to [indiscernible] Michael, I would just reflecting upon two, three, four years ago versus today. We’ve spent a lot of resources both financially as well as our personnel in modernizing our product, and that’s true, the BH is also true of RBM and Musculoskeletal is the good example of that. So we're able to bring new services and very innovative services to the marketplace that really didn't exist before Cobalt for example, computerized cognitive behavioral therapy. Again, a new product introduction and nothing else like in the industry. We see out in the commercial space, particularly we have a great success, a great pipeline that we've got more than a $20 billion pipeline on the public sector side with the integrated approach there. But on the commercial side, we are being very successful at the close rate much more settled in three or four years ago. I think it has to do with the need of the client; it has to do with the level of new product introduction and innovation, and also the competitive landscape. We've been very successful out there being more to get innovative and be perceived as being the player that can really be more efficient at delivery care and at a time where our clients really have a dramatic need.
Barry Smith: But it also had – that the language out of that in the ITN is in fact virtually identical to the last go around. So it doesn't enable specialty plans. It doesn't specifically speak to all of the different types of specialty plans, but it is identical. So again it was – as we expected and we believe we're positioned well as we go forward.
Barry Smith: Great. Well, we appreciate you joining us here for our second quarter earnings call and look forward to being with you again at our next quarter call. Thanks very much. Good day.
Jon Rubin: Yes. The short answer is – and the second part of your question is yes, that's part of it. There's always an unfavorable development as well as in utilization within the quarter a lot of puts and takes. There's always going to be accounts that are positive and negative, so it's a little bit hard to isolate what part of the $3 million. But yes, that was definitely a part of it. In terms of impact in the quarter, again that's also a little hard to quantify because it depends on what your starting point is, but I would say that relative to where we were coming into the quarter. So if you look at things at the end of first quarter and even as we project for the full-year, I would say things got worse in sort of $5 million to $10 million range on those customers. But again, it depends on what your starting point is when you're measuring it.
Jon Rubin: Yes, again we do expect that we will see material improvement in these customers over the balance of the year. So we think without splitting hairs in terms of getting back to what the alternate run rate will be we think we will largely solve the problem over the second half of the year, based on where we are today and we've made good progress.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I would say a couple of things Dave, and again this is similar instances where we talked earlier in the commercial side. Again second quarter is when we get really a good bead on Part D as well for the year. As you probably know from having watched us, we did see a pretty substantial increase in membership this year, and really looking at, if you looked at it over the past couple months, one, we do have a larger formulary then average in the market. We're probably more consistent with some of the richer enhanced plans out there. And as a result we believe that that has led to some adverse selection with higher utilizers as part of that significant membership growth we're seeing. Now again you do get higher rebates in some cases for those drugs, but we're not able to kind of completely offset that higher utilization. Year-over-year though, although the loss is similar to $10 million loss, we do have – we are projecting roughly double the revenue this year. So we have made some improvement in the margins year-over-year, but obviously not getting all the way to where it’s fully corrected. Now the good news is for 2018, we were able to reflect the emerging experience into our bid. We made much more significant changes in the formulary. To the point now where, we believe we're going to be fully competitive with the market and also have relatively material member premium increases built in, especially in some of the geographies where they've been less profitable. So net-net again, 2018 is the first year we really take in aggressive action to get that formulary in line with the competition and again fully reflect the current run rate. And well as noted in the – noted earlier, we do think we'll see some membership in revenue losses in 2018 as a result of that. We are confident and I'm confident that we'll see much stronger financial results.
Jon Rubin: Michael, we had a very robust pipeline and we still have a robust pipeline. I think sometimes the customers might be able bit slower to decide and there might have been some customers who were in this particular case this year who actually agreed to go with us which were thrilled about but that decision came a little later or their limitations were later. So we're not just lead to big center to go with us. But the implementations are having in a couple of cases it will be in 2018 versus 2017. It bodes well for 2018 but that's typically to case it's not that the pipeline is any smaller or a success rate is any less in fact it's quite the opposite we've been very successful at the marketplace and what anticipate future success as well.
Jon Rubin: The other thing just quickly I'd add to Barry’s comments which are right on is that, few things that we're seeing that have clearly picked up over the last year or so Michael are one; behavioral health where that had been slow for a number of years, I think because of some of the complex populations that health insurers are taking on vis-à-vis the exchanges, Medicaid expansion. There's more demand for our services in behavioral health that we've seen in some time. In some of that, I think the capabilities and the talent that we've built up internally. Second thing is in it probably for similar reasons as we are seeing more interest in risk coverage which has been in our sweet spot historically, where both from new customers, but also ASO customers that we're able to convert to rest. So those areas have picked up which obviously is a good thing for us.
Jon Rubin: Well, let me just address a few of your questions Ana, a good question. Let me just address Florida. Florida has come out with the ITN, they put us basically this site in and tend to negotiate with 11 players, across all regions of Florida. We feel that we're very well positioned in Florida. We have a good relationship with them and we've shown and demonstrated significant quality improvements within the population, so all good things. With ITN, they've asked to go back with innovative solutions, not only limiting, but it's actually quite expansive in terms of the kinds of things that they'd like to see as proposed and others proposed that would really increase the efficiency, the quality and the cost elements for the plant in Florida. So it really isn't less limiting. It's actually more expensive than it was before, but not too similar to what they did in 2014. So we're feeling it's a great opportunity for us to not only maintain a client relationship, but potentially expand based on that relationship.
Jon Rubin: No, I think that that's fair and I think we've talked about before that we're at this year as a result of the run rate coming into the year as well as the success we've had in care management initiatives running strongly in Florida this year. We think something in the mid single-digit range is more reasonable if you think about things going forward where we're running higher right now. So I think it's reasonable if you think it's something in the kind of mid to higher 80s on loss ratio as we go forward as kind of the normal run rate, and that’s consistent with how we've talked about not just Florida, but the government segment in the past. In terms of some of your other questions, again we don't think that the commercial cost of care issues will be issues in 2018. We're confident that we'll be correcting them in the second half of the year. Part D, as we talked about, we believe we'll see improvement as we go through next year. Same thing in Virginia where we’re making investments to get it off the ground this year, but believe we can get that to breakeven or better next year and of course we talked about Senior Whole Health and the accretion, roughly a dollar in adjusted EPS going forward. So I think you're thinking about many of the right things. And we're certainly with new business growth as we go forward as Barry alluded to 2018 is off to a great start and we see a lot of upside there.
