Barry Smith: Well, David, there are -- thanks for the good question, David, and for joining us today. There are several initiatives we've got underway. We have some business, for example, in the State of Florida today, where we have roughly 40% of the covered lives we had from this year and the prior years. So some of the severance is related to contracts that have terminated that we're transitioning.  The other thing that we're looking at very closely are both spans and layers within the company, meaning that we have, we want to be, make sure that we're designing our processes to be far more efficient, and so over the next little while, we'll be looking at the opportunities to create a more efficient organization. So we'll get back to you with more detailed information on our update for the guidance call for 2019 on December 7.
Barry Smith: And let me just add on to Jon's comment, and we'll use Virginia as an example. But with MCC, we've actually invested more resources both for MCC enterprise across the board, as well as locally to make sure that we're on top of appropriate medical cost management. We want to do the right thing by our members. We've just recently hired a new MCC CMO, for example; very experienced Medicaid medical loss ratio management. And we've hired a new analytics lead for MCC. So we've been investing pretty heavily within MCC to manage the very issue that you've brought up.
Barry Smith: We absolutely do believe that we need to digest what we've already consumed and be very thoughtful about what we bring on to the chassis. We think there are great opportunities coming out, but we've actually already started to moderate our view and been highly selective of those RFPs that we respond to. There are opportunities though in the future that we continue to develop. So I wouldn't say that we're going to stop drilling, we certainly won't, but we will be very, very selective in terms of the RFPs, the state, the programs that we do pursue.
Barry Smith: Yes. Thanks for the good question, Michael. We look at really 3 areas of opportunity within Pharmacy. One is clearly the pharmacy network. We've already made some strides and locked in some savings for 2018 -- later 2018 going into 2019. We still are continuing to negotiate, as we've built massive volume, as we add new employer business to our book of business, and we've had and will have significant growth in that space as well. So it's an ongoing process. So I wouldn't say that we've been delayed. It's actually we're having more and more success as we grow mass and scale. So again, we're working on those things, we're working with the national providers, and those -- that dialog is ongoing. And we hope to have those things included in the relatively near future. We also focused on formulary management. These are the high-cost specialty drugs, of course. We have some real opportunities to impact even more some of these large target drug classes that represent large cost for our customers. And so we continue to expand our focus on opportunities within the formulary management business. And then also with the drug acquisition cost, we're looking for opportunities to reduce the drug costs for mail order, both specialty and non-specialty. So these are 3 areas that we are working simultaneously. And I would say that the pharmacy network piece of it, particularly, we do have a few larger network opportunities that we hope to close in the near future.
Barry Smith: Well, we appreciate you joining us today on our earnings call, and we'll be back to you on December 7 with our guidance for 2019. Thank you for joining us.
Jon Rubin: Yes. And couple of other things I'd just mention, David, one being that, on top of that, again, given what Barry said about us being new to the market, we also are, in a sense, having the rates settle as well through the risk adjustment process. So this year, based on the preliminary risk scores that we've received, we think we will see some incremental pressure which is built into the guidance this year. So we had talked about coming into this quarter in a couple of different phases, we were, we had startup losses in Virginia order of magnitude in the $35 million range. The risk scores put an additional $10 million of pressure on top of that this year. That is short-term, and that we've received 2019 draft rates, and actually those are more in line when you take into account both the base rates and the risk scores to what we expected. So we expect the pressure on that side to be short-term.  As we think about 2019, again, we're not in the point where we're going to give guidance, but to at least directionally answer your question. We think we still could see some losses in Virginia. Again as Barry said, we have a whole new population coming on with the expansion population, but do think that, and do expect an, as we think about our business plan for next year, significant improvement.  Long-term though, we see every opportunity for this contract to be running at normal Medicaid margins. If you think to the earnings power over time, and I would look at that as probably a two-year period, it's pretty significant. So we're still very bullish long term on the contract. Operationally, things have gone well. The relationship with the state is very strong. And we're in a, in the mode now of executing on a number of initiatives to get there over the multi-year period.
Jon Rubin: The other thing, just to add quickly to that, David, is that, in addition to what Barry said, we'll look selectively at new markets to expand into, maybe it's one a year that we'll be focused on versus trying to do more than that. There is significant growth opportunity within our existing markets. And part of what we need to do, when you think about Florida, Arizona and even our other MCC markets, is not just to make sure we're stabilizing and operating at high levels, but also looking at expansion opportunities and getting to scale in each of those markets.  So part of the strategy that Barry was describing is really wanting to solidify and grow in our existing markets while we're selectively looking at other markets, but definitely on a more measured pace.
Jon Rubin: Yes, and just one quick detailed point on that. Mike, in terms of some of the comments in the script around the timing of these actions, there were some specific actions that Barry had referenced that, from a timing standpoint, we had expected to be implemented for third quarter that has slipped a little bit to later in the year. So it's very temporary, it has impact on both third quarter and the guidance for the full year. But long term, we expect to achieve the same benefits that are actually well on our way to getting there.
Jon Rubin: Yes. So in the specialty pharmacy carve-out business, if you looked at actuals for 2017, we were running roughly in the $90 million range. If you look at the results through 3 quarters, and again, all the information will be in the Q, we'd expect that. And this is -- these are revenue numbers to be run rating at around the mid-70s this year. And given some of the terminations we've had, we expect it to be a little bit lower in 2019. But one thing I would underscore is, although there's a lot of opportunities in PBM, there are still opportunities in the specialty carve-out space as well. Again, we've gone through some temporary challenges as a result of some of the short term aggressive pricing we've seen in this segment. But we still continue to see opportunities, have them in the pipeline and actually are still selling business. So I wouldn't look at that as just a legacy business, but one that we will continue to pursue.
