Michael Neidorff: Yes, I'll start off. We -- I think the growth is very balanced across our various markets. There's no one market contributing. We've been expanding into new markets very successfully. And as we have -- as we said, when we went into the WellCare deal, we felt that they had some competencies in this area that we could build on. We also have a national presence as a total Centene Corporation. And so we've just been building out it organically basically. It is -- there's some -- obviously, you take some from competition and just -- some of it is just from the fee-for-service. But it's very balanced across all the potential elements we grow. There's no one contributing more than another.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think -- well, first of all, I'm going put a number on the growth until June. But I like significant growth. I think people know it. So we -- we'll be working against that. Relative to the stars, we were within a few basis points last year, being at 4 stars and we have very aggressive programs. And as you know, it takes time to achieve that. They look -- it's a one or two-year look back. So on the stars front, we can -- we believe, we'll continue to make progress on it. And we tell the Medicare people, it's not just 4 Stars, but 4.5 and beyond. So we're reaching for the stars, so to speak. And so, it's very balanced in that way, Josh.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. And Kevin, I'll start. I -- we'll give you more guidance in June at our Investor Day, which is our practice, particularly on the top line. These are unusual years. We think that the redetermination will continue throughout the balance of the year, but we'll report a quarter -- 90 days at a time, as the federal government does it. And that's in the interest of being reasonably conservative. So we're being cautious there. Marketplace, where we've demonstrated this past quarter, with the growth that we've had, that we are the leader in the field and are in a very strong position to continue that growth. And we're going to continue it through the balance of this year, as we see it. And we see some upside there. I think what's also important, as it relates to the redetermination. If they do drop off the redetermination, people who maybe lose Medicaid coverage could pick up the marketplace, because once again the cost structure is such with the tax allowances that they can do that without any cause. And so, I think, we're going to see -- I'm now hearing a bird somewhere in the background. I'm hearing.
Michael Neidorff: So, I think, we will see growth continue. But as we said, governmental policies do have something to play, and it is a fluid situation, and we work very well both sides, as we've talked about in the past. We're working with them now in various policies and approaches. And as that unfolds, I think, between now and June, I hope to have more insight than we do as to what it will mean for the balance of this year and going into 2022. The essence is positive.
Michael Neidorff: Pardon me. Just in terms of -- the states have just been not talking about adding to them what we have talked about -- the attitude is things seem to be stabilizing. And so I'm trying to give you a sense of where we are today and what we're seeing. And I'm not saying, which specific ones because it's who we are. We only had one adjustment this past quarter, which is a very positive sign. So once again, I'm trying to give you just some insight as we see it together.
Michael Neidorff: What that really means is, we recouped what we -- we have recouped to date plus from what we lost in the last quarter of last year, and we see it continuing to grow significantly. Yes.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we have not gotten specific by product line. I want to assure you, Matt, that everything we do, it will be driven by profit and with a view to expanding margins. And I think we have a clear-cut approach to it.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think -- sort of, I think it's important to say, we're going to have a better view of that come the June Investor Day. I mean, that's typically what we talk about it. I did comment, though, that our position in the marketplace, that if there is redetermination, if people lose Medicaid coverage, we believe that we will be in a position to where they will flip into our marketplace because it's the same network and things of that nature, that would be a good incentive and their costs are subsidized. So I think that it's a matter of where that membership goes.
Michael Neidorff: I appreciate the question. I think we will get into more detail on 2022 growth, give you some sense of where it's coming from in June, which is our practice. We still see ourselves very much as a growth company. We see balanced growth and plus all the product lines, we demonstrated growth in Medicare. We've talked about that being a growth engine for us. We think marketplace will continue to be a growth engine, as well as Medicaid. We have a government in place now that believes that people should be insured. And so, we will work. Now, if we come up with the numbers for you that are reasonable, we will give you in June. But we see us growing across all our products and growing responsibly with expanding margins and containing costs and improving quality. So it's a balance that we're trying to strike and we have a couple of new products that we're working on, that I'm not going to talk about for confidentiality reasons.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think it's going to see that those things put in place for long-term growth, and now we have some technology you're going to hear about at the June Investor Day that will drive growth and will drive demand for our products because of what it can do for the quality and as systems utilizing talk about the provider and recipients to light.
Michael Neidorff: No, I think what this is with the systems it's going to drive improvement in quality and reduce costs. So you have higher performance, quality standpoint, improved quality, but it's going to significantly reduce our costs.
Michael Neidorff: So I think we will focus on ourselves and how we do things. As we said at the time, we're not going to join that race to the bottom, and we know that's not something we're going to do and it couldn't be sustained in my opinion. So what we've done is we maintain our network. We have the subsidies that are necessary. They have really taken price off the table in my opinion, where people will look at the quality of the service that Brent talked about, and that's what we're seeing the growth in return of membership to us, as well as the incremental new membership. And so, I think what we really focus on is how to continue to grow it, and I know your long time as online in consumer packaged goods. When you trying to go in against some ways, that's a clear leader in the marketplace, which we were earlier in a category, the only way you can hope to try and come in is on price. And so, I think we had a strategic positioning that the people everything membership land price in a COVID environment as we come out of it. As I think we've demonstrated in the first quarter of this year, we've recouped all we lost and then some, and we'll be giving you guidance in June, and it shows continued growth.
Michael Neidorff: I want to add one thing about the vaccine. Well, our focus has really been with the goal jackets from the Hall of Fame and others is to help people that in our population that may be hesitant, for various historic reasons, to not take the vaccine, to say it's okay and having people that are well-respected in sports and other areas. We had Bob Costas way back doing a Public Service announcer wearing a mask. So it's a matter of getting people that are respected, encouraging, and providing an incentive. And what we're trying to really focus on is they're not doing this for themselves, but they're doing it for their loved ones. They're doing it for their parents, children, spouses, other members of the family. And what's really important is just encouraging. So that's why we spent a lot of time, energy and work with government officials to try and demonstrate that we're being responsible in that area.
Michael Neidorff: We thank you and we look forward to Investor Day in the second quarter as I said earlier. I believe we have the momentum to continue the positive impact we'll have in the marketplace. So stay safe everybody. Thank you.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, sure, Justin. As we look at development, we obviously track this from quarter-to-quarter. We're looking for consistency, in our view it's very consistent with what we've seen in the past. Now you have to, obviously, account for the acquisition of WellCare, but roughly around that 1% range of prior year medical cost. So I would say nothing unusual on the development front from our perspective, which is, I think we've had a consistent practice over a long number of years. On the marketplace business, on the cost side, what we did see was just a little bit higher inpatient authorizations on COVID, specifically in January. And then a little higher non-inpatient, really just compared to our expectations. So it doesn't really change the margin profile for the year. I would just say a tad higher than versus what we had modeled in Q1.
Jeff Schwaneke: That's right. The other thing we're tracking is the acuity of our membership. So -- and obviously, the SEP members as well. So that's all going to factor into the risk adjustment calculation. And that's relative to your competition, and the data on that doesn't come out until really the end of Q2, so more to come on that.
Jeff Schwaneke: I'll give you a little flavor on the membership. I think we expect our membership to peak roughly 2.2 members -- 2.2 million members since the pandemic began roughly in July. And if it got extended, we think that go up to 2.4 million [ph]; so we'd top out at 2.4 million [ph] before the end of the year.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Matt, this is Jeff. A couple of things. Obviously, as Michael mentioned, it's a unique year. Well, we had the Medicare fee schedule cut. So that's not helping. And then obviously, we have a lot of room for margin expansion in the future years based on stars performance. So, I think as you look at this year in isolation, I would say, margin expansion opportunities going forward, primarily from eliminating the cut and then obviously, performing better on stars, which is one of the important tasks that we're focused on.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Scott. This is Jeff. I mean I think it's just too early to tell. We don't necessarily -- when these things aren't finalized, they have a tendency to move late in the game, as we've seen in the past. And so I guess from my perspective, I would say it's just too early to tell where it's going to land. But we're comfortable, obviously, with what we have in the numbers for this year.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, two things. What I would say is, we know the acuity of the members we have, right. And we have projected that in our guidance, and if you go to our prepared remarks, what we've said is we expect utilization to stay below the historical baseline for the first half trending towards normal by the end of the year. So I hope that helps. And yes, there is a difference in behavior between, I would say, Medicaid marketplace and Medicare, the demographics of those members are extremely different from an age perspective. So there are different utilization patterns. But we obviously incorporate that into our guidance.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes, I think in a 60% percent front half would be where I would direct you to, and again, if you just think about the utilization kind of assumptions that we have, that gives you the reason why there is more earnings in the front half of the year.
Jeff Schwaneke: I'd say it's early, we haven't seen -- I'm not aware if we've seen anything at this point in time, and that's something that we'll obviously be continuing to watch.
