Jesse Hunter: It's obviously a fluid process in Florida right now. So what we say, at this point, could change very quickly. But there has been a lot of momentum in this legislative session from both the House and Senate to expand Medicaid Managed Care, different ways to get there. But both proposals would represent meaningful expansion of the Medicaid Managed Care model, both geographically and so transitioning fee-for-service into managed care and the potential to add some other products. So obviously, that's something that we're following very closely and something that we're supportive of, and we will see where it ends up.
Jesse Hunter: One, we saw very light, as you know, from our data we showed you, our dashboard and assistance that things were confident with the numbers. And of course, we used the same methodology quarter-after-quarter for booking our reserves and we're comfortable that we adequately reserve for flu or any other medical expense.
Jesse Hunter: We've been talking about our Investor Day the last couple of years, so I think it's consistent with our expectation.
Jesse Hunter: We've got those things that we track generally, Scott. So I mean we can provide an update on some of those things at the Investor Day.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Brian, this is Jesse. I'll take that one. So we have seen, obviously, a lot of activity, particularly in the commercial market with respect to the Department of Insurance and rate setting there. That has not impacted us. So we were one of, I guess, the relatively few people who did not get any pushback from the -- so we have approved rates and everything looks fine for us from that prospective. It's a little early to tell I would say in terms of the membership impact from that. Where you would see the preponderance of that would be in the Commonwealth Choice program, which is new for us. We are enrolling members into that, but it's early stage. So we are seeing the impact just generally of being the low-cost health plan in Massachusetts.
Jesse Hunter: It's already -- So Brian, we do not have high expectations for the Commonwealth Choice program in the near term. So as we said before, we don't expect that to be material. So as we get -- and we just started enrolling people at the end of the first quarter. So it is early for us to give something specific about the impact of that.
Jesse Hunter: I think we expect there is going to be a consistent flow of activity between now and 2014. So every market has its own dynamics. I think -- so take Florida, for example, there is uncertainty as it relates to what will happen in this session, but I don't think that there is long-term uncertainty that something will happen, so positive. So I think there will be activities. I think it's all still, as Michael indicated in his opening comments, I think it's still early with respect to the details of healthcare reform. But I would expect states who are not doing anything today to move in a Medicaid Managed Care direction between now and 2014.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, there's not a lot that we can say. That's in active procurement as we speak. So not a lot we can do to comment about kind of where things stand on that, but they have been funded.
Jesse Hunter: I think what we have said previously, so outside the procurement stuff, we had said previously that there was some level -- we were expecting to retain some level of the contract.
Jesse Hunter: Josh, on some of these things -- the people that will be helping to write these regs. There's not a lot of track record. It's high end. And yes, we will put forward our cases what we think should be done, I expect there'll be some consistency on how they want it done. And they're working to it, finally get passed. We have people in place that can make our position well known. And I think we'll come out of it just fine. It's hard to give a real specific yes or no for this question.
Jesse Hunter: We haven't received draft rates yet from the state. We're on about the same timetable, I would say, that we were on last year, except our hope is that the issue will be a little simpler this year. Last year, the state is creating a new payment methodology for the below birth rate infant switch delayed the rate approval by CMS. So it's still early in the process. We don't have draft rates yet, and so it's very difficult for us to estimate when that process will be...
Jesse Hunter: Yes, I think nothing is changed really in our reserving practices. The total balance of our medical claims liability changes every quarter based on the two weeks before the end of the quarter, how many claims were processed a little bit there in terms of number of days, and shifts around a little bit. But if you look in our press release, for example and what we've shown over the last three or four quarters, the amount of prior period development, which is included in there, I think it's $49 million for last year at this time and so that's been pretty consistent over the last four quarters. So we don't think we've changed anything. We think we have the same level of conservatism as we're establishing reserves for the more current periods. And so we don't think that really impacted our income statement in any material way in the quarter.
Michael Neidorff: I might also add that our experience in ABD is solid. It's something that -- all the assistance I showed, really are very supportive of helping us manage it .
Michael Neidorff: I think first, I would -- just to be consistent, we never experienced that same level of pent-up demand, and others see it, too. We did report historically, we see an increase, about 10% of our population, Bill, have been...
Michael Neidorff: Yes. So yes, I mean people are staying on longer. But we've had very flat demand across the membership, Scott.
Michael Neidorff: We are obviously keeping a lot of pressure on it. We have a very active group who demonstrated their capabilities of the BRE and other things and it feels like [ph] -- there's so many areas that has to be understood and worked on that it's just one of many things that we just continue maintain the pressure. It doesn't come in for a few years, so they did reduced the amount. But you have to look in out in Canada [indiscernible] the bill, I think when they passed the Senate Bill, it's the only one they could. It was still a work in progress, and it had not been fully completed. So we have to work with everybody across the whole bill and all our constituencies to see if we can make some sense out of something.
Michael Neidorff: I think we typically don't respond to what we're going after until the state discloses it. Anything of that size, of course, is something I would expect the Sympatico people to look at. And they'll make a decision as to the opportunity, starting with returns and profitability on it, reasonable profit on it, and we'll go from there. So obviously, it's something we're looking at. And if we decide to bid on it and the state discloses that, you'll know then.
Michael Neidorff: I think, I mean I'm comfortable that we're -- I think the state sees us bending the curve for it. And the other low-cost consumer [ph] to my knowledge at this point, it has approved rates going forward for Choice.
Michael Neidorff: I think, Brian, hear me, with regards to Florida, I would not generalize on that specific. I think everybody has been reading the political issues that are taking place there, which are signing on all of this. And it's a more unusual approach to politics at this point.
Michael Neidorff: I think, one, they carved out before the act was signed. And they were the states who were scrambling for pennies and do not take any risk on that. But obviously, I think there's clear incentives to carve in, and I think states are taking a good hard look at it. I expect some to carve it back in or carve it in. It's a matter of economics versus political will, and our will to just going to continue to work on it. We have confidence. We have our own PBM. We have the tools to make it work for our state clients that want to do it. And we can be supportive of them.
Michael Neidorff: I'm not going to -- in the absence of incentive, do it now [ph]. In a political year, with this elections coming up, particularly Ohio, they have a highly contested mature rates. I'm not pushing them on it, but they understand where we're at, and we've had pre-carved out discussions about their evaluating and considering strongly carving back in once DRE [ph] in price. So I'm not going to sit here and say, "They've told me they're going to do it until they have."
Michael Neidorff: I think in Q1, we had a more normalized flu season and you can see how we adjusted our annual guidance, which probably gives some indication that the Q1 results in the MLR that we reported at the low end of our range was a better-than-expected year, right? And now I expect having recognized that improvement in Q1, we will march [ph] along the balance of the quarters. If we'll to put it in the range, in the 84 to 86 range.
Michael Neidorff: And I think as you look out, we have new businesses coming on, which impacting -- we always reserve a minimum of 90% MLR, but new book of business, we have Mississippi. We have a new business coming on in South Carolina, which we expect the first month of operations there would be able to quickly normalize. But there's still a higher medical cost experience there. So all those things come into play.
Michael Neidorff: If you talk about private. It has been funded. They initiated funding in June. Or to a clear time [ph] with this session has now -- we have the funding for it, so we expect it to continue.
Michael Neidorff: No, I think it's macro. And we like to talk about the abundance of conservatism we apply to things. You can see that we think we'll be able to diminish [indiscernible] of where our guidance has been in spite of that. But why not create a realistic expectation that some states could be flat. We're just starting to enter into negotiations with a couple of things. We've seen no rates from here. So why just now? It's a better spot to be in our judgment.
Michael Neidorff: Well, it was a timeframe, and there are political pressures. I wouldn't be surprised if nothing does get out, but it doesn't mean that we're going to stop talking to people and attempt to work through that. But I would -- just looking at the Howard's turnaround of a bit short term, I wouldn't be surprised if we're still out of tip for the next legislative session. It's not the end of the world. I'm a little more concerned that if done right then we quickly would see what happens if we turned quickly.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, and I don't think the people that are involved in making that decision. Their term limited out, so I think there's -- now you're going to have a lot of same leadership in the legislature that we have now. So I mean that's kind of something, too. It's just a matter of -- sometimes, it's a matter of timing. It's a little bit like a tedious question on medical laws and the various states and the rates. We have to look at it, and we keep coming back to a pretty very much a macro view of all these things. We're optimistic. We're comfortable. We're able to increase guidance a few cents. Why? Because that's how we see it in spite of all these issues. And so we're always going to give you our best thoughts on that as that time as we see it the same thing here, Josh, in Florida.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think, and Mark commented, they are requiring we'd be able to grow on both businesses. So Mark do you want to...
Michael Neidorff: I think each year, they've done better. And I think my earlier attempt to humor, right, I actually clarified that states are under some of the same pressures everybody else had, trying to get the data, trying to get it in, trying to get to see them ramp. There's so many factors. That they didn't have the best intention of putting something else on June 1. Probably CMS has not responded to them in a timely fashion, or wants more information, that type of thing. It's pretty hard to guarantee that to anybody beyond that.
Michael Neidorff: John, it's small. I mean when you look at it, we're already a big provider. You have the other public companies down there or major players so or these players -- when you look at the EPO, it seems they're not one of the planned out sales, so those types of things. And I think this is not a big presence.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think Georgia. You have Ohio. Massachusetts has a lot of them. You'll find out as much information as we do on that.
Michael Neidorff: I think it's important that we've said -- there are three people looking at the reserve level. We have our internal people. We have an outside actuary with the expertise. And we have our accounting firm actually. So we have three views of it. So we're comfortable at what we've booked and that we've maintained the same level of conservatism that we have at Medicaid.
Michael Neidorff: And I'm going back to what I've said historically or in the past couple of quarters. One, we have some systems. We have a dashboard we tried showing people. We have some predictive modeling that we showed to people in New York that give us another cusp to where we are. The dashboard gives us realtime based on the downturn today that's going to have some claims paid last night, a realtime type of information which makes a major difference. And we manage it. We use date received versus paid triangles. And one of the companies tends to just acknowledge that's how they do it. So I think a lot of it is systems of being consistent. And if you look back over the years, the negative surprise is, I think, we had, one that I can think of, a year that's comparable, 2006. Now with the pharmacy thing, and I'll never forget, it started Indiana, Ohio, increase use until the people worked something like pharmacy issue in terms of how they're using some drugs. And they were putting some things that should have gone through one system to the other. So we closed that depot.
Michael Neidorff: There's no more questions. We thank you for participating, and we'll see some of you at various conferences, and others, we'll talk to you another quarter. Thank you.
