Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yes, Josh, this is Jeff. You're correct. I would bifurcate that. The PDR also does include the substance abuse facility issue that I just mentioned and I will tell you that the largest component of the PDR is in Arizona. So I think that the math that you did is pretty close as far as the annual run rate. And what I'll tell you is that it was based on information as of the 24th of March and using that information and fair valuing those liabilities effectively as of the acquisition date. And that all those things that I enumerated as far as the actions we have taken, we believe will improve those margins heading into 2017.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No. there's actually two components, Josh. So, there's a piece that's really from March 24 and prior and then there's the March 24 and into the future, right. And so the $90 million is what we added to the medical claims liability as of March 24, that really is for the prior issues. And then we have a component which is also in the $300 million for, I would say, March 24 through the end of this year.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: And Josh, this is Jeff. I mean, just another thing that compounds the issue is the risk corridor, so a substantial piece of the risk corridor – the theoretical benefit that Health Net had assumed was in Arizona. So that's obviously compounding the issue and increasing the size of the PDR there.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I can give a little bit on that. So, obviously, Health Net had some larger balances on the reinsurance and you are well aware what they disclosed in their 10-K. So they were more of the number than Centene was. And there was a small, I would say an immaterial, piece on the reinsurance side that was in purchase accounting but for the most part the majority of it came through in the $0.19 you see in the financials.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Well, no, and I mean said another way, I guess, it was not trapped in purchase accounting, right. This is the estimates that we had on the books as of the 24th, the fair valuation. And then – and that was by the way, that information was developed using the same data aggregators that we use and that Health Net uses and I would say that the ultimate outcome was the $0.19, once we got the final information from CMS.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: It was an immaterial amount specifically on the reinsurance and I would say it trimmed some of the upside on the reinsurance by a small amount.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Well, I think, Chris, what we are saying is that there's some specific items that are obviously depressing the profitability in 2016 that we believe are going to resolve for 2017. So and I would just point to this specific issue of the substance abuse treatment facility which is a significant portion of the overall what we're talking about here. So, and we believe we will resolve those issues heading into 2017. So, you know, if we resolve the issues that we talked about today, I would say it's closer to the higher number.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. Chris, I talked about this at the Investor Day because the MMA, I think they'd already released this potential rate correction. So we did see a positive impact from the MMA rate correction disclosed by the state during the quarter. However, I did mention it was muted by reconciliations that we had in the long term care product that went the other way. So I would think, on a going forward basis, heading into 2017, it is a positive. But specifically this quarter, we did have kind of an offset for that in the same state.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yes. We do have a forecasted rate adjustment for Florida, it's a 9/1 effective date, so yes, yes that is. It's in there.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I mean, I can – I think what I said today was, if you look at the medical claims liability absent substance abuse, which we're still looking at, we're kind of done with that. Looking at the PDRs, again, ex-substance abuse, that's still something we're trying to zero in on. We're saying we're done with the PDRs from that perspective. But really every – I mean there's some small, what I'd call small items that have gotten resolved. But we're still open on, for example, our intangible asset valuation. Right? The $1.5 billion that's on the books. And so in general I would say, if you look at the large items, we've kind of covered two in the medical claims liability and the PDRs, but there's still a lot of other items to go as far as the valuation is concerned. So it's hard to give you a percentage of the total balance sheet. But there is still, obviously, some large items, like the intangible asset valuation, some tax matters, et cetera, et cetera, that we have to go through. So if you look at our form 10-Q, it will disclose, number one, the changes in the quarter and then, two, kind of what we're open on.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Actually I think what's discloses is a roll forward from last year, right. So that would be only the Centene business. And we really look at it on a percentage of medical expense. And so I think our view is it's been relatively consistent. Obviously I think we've done some Investor Days and some presentations were we look at 1.2% to 1.4%, 1.6% in medical expense. And so I don't think there's anything unusual there.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah I think that's a pretty good run rate, could be a touch higher, but I think that's in the ballpark.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No. I think I made my comments or maybe some of the Q&A here that Arizona was the largest single component. I think California is probably up there number two, but you have to remember that also includes this substance abuse issue that we're dealing with.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No, no. I mean, the way we view it is it's you know the requirement is to fair value loss contracts and it's how you acquire and service the members, that the accounting term. And so we've done those analysis based on the expected performance and we've accrued the appropriate fair value of those losses.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Maybe said another way, I mean, since we've finalized the premium deficiency reserve, that's based on an expectation, right, a forecast. So to the extent performance is different than the forecast, then yes, there would be either a positive or a negative that would go through earnings.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yes. No, Michael is exactly right. So, just because of the growing denominator and the mix of business, it's not as meaningful as it was in the past.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No, I think you're correct. So, effectively what we said is the risk corridor wasn't in, we did not anticipate that in our guidance. And I think what's happened is that obviously hurt the profitability as well, right, so it's been compounded by what we've seen as far as the expectations for the Arizona business on a going forward basis from March 24 to December 31. So, once effectively that flips to an underperforming contract, than the risk corridor just kind of adds on top of that, right.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: I guess I'm confused by your no flow-through reserve adjustments through the MLR? You mean like prior period...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. That's right. Those were opening balance sheet adjustments, and included in purchase accounting.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: I think we've talked historically about the quarterly impact for leap year. There's additional costs in Q1. So I mean, I think our HBR improved, but you know the biggest reason why our HBR obviously changed is just the acquisition of Health Net and the different mix in the business, right.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. You're right, Justin. I'm not going to get in too much detail here, but I think what we've said is that all the actions we're taking and what Michael said is that we believe that's going to resolve the issues.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: As we sit here today, right. Because if we don't resolve the issues there'd be a PDR at the end of this year and that's not what we're communicating here today.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, it's substantially all in the Arizona piece. And I think we've talked about the Medicare piece and what's being done there and then you have the substance abuse issue primarily in California and the changes that Michael's talked about.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No it's part of the acquisition accounting, Matt. So what happens is, is you increase the reserves and the offset is really embedded in goodwill on the opening balance sheet.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: So what I would say is that the original creation of the PDR is embedded in goodwill on March 24th and then effectively that PDR amortizes throughout the year to absorb the losses on those products that we've identified and businesses we've identified.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, because we're effectively fair valuing that item as of the date of the transaction and you have to remember that a lot of the Encounters data and Edge Service submissions don't happen until May. And ultimately we were relying on and Health Net was relying on information from the data aggregators to effectively fair value that as of the transaction date.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think, Josh, that's kind of the key as you – if we run through all the various issues, all the actions are being taken with effect January of 2017, which is plan design which we've been working on for the past several months, the premium increases, the removal from business in Arizona. So there's a whole list of issues that have been dealt with very aggressively so that we will not be discussing this kind of issue next year.
Michael F. Neidorff: So there are some changes been made to the certificate of benefits and the timing on that is being worked on with the state. And there's some fraud and abuse that's under full investigation by ourselves and the state, which will impact both of those issues. And so the best way to deal with it was this way, knowing that going forward it's been dealt with very effectively.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I'll give you as much as I can, but it is in litigation. Some of it's in litigation at this point, so I want to be careful. But in the interest of as much transparency as we can. There were some changes to the certificate of coverage, which we believe we're entitled to. And which the state's evaluating as well as through other legal recourse. There's that. That's being contested by the providers. There's also a whole series of claims where we believe there's been significant fraud and abuse that we have contested and are being investigated very thoroughly and we expect to prevail on a lot of those. So what we've effectively done is we've changed some things that created this issue this year but will not be an issue next year. And so the best way to handle it going forward and it doesn't hit income, it goes on the balance sheet with purchase accounting. We had that and so what Jeff and the finance team has done is that once we closed, we had the benefit of being able to pore through everything, make those adjustments and ensure that its not hitting the income statement. And so that's as much with the legal issues and the fact that it is going to be in the courts, I want to be careful how much more I say, Josh.
Michael F. Neidorff: No, no. I'm glad you're asking this because it's really important to us that everyone understand that the way Centene does these things, is we look at it, we address it. You know, I've had several meetings personally with Commissioner Jones. We've talked about it and his deputy. We've talked about the action we're taking. What some people thought we had to wait till 2018 we're effecting January 1 of 2017. So we're being very aggressive in fixing it. The other side of it, I don't want anybody to lose sight of this, there's a lot of business, Medicaid and other, that's doing very well and you saw some of the benefit of the HBR. So we knew some of this was where. We knew it could be dealt with in purchase accounting and we continue to move through it aggressively.
Michael F. Neidorff: There is a considerable amount of it that we are exiting and the exact amount we'll be able to discuss in future calls.
Michael F. Neidorff: But if it's unprofitable and we do not see a road to normalizing margins in it, we're going to exit it, and it's not a overwhelming amount of the business.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I can't emphasize enough, I'm really glad that this came out so fast because it's things that have been there that we're dealing with very effectively, we believe, correcting, and will be behind us as we move forward. So I'm really glad it came out quickly.
Michael F. Neidorff: I'm going to – I'll start and then Jeff can add anything if he likes what I say or don't say. We, obviously, accrue at what we believe to be the most realistic number that reflects where it's going to end up. But we also apply an abundance of conservatism. I would much rather sit here and say there is a benefit than a loss or something less than that. So I think – I would hope next year there's a benefit. I'm not going to project it to be as large, but I will say that we treat it as a one-time thing. We call it out separate from the $1.10 earnings in the quarter. Because we're not looking to say we had a wild and wonderful quarter from operations. We did have a very strong, positive quarter for operations. But that extra amount we call out as separate from that that which came from continuing operations.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I also think that the TRICARE beneficiaries and Department of Defense are going to benefit from the fact that while it was good before, our medical management systems and things we're bringing to bear in the new contract will be beneficial to the recipients.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, we have a solid track record of reprocurement. I don't want to jinx it and Cindy may want to comment but we are comfortable. We track it. We've won seven so far this year, and we have a chance to win one the second time and we're confident we will, with the results we had last time. And so I think from a reprocurement standpoint we go at it aggressively as we have every other one, but I think the track record speaks to it. Cindy, anything you want to add? And I don't see it as a huge risk, anyway.
Michael F. Neidorff: Sure. I think that's something that Centene is well experienced at, and we've been working with the state at the highest levels to redesign the PPO product. There were major flaws in it, and we corrected that. There's a combination of correcting it and ensuring that it's competitive, ensuring that it attracts a balanced book of business. We never design anything to be one-sided or just get healthys, but we want to make sure we get a balanced book. We definitely want to make sure we're not selected against adversely, relative to the competitors. And I think the design we've come up with, using our experience, modeling systems capability, has put us in a strong position to do that. And the rate adjustments will be important, and the same competitive rates rate-wise and having a product that can be competitive is part of getting a balanced book of business. So I can say it's something I've personally been involved in, in pushing and discussing, and I'm very comfortable that we're going to move in the right direction very quickly there, starting January 1. And that's why, setting up the PDR for this year, that's really using it the right way, because we know that come 2017, we'll be in the position we want to be with those products, and we'll be able to, we believe, grow them and do well.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think what's important here is, the operational side of things have been resolved. And now we're dealing with the accounting things that they kind of are what – it's what it is, and you take advantage of it.
Michael F. Neidorff: But, once again, I emphasize it's not operations. The operations is right where – we feel we're just about there.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah, absolutely, and I can't wait to get to that conversion, because it's going to give us the kind of analytical information that allows us to really just continue to improve health states and manage it.
Michael F. Neidorff: I asked that question and they thought it would not affect it. So – but I never put, as I said – this can be direct quote – I never put my hand in fire over any dates that states give us on when something is going to be announced. So we will wait and see.
Michael F. Neidorff: Let me gladly respond to that, and what we said in the statement we released. One, we tend not to comment on rumors, but I did add to it that I think, if there is any one thing that Centene is recognized for, is that it has not participated, and will not participate, in bidding in auctions. So anything that indicates that would have to be considered a rumor. Secondly, at various conferences which were webcast to protect everybody (48:05) I commented that the MA that we're in, and my comments talked about at the lower socioeconomic level. And that what we see out of the Humanas and others are businesses that are at a higher level that we do not have a network for. And that's not our business. We would not build a network for it. So I guess somebody was spreading some rumors. I can't be more direct than that and I'm glad to do it because this is webcast. Now what was the first part? I got so excited I could answer that, I forgot the first part of the question.
Michael F. Neidorff: All right, I'll even – I'll give you a sense of how we like to know where we're going. Once we prove the concept here, we know which states we're going to go after in 2018.
Michael F. Neidorff: Good, let me take initial shot at this. One, the behavioral side of things, the benefit certificates have been redone, have been approved by the states and that will effectively, we believe, take care of that going forward. There is always the potential for somebody to try some fraud which we will always go after very aggressively and we have a fraud and abuse program that identifies and goes after that very effectively. So, I see that as a 2017 issue, not there. On the individual plan on the PPO product, I believe we have now the right design. The actuaries are looking at the right pricing and doing it the way Centene has priced things and it still – we're taking the same approach we have with the market price products. You go at it, you design the product, you work with your actuaries and you get your pricing right. So on a going forward basis, I expect that issue in 2017 to be gone and that's why it was appropriate to do the PDR for this year, because this was something we inherited, and it was prior to the 24th when those things were set. We see the impact on the year. We dealt with it that way but, most importantly, we're comfortable that the changes being made will minimize or eliminate this in 2017. I can't be more straightforward, transparent and confident than that.
Michael F. Neidorff: The contracts – then let me back up. The issue is the certificates of coverage and they are being changed for 2017. Some of them are being changed for right now and that's being reviewed by the appropriate authorities. So on a going forward basis, the behavioral issue is being dealt with with the benefit designs, so that part is 2017.
Michael F. Neidorff: They are ruling to, yes. As far as I know – on the new – for 2017, yeah, I mean, they've not raised any issues that give us cause to believe it's not going to be approved. We are talking about how much we could change for this year, and we believe we have one position and we're negotiating that. But as relative to 2017, I believe that the issues have been dealt with DOI, and they want to see a strong play for the company's product line, competitive and so do we. So we want all the -- we like competition. We want our competitors in this product and ourselves to just have strong products. It's a big market and we'll all do very well.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think we will give guidance for 2017 in December as it relates to the new product design and the price area we do. But our goal obviously is longer-term to grow that business and we have a strong commitment to build that commercial business.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, that falls into guidance for 2017, which we'll give later but we're doing well in the Exchanges, we're at the high-end. So we see ourselves continuing to grow it and we'll be looking forward to talking about that in December relative to 2017.
Michael F. Neidorff: Jeff and others can add to this but the scale and size now is so large that it – with 11 million lives and pushing a $40 billion company, it becomes less material, it takes a lot to move the needle now. And we did that in early stages when it had a strong impact. Now, Jeff, it's...
Michael F. Neidorff: PPO we said was a part of it, but there are product design issues that were part of it as well, where we could get to some reason some of the products to be selected against, etcetera. So we're bringing the product design in line, so that it's competitive and we build a balanced book of business across it. So it's a combination. Seldom does it – when it gets to $300 million type numbers, it's just one thing, so it's a combination. But this behavioral health thing was big part of it.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well we don't – okay, let me answer that for you, and then Jeff can jump in and others. We don't give individual product HBRs. We did talk about how the HBR is down 250 basis points, okay. We also said a lot of that's product mix out of Health Net. So, you can connect the dots and know that the balance of our businesses have strong – with Health Net and ourselves, have strong MLRs, that the issue that we had in the PPO is isolated to the PPO products in California.
Michael F. Neidorff: I also think that the – that's why I commented earlier that I'm glad that we'll be adding the medical management systems to some of those products that – commercial will be last part of it – but in the Medicaid, Medicare, because there's clearly going to be some real benefits from them having the analytical capabilities to improve margins through that data.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think – once again, it will take a longer to get the medical management systems in, but as we get those in, we expect to have some minimal opportunities to improve it.
Michael F. Neidorff: That's right. We believe that for 2017, the certificate of coverages have been corrected and will be approved – it's well along the way to being approved.
Michael F. Neidorff: Any time. I mean they've been talking about it, they understand it. It's ongoing discussions, it's kind of routine.
Michael F. Neidorff: This is routine, there's nothing controversial we're asking for. We're closing – I don't want to call it loopholes – some openings that the state understands, and they're not sure why they were there to begin with, in the conversations I've had. And so it's a non-risk in my mind.
Michael F. Neidorff: If we thought there was, we'd tell you that. We have a track record of saying where things stand and transparent and they tend to turn out -- and not just tend to, they do turn out that way. So a PDR, we booked it for the right reasons in the right way. We've made the adjustments going forward to benefits, pricing, withdrawing products and I want to emphasize one last point here in that we're not talking about a big broad base endemic problem across the company. We're talking about a product, basically one product in one state. We're talking about another product in Arizona, which we're exiting and taking care of it that way, so we're not talking about something that affects all the places where the systems are broken down and we haven't booked the right IBNR and all those things. We're talking about one product, one state where we have taken the action to do what we can to improve it this year, waiting for approval on that. But definitely have taken the necessary steps to fix it for next year.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well give me an understanding of the color you want. We're saying that we've corrected the certificates of authority.
Michael F. Neidorff: I thank everybody. I'm glad we were able to have this call today, because I think it's important we understand the PDR does not affect us on a going forward basis, and it's been dealt with and we're looking forward to continuing forward to growing results of the company. So talk to you soon.
Joshua Raskin: That makes sense. But I guess I still question how does Health Net get away with not – like what exactly was the dispute, they just weren't paying these claims and it turns out they had to? I'm just curious how...
Joshua Raskin: No, that's fair, Michael. I get it, I just want to make sure I got the number right. So $90 million is prior plus another chunk of the PDR going forward. So I don't know, let's just call it half of the PDR for rough math, is substance abuse related. And are you guys assuming that you owe all of the claims now. I mean, I understand it's under litigation.
Joshua Raskin: Me too. And then, I guess, just last one, again I apologize for another question here. Just the $0.19 benefit on the 3R accruals, obviously that means that the Exchanges ran a little bit better then you guys had accrued for last year. Is there a similar expectation now for 2016, did you make any adjustments? I'm assuming you're accruing three 3Rs and payables based on the same math you've...
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. Christine, Jesse Hunter here. So we're obviously not in a position to comment directly around the pricing of the new contract. But I think you've noted in some of the other notes that are out there, the contract is similarly sized to the current experience that that we have in the TRICARE North region. So and it's similar set of benefits and the like with the management services, et cetera. So, I think we'll provide more guidance on that as we get clarity on the process and timing. But I think that's certainly a reasonable starting point
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah, A. J., it's Jesse. Yeah. I think as we talked a little bit about at Investor Day in terms of the four new markets this notion of a proof of concept as we roll out and about the new Medicare Advantage platform, if you will, into the legacy Centene states. So we're obviously still in the midst of that the bid process. That's not finalized. We won't get into a lot of commentary around the components of the rates and the like. But our strategy, as Michael said before, has been very consistent. We want to have a product design that is attractive for low income seniors, so I think that's probably the best indicator of what you should expect to see once these things become public later this year.
Jesse N. Hunter: In hep C in the Medicaid program in California, there is reimbursement from the state through a kick payment mechanism. So when we incur hep C expenses, we accrue an offsetting revenue item anticipated from the state for that kick payment. So we do expect to get our fair share of those payments but the net impact is effectively neutral and that's the intent of the program.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. Ana, this is Jesse. I think the part of the – we've obviously gotten a deeper understanding of the Medicare book, and I think this question came up in the June Investor Day too, what do we see as the margins for the Medicare Advantage product on a go forward basis? And I think we continue to see the opportunity for our standard, if you will, 3% to 5% pre-tax margins for the Medicare Advantage product. So some of the dynamic that existed on a legacy basis is what I would call mix. So the proportion of the Medicare business that's in California, and there are certain, again, contracts and other things that exist within the California market that would be different as we think about the other markets that we've already indicated we'll be expanding into in 2017.
Jesse N. Hunter: You know that recommendation is just out, and so we are tracking that. I don't believe it is on the formulary in Florida yet, but we can get back to you on that information. But it's a very recent recommendation from CDC.
Jesse N. Hunter: In any case, we don't really feel this will have a very significant financial impact, though. The costs of tests are very low.
Justin Lake: Just appreciate taking the question this late. First on the PDR, can you identify – basically, just want to make sure I understand this. You're saying that, regardless of how this decision turns out on substance abuse, you are not essentially expected to have to even cover it for 2017.
Justin Lake: I appreciate that, I guess what I was trying to get at was again without too much detail, A couple of your peers have had somewhat similar problems in terms of specific businesses or products and they have given some detail around exits for 2017 and the market's chosen to look through them, right, which I think is correct. But without giving color it's hard to figure out how much of that goes away directly for 2017? So that's why I was asking for the color.
Justin Lake: Right, that I get. How much are you exiting in Arizona? How much of this PDR of $300 million are you just not even going to be in the product for next year, such that we can just literally write it off which I think is what the market would like to do. Just say this is cash charge, we move forward and for 2017, we don't worry about that.
