Brent Layton: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. Before I jump in, I'd like to build on Sarah's remarks. I had the pleasure of working with Michael Neidorff for 21 years. His impact on this company is undeniable, and I will continue to be thankful for the opportunity he gave me.  I'd also like to take a moment to recognize this is Sarah's first earnings call as our CEO. And Sarah, I couldn't be more pleased to continue to work with you in your new role. And I think I speak for the entire team here at Centene when I say we're excited about what the future holds for us as an organization under your leadership. Now back to the business today. I'm happy to talk about the performance of our core business lines during the first quarter. In the first quarter, we have seen HBR in line with expectations across each of our core products. Our Medicaid business remains strong with membership increasing to nearly 15.3 million members at the end of the first quarter and contract reprocurement wins in Louisiana and Indiana. As I'm sure you've all gotten -- got used to me saying, our Medicaid growth continues to be aided by the ongoing suspension of redeterminations.  As Drew will explain further, we anticipate the return of redeterminations in August. We continue to work with our state partners to better understand how we can support this transition and are confident in our ability to retain and attract membership to our exchange products into 25 states where we have both Medicaid and Marketplace. As states begin to transition back to redeterminations, I believe we will begin to see new opportunities for Medicaid managed care programs as we move past the pandemic, and states look to improve health outcomes and make Medicaid programs more efficient. In our exchange product, following a strong open enrollment, we ended the quarter at over 2 million members. We are pleased with both our member retention and our new member enrollments.  As I discussed at the fourth quarter call, we introduced 3 new product offerings for the exchange in 2022. These products designed to meet the evolving needs of our members, have performed in line with our expectations, served as both a tool for our member retention and attraction as a means to provide member engagement and manage utilization. While we're pleased with the performance of these products, our core and better product offerings remain the foundation of our exchange offerings. We continue to monitor the administration's adjustment to the exchange market, including efforts to close the family glitch, which could allow an additional 5 million people to use tax credits to purchase Marketplace plans. In Medicare, we ended the quarter following annual enrollment with more than 1.4 million members across 36 states. Overall, we are very pleased with our strong growth of Medicare, yielding 200,000 net new members and 16% membership growth year-over-year 2021. We've managed well through another COVID variant at the top of the year as well. As we continue into 2022 and beyond, we see significant opportunity in Medicare. Our focus continued to be margin enhancement through clinical initiatives, network expansion and value-based contracting. Overall, 2022 is off to a solid start across all 3 core products. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Brent Layton: We're spending a great deal of time working with providers on value base. And when I talk about value-based, I'm talking about risk both up and downside. And I would say that, in Medicare, we've continued a very strong effort. So we've always been very focused on value-based true risk in Medicare, and we're continuing that and accelerating that. Medicaid, though, is really discussions, as we moved into the pandemic and now coming out of the pandemic, have allowed us to really be a very high percentage for the Medicaid product. And I think you'll continue to see tremendous growth for risk within Medicaid. And right now, we're looking for the best approach within the exchange. So we're very focused and value-based and there's a tremendous amount of effort and very excited where, ultimately, our conversations, relationships with providers are going and where they're at today.
Brent Layton: Yes. I mean, we actually raised our premium. We increased it, but yet we were still able to grow and be successful in our markets from the standpoint. And some of that has to do with the new products that we developed. One of the products was more of a clinic focused in South Florida and in Texas and also more of a tailored network approach we use, and that helped us retain members. We've been also not only grew, we retained a great deal of our members year-over-year, which we're excited about. In fact, last year, we grew a great deal through the Biden -- and we've actually been able to retain 69% of those from '21 into '22. So retain growth and being able to very much bring new product that really helped us retain and keep our membership and actually grow even if we raise premiums.
Brent Layton: Let me hit the mechanical question first. You're right. Last year, we sort of whipsawed quarter-to-quarter in our commercial performance. Now part of that is COVID variants coming at us. And so I'll say everything else equal, Gary, we expect a steady tick-up based upon the benefit plan designs in the commercial business, as you would expect throughout the year, so a steady rise to get to our goals.
Brent Layton: I'll add one thing. Obviously, California is a very important state to Centene, but we are very fortunate to have many years of experience in California, and we're honored to be in California. And we have a lot of preparation for this RFP. We've been preparing for a very long time, and we strive every day to be the best health plan in California. And that is our goal, and that's what we want to attain and will be.
Brent Layton: Yes. We need a partner that can handle the size and scale of $40 billion of spend and the complexity of a multiline business. So that does limit the field to some degree, but there's still adequate competition out there. And I mean each of the parties has their own unique opportunities to impress us.
Brent Layton: Yes. Let me answer it this way. We've grown -- if you go back to March of 2020, the inception, the onset of the pandemic, we've grown 2.8 million members since then in Medicaid, excluding adds like North Carolina or Missouri expansion business, which was sort of an organic win. So we expect a little over half of those members to attrit through the redetermination process, granted, it's an estimate. But it's a very -- it's a very complex estimate that we've assessed over picking slope lines based upon direct conversations with the state. And Brent and Dave Thomas' team have done a really good job engaging with states and actually preparing for the [Catchersmed] opportunity in marketplace. But sticking with your question in Medicaid, so we expect a little over half of that 2.8 million members, which gets you to the $6 billion of revenue to attrit largely by the end of '23. I guess some of it could go into '24, depending on the states that really want to stretch out redeterminations, but I'd say largely by the end of 2023.
Brent Layton: So the 29 states where we have Medicaid health plans, we have the exchange or our Ambetter product in 25 of them. So we're able to overlap the counties and in a lot of ways, overlap the provider network, first and foremost. Second, we spent a great deal of time with the states. And absolutely both at the federal level and the state level absolutely want people to have coverage. And both government entities are working very closely with us. In regards to the states, it's about communication. How can we actually communicate with our members in what way through texting and so forth to let them know what their options and opportunities are to work with them. and the exact same on the federal level from that standpoint? In regards to your question about marketing spend and so forth, another component is exactly when does the PHE in, number one. And number two, every state will work at a different time. Some will want to move fast, some not so fast, and that will impact it. But no matter what it is, we will absolutely focus on distribution. We've gotten very good distribution for the exchange, and we'll continue to do that.
Brent Layton: Yes. I think the longer the Medicaid members are on the roles, sort of the better for the member, obviously, and the more stable sort of the overall aggregate population. But look, it's our job to get out in front of our state customers with data. We've already started doing that. We've had conversations with CMS to prepare for any necessary moves in rates. Right now, we're focused on the sunsetting of the risk corridors. And as soon as we get some additional data as redeterminations start presumably in August, but I guess we'll see if that sticks, then to ensure that rates are actuarial sound, and that's sort of what we do for a living around here regardless of what changes there are in Medicaid programs. Also, you'll note that we've lifted the HBR this year in Medicaid into the 89s. And so it's our job to sort of keep it there regardless of what's thrown at us.
Drew Asher: Okay. Thanks, Justin. Yes. So ripping through the HBRs by our lines of business, Medicaid was right on track in the quarter. And we sort of expect that to tick up during the year and then the fourth quarter would come down a little bit. That's the progression throughout the year. You're right. On our commercial business, we expect about 500 basis points year-over-year improvement. We got 420 in the first quarter. That's right on track with our expectation. Last Q2 was pretty ugly for commercial. So you'll see a wider gap there or improvement there, and we expect that to continue on for the rest of the year. So we're right on track. Commercial and Medicare was a little bit better than expectation due to the PDP business not only in HBR, but I'm actually pleased with that business. We had to collapse 6 of our products down to 3. Remember, we acquired Aetna's business a few years ago. And after a few years, you have to get down to the 3 products, and we had great retention based on some programs that were implemented so not just an HBR benefit, but also really good retention performance on that business. And then the sunsetting of the risk corridors, that continues. We're still down to about half a dozen COVID era risk corridors, and therefore, the paybacks we're seeing have diminished quite a bit from last year, and those discussions continue to be constructive.
Drew Asher: Yes, it's a really good question. Actually, it's a 2024 question. 2023, so the STAR scores that came out in October of 2021, they're called the rating year 2022 STAR scores, which is revenue '23. Those were in good shape, obviously, aided with a tailwind from the disaster relief provisions. So those sunset as we go into 2024. And some of the measures where, quite frankly, we just weren't operating at the level we need to operate back in the back half of 2020 for ops and admin measures and then 2021 dates of service, which fuel the rating year '23 STAR scores, which is revenue year '24. So we're enthusiastic about margin expansion opportunity for 2023, and that's sort of -- we're trying to balance that with a little bit of growth in Medicare Advantage for '23. And then we've got a hurdle for 2024. And our jobs as managers, not victims, is to execute and pull levers, and the value creation plan is designed just to do that.
Drew Asher: Yes. So there's certainly competition. You've seen that increase in some markets exponentially in the last couple of years. I think some companies are figuring out that this -- at the core is an insurance business. And so you've actually got to get to an earnings standpoint to have a viable business. And I think that's going to help the market sort of balance out a little bit better as we look ahead. But you're absolutely right. We powered through that competition. We welcome competition. And Brent, maybe a couple of new products that helped us diversify our portfolio.
Drew Asher: I think you hit on the key word, which is partner. I don't want to have to arm wrestle every other month on issues and really want someone in tandem thinking about how we can deliver the most value to our state and federal customers and our members. So pretty pleased with the level of engagement so far.
Drew Asher: Yes, sure. Yes, we're pretty close back to sort of the pre-pandemic levels on Medicaid. Let me give you a couple of examples. Like pediatric physicals and preventative, that snapped back pretty quickly, which is a good thing in 2020. But the adult visits are still lagging a little bit, and then ER has come back for all business lines, except for non-emergent in ER visits in Medicaid. So there's a couple of pockets where there's still a little bit of slight suppression, but we're largely back to pre-pandemic levels as we look at utilization metrics.
Drew Asher: Like I mentioned in my last response, the team has really put a lot of thought into making sure we've got the processes in place to be able to, in some cases, market to, in some cases work directly with the state in terms of making those redetermined members aware of the opportunity to move in the Marketplace. And I think, Brent, you probably got some insights into how that process has gone with the assistance from the CMS letter that was put out in early March.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks. I can take that, and then we'll probably ask Brent to comment on it as well. So first, relative to inflation impacts, we haven't really seen anything so far this year. The fact that our rates are contracted creates a buffer on that but obviously aware of the potential future impact. And it's yet another reason why the move more aggressively to align with providers in value-based contracting is a major priority as we go forward. We've made really good progress on that and I think probably relative to peers are further along on the Medicaid side. But I'll let Brent talk about kind of where we are today and then how we're looking about at that going forward.
Sarah London: Yes. Scott, thanks for your comments and for the question. So I'll touch on the enhanced APTCs relative to marketplace, and then we can talk about the family glitch as well. So the enhanced APTCs are currently scheduled to expire at the end of this year. And if those are allowed to expire, we estimate that it would impact around 10% to 15% of our Marketplace membership. That said, there is broad democratic support for the program. And so as you pointed out, over the next couple of months, we're watching very closely to see if they can identify an actionable legislative vehicle. And so one example of that would be a slim down build back better. And the prevailing view is that the enhanced APTC is being extended out to 2025 as well as drug pricing reform would be the most likely health care candidates for inclusion in a bill like that. So watching that certainly very closely over the coming months here. But I would also say that we don't see it as a binary end point. There are other legislative and policy options that are available to mitigate the impact. So we're talking to our state and federal partners actively about those in parallel. And so as you would expect, overall, planning for both best and worst-case scenario and proactively working to support and shape policy that's not just good for Centene, but policy, we think, is good for the entire industry. I will turn it over to Kevin Counihan, who is on the phone, to talk a little bit more about the family glitch and how we see that as an opportunity for Ambetter product but also some of the hurdles that we would need to overcome in order to make that as actionable as possible.
Sarah London: Matt, I was just going to add a little bit more detail, and Drew touched on this in his comments, but sort of as we look forward, right, because it is a multiyear effort, our ability to focus on it and make it a tier 1 initiative right now is very important to making that sort of meaningful rebound. So we think we've talked about this before, but we hired a Chief Quality Officer in Q4 of last year. are making real investment in processes and systems with a focus on the member experience. But I would also highlight this is another great motivator for alignment in value-based contracts with providers because that's the best way to improve member experience, make sure we're closing those gaps in care.
Sarah London: And I've pointed this out before, but I'll do so again because I think it's an important bellwether that the work that the Marketplace team did to really understand the competitive dynamics on a county-by-county level and then to build that up to the portfolio performance that we were aiming for, I think, is not only tremendously impressive work, but is also a good indicator of how we think about going into the calibration of margin and growth in Medicare in the upcoming bid cycle.
Sarah London: Yes. And then on the Magellan front, I would say the team out there worked very, very closely with the state in those early days live and has been performing very, very well since mid- to late February. There are 0 backlog in authorizations and I think has built a really positive relationship with through that collaboration. Relative to the RFP, California is a very important state for us, and we have -- throughout the Magellan acquisition process throughout the Rx go-live and throughout our bid process have been very focused on making sure that we are aligned with the state and meeting their expectations and looking to exceed their expectations. So there were challenges out of the gate, but I think the team recovered incredibly well. you'd have to ask California, but at least the signals we're getting from them is that they're very happy with the collaboration and the partnership.
Sarah London: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I'll hit on the PBM front and invite Drew to weigh in as well because we've been having these conversations with potential partners together. We're -- we issued the RFP early. We're still on track for the year-end award, but part of the logic of getting the RFP out there earlier was to allow for the more strategic conversation about what the scope would be with that partner. The key criteria are obviously going to be quality and performance. Transparency is incredibly important and then also feeling that like we have a very close partner. And so economics are incredibly important, probably first, second and third, but then also making sure that as we deliver a member and provider experience, that we have a very responsive partner that is as focused on quality as we are. I don't know, Drew, if you want to add anything.
Sarah London: And then on the strategy front, obviously, we'll get more into this in June and I think more over the back half of the year. But you've heard us lay out some of the principles. And so making sure that we are growing from the strength of the core business lines and looking at obvious adjacencies and then making sure that we are operating at a high level of excellence on an ongoing basis because we believe that will build the trusted relationships and, through that local approach, can give us a differentiated strategy for growth. So more to come in June on that.
Sarah London: And I would just reiterate relative to the timing that, again, we released RFP early in order to give time for those fulsome conversations, but we're still on track for year-end award. And as Drew has said and we have said multiple times that there's nothing like a good old-fashioned RFP to make sure that we're getting the best economics.
Sarah London: And I would just touch back on Brent's comments as well that the benefit of being so conversant with our states and helping them to even think about what the right strategy is going into redeterminations and what the impacts might be is that we have line of sight to how each one of the states is thinking, and some of that thinking is shifting.  So we have states that started off thinking that they could through the roles in 3 months and I think then better digested the fact that it was probably if coverage continuity and voter abrasion was important that, that's more like a 12-month plan, but we're seeing states everywhere from 5 months, which I think is probably the most aggressive all the way to 17 months. And again, just the fact that we're in those conversations gives us line of sight to plan and then, as Drew said, also be able to bring forward data that make sure that the rates are actuarially sound based on the impact we think we'll incur.
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations with any follow-up calls, and we'll talk to you soon.
