Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I think Michael addressed the member staying longer comment. I think the only thing I would like to bifurcate is we did talk about – previously about margin normalization and if marketplace margins would be consistent with 2017, 2016 and 2015 and that 2018 was a very good year. And so that piece was completely expected in our forecast. And then the second piece, I think that Michael mentioned here was the member staying longer, which just to highlight, we’ve increased our guidance, our revenue guidance over $1.4 billion for the first and second quarters here, really due to the member retention and them staying longer. And I completely agree with the comments you stated about them.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I mean, a couple of things I would say is that if you’re comparing to I think, the consensus number, I think that was around $1.24, that’s $0.10. So we were at $1.34. So that’s a $0.10 beat. $0.05 is really driven by what Michael mentioned to Centene Forward, which we’re reinvesting in the back half of the year. And then you would have another, call it, $0.05, $0.03, from the Ribera Salud gain and call it $0.02 from operations, if you’re comparing to consensus. And so I would say the guidance raise was in line with that. It’s the $0.03 from the Ribera Salud gain plus $0.02 from operations, again if you’re comparing against consensus that we increase the guidance by.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So if you’re comparing to year-over-year and specifically for this year, I think Michael commented on the higher member retention. So what we did have in the forecast was the margin normalization. And we talked about that at our December and probably Q1 earnings calls that we anticipated that exchange margins would be similar to 2017 and prior and then 2018 was a very good year. And so Michael commented on the membership retention and if members are staying longer and so it’s increase in the HBR, the margins just a little bit and that’s why we did the tenth on the increase in the HBR guidance.
Jeff Schwaneke: No. No. It’s just higher than our previous expectations, Kevin. I mean, we had – I mean, if you look at the Q1 and Q2 how we raised guidance at the top line, that’s over – almost $1.4 billion of additional revenue. And what we’re saying is that that MLR is higher than our expectations that we originally had. So the members are staying longer, which is outside of our expectations well and we’re adjusting the forecast for that.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. This is Jeff, Lance. I think what Michael said, we continue to see stable, stable cost trends in the Medicaid business. And as far as Iowa, it’s nothing has changed. I would say our commentary around Iowa has been that we don’t have that forecast that are projected to be a contributor to earnings in the first six months of operation for this year. And I think Michael had reiterated in his commentary, his prepared remarks that we do see kind of a normal, what I would call Medicaid margin profile on a going-forward basis.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, thanks. Yes, thanks. So, we previewed this obviously at the Investor Day said, we thought at the time, it was going to be more than $200 million, so $238 million is the number. I would say I would size the minimum MLR and the RADV as the two largest components of the offsets and primarily of equal magnitude. One thing to highlight just about RADV specifically is it gets finalized in August of this year, and this is the first year that they’re doing the RADV adjustment for the marketplace. And they’ve decided not to collect the funds with the RADV adjustment until 2021. And as a result, there’s really, there was no ability for us to offset the RADV adjustment in our minimum MLR calculation. Meaning usually, the MLR calculations, the last, right, so you would have a RADV adjustment that would then be calculated into the minimum MLR, but as this was the first year for the RADV adjustment, we were unable to do that. So, some of the RADV adjustment would have been mitigated in our minimum MLR calculations. But it wasn’t for this quarter, because of the unique circumstance. But I guess what I would say is, the Centene Forward program delivered good value and continues to do that on the risk adjustment side and I think that’s a good thing long-term.
Jeff Schwaneke: Again, I mean, we were following GAAP, right? So, our job is to make the best estimate at the end of each quarter and at the end of each year. And that’s what we’ll continue to do. So, yes, if we have historical information that indicates that we’re performing better than we would absolutely include that information into our estimates.
Jeff Schwaneke: Well, I think if you’re comparing year-over-year first half to second half, obviously, Fidelis is a change, meaning we did not have that in the first half of last year, right? And we do have Fidelis in the first half of this year. And as we’ve commented, they were running higher HBR than the Centene-based business when we did the acquisition. So that is definitely a driver.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. On the second piece, your spot on, when we took control of the Ribera Salud, we’ve included those members now, in our membership reporting tables. So that’s the change there.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So, first question that there were – there are costs obviously associated with the Oregon startup and we had a placeholder in our original startup cost guidance. So, it fits well within what we’d already previously communicated. And then the second thing when you’re talking about the consolidation, now obviously, we would – the net earnings impact is in theory the same other than we have more share of those earnings. But now, we will include the revenue and we’d had that in the guidance, because we had a – we knew this was – acquisition was coming. So, we’d already had that the previous guidance.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. this is Jeff. And it’s – I think Michael has mentioned this previously, but it’s been a very good deal for the company. It’s performing in line with expectations. We’re capturing the synergies that we thought we would and I would see the initiatives and what we expected at the beginning where we were going to invest more G&A dollars to lower the medical costs have actually have occurred. And so we’re pleased with the performance and I think there’s still more opportunity for continued improvement and we’re working on those actions as we speak.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. it’s been normal. I mean A.J., we’ve talked about this before. I mean what we really focus on is the consistency, right? Of development. Meaning, we have a consistent process, we use claims received, we use an impatient validation methodology. So, our methodology is a little unique compared to others in the industry, but we look for consistency and I think ours has been consistent for a long time.
Jeff Schwaneke: No. I guess what I would say is, I think it will be up. The other thing you have to realize is when you’re looking at there’s a difference between the statutory and the GAAP HBRs that we talk about. So, that’s all I would highlight. But yes, it will be up on a year-over-year basis.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, it was – yes, I mean versus our expectations, it was in line. I mean the marketplace business was in line. I mean I that’s our view.
Jeff Schwaneke: Because remember, I mean Michael explained this at the beginning. Remember, there’s deductibles and maximum amount of pockets, right? So the longer – you can do the math there.
Jeff Schwaneke: You’re correct. It does come through the MLR as a component of revenue, right? It’s a revenue adjustment.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. That’s a lot there. So first, we’re not going to get into the provider specific rate increases for providers, right? But the other thing as I would say is, we continue to manage our provider network to offer competitive product and be successful and grow the business. And so that’s what we continue to focus on, and that’s what we continue to do, and make sure that our members have access to the highest quality care.
Michael Neidorff: I want to make one more comment. When we have a $75 billion business, similarly, you have a $20 billion, $30 billion business. And we have more complexity, you have more products, you have more states. It’s going to be some variability, but it’s really a very strong position to be in. And that it really affords us the offsets. And with that site business and now going international – even every market they may have an issue. It’s no different than investors that have funds and have a stock that maybe is not [indiscernible] if others have offset it. Marketplace is one of our key strengths and I can’t emphasize that enough, Scott.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think I commented in my prepared remarks that I expected to grow next year. So – and I think that’s – and I still feel that way.
Michael Neidorff: I will make one comment and Jeff can go into all the detail you want, okay. But what we’re trying to say is that we have this Centene Forward, which is really working well. It’s going to – it’s used to freed up funds to invest in technology, the things that are paying big dividends going forward, couldn’t be more pleased with it. What happened is we started to realize results in this quarter. And the shovel-ready projects won’t be ready until next quarter. So we had to take the earnings but – and in fact said, we’ve taken the earnings this quarter. But next quarter, we’re going to have the expense. And Jeff, you might just further…
Michael Neidorff: In other words, Kevin, they stay longer, so they reach the maximum amount of profit. It doesn’t mean that their health conditions have deteriorated, if anything. Over time, we’ll see improvements the longer we keep them. But that’s really why you see that jump – it’s a normalization of the business. And the good news is I like the fact we’re retaining people, this is longer term, we’re going to have a very strong base there.
Michael Neidorff: But it is, Josh. It’s a lot of investments. In other words, we will continue to update our systems. And we’ve said when we’re going to be investing in that and that’s going to deliver longer return, real efficiencies. And so this whole effort on reducing our G&A costs and reinvesting that money without affecting our earnings stream, as expected, that’s where it’s all about. It’s recognized that growth.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think that, okay, one, I mean your first thing was right, we’re seeing a lot of success with the states, they understand it. We’ve good discussions with Justice. We understand their role and what they have to do and providing them all the material on a expeditious basis. And I want to just cautiously let people know it’s going well enough that it could close earlier. Now the sooner it closes and we get the company integrated, the sooner we’re prepared to move ahead with some accelerated activity we have in mind. But we’re going to be patient and manage it through carefully after we’ve demonstrated this is fully integrated. We’re not going to bite off more than we can chew. And we know how they integrate companies. We’ve demonstrated that. And so anything that picks up that speed just puts us in a position to do something sooner.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. We typically have said that we always book at a higher level for the first three quarters and so, sometimes four. But it doesn’t mean it’s losing, it’s just – it may be breakeven – but a new business, we work with our providers, on evolution not revolution and so it is an educational process as we work through it, and they’re in our systems and things. So, we see it performing normally as all new markets do.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. They’ve indicated the end of August. But I’ve said historically, but I think my quote is, I don’t put my hand in fire for any stage in their timings.
Michael Neidorff: Because as they do what they want, we’re still confident that it’s going to continue to be a good opportunity for us.
Michael Neidorff: I think, I don’t think that everything I’ve read about it. Historically, where they’ve tried those kinds of things, it tends to have a negative impact on pricing. All prices seem to rise to the highest level now dropped to the lowest level. I don’t think – I don’t think that would be good. What I’m talking about is, particularly in pharmacy, I think there has been an absence because of replacing things on transparency there and we are working aggressively the move to net pricing on the pharmacy product.
Michael Neidorff: I think that there’s an opportunity there. But I have not quantified it yet, but team hasn’t, but I think we see it as potential upside, having no downside risk to us. It’s only good, but we have the risk to see how it’s reacted and hopefully, in future calls we’ll be able to do more guidance on it.
Michael Neidorff: And I just want to add this, I want to remind everybody that there’s two elements to risk adjustment, one that we control that’s how well we do a medical expense in our risk. But if somebody else has a negative, has a different than expected result, that impacts us and that’s outside our control. So, when you look at this, it’s not just how we’re doing, but what the total market in a particular product is doing? I think I’m telling you what you already know.
Michael Neidorff: Hey guys. As commented before that if we could find more Fidelis, I do one in the morning and one in the afternoon.
Michael Neidorff: I think when you look at margins; it’s going to be a puncture of the business you continue to attract, how long you retain your existing membership? There’s multiple variables there. And what’s important to me, and I said this though, we talk about a 5% to 10% range. We see nothing that’s going to change that. It’s going to move up and down within that range based on retention, on the membership, you attract, a series of things and that’s to be expected in any insurance business. Now as it grows and as you keep people longer, you’ll see some leveling off of it. because they’re being managed or under control, but – in the law of larger numbers, such as price. So, I guess going into as we look at 2020, we’ll give more guidance in December, which is our standard factors versus try and get into too much at this stage and we’ll have one more history at that point to understand what our retention is? What the membership is? I remind you every year, we’ve retained 80% of the previous year’s membership. So, all those factors come into play, Justin.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we don’t, we don’t – I’m not going to get into that to that level of detail, because once again, it’s a very large business and it’s a growing business, it is – and we started getting that by night. We’re losing sight of what this total $75 billion, soon to be a $100 billion company. So, you have to look at it in a totality and we don’t look at it and say is it going to be 8%, 8.2%, 8.1%. We look at the totality of all our businesses and we beat from operations by $0.02 and that’s kind of the way we look at it, Justin.
Michael Neidorff: Justin, we have 1.9 million members. You want to tell me which one you’re thinking about? I mean, seriously, [indiscernible] but I mean, you think about it, 1.9 million members. One could have an MLR of 72%. One could have an MLR of 85%. I mean, it’s just – there’s no way of doing that.
Michael Neidorff: And I just might add. I’ve commented we’re moving more and more to these risk-based contracts and providers have managed the business. And it goes back to the old fashion managing your patient and do incredibly well with that because it puts in control how they’re practicing medicine. So we think there’s real opportunities, where providers will do very well in our business.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you. And I want to – I just wanted to emphasize that as we sit here as a group today, we really feel very good about the business on where it is. It’s performing well. It’s firing on all 12 cylinders, and on balance, as you can see, there’s a growth, there’s people operations. We’re dealing with all the issues. And so we look forward to continuing to report what we consider to be very successful quarters. Thank you for your time and look forward to seeing you.
Kevin Counihan: Sure. Hi, good morning. We’ve been working very closely with DoD for a while about this potential new arrangement and also with House and Senate Armed Services Committees. There’s – to your point, there’s a variety of different thinking going on within DHA as well as in House and Senate Armed Services Committees about what that final new benefit plan might look like. The risk arrangement that you’re talking about is one of the things that they’re considering. But there’s a lot of different things they’re considering too with respect to care management, with respect to value-based contracting, with respect to network design. We’re very pleased to be at the table and providing a lot of different recommendations and ideas to them.
Kevin Counihan: Well, as you’re probably aware, there’s a leadership change that’s going to be taking place over the next couple of months. And so our thinking is probably, after that takes place, which is probably in the late summer or early fall, we’ll probably no more. So I would imagine with the next three to six months.
Kevin Counihan: Yes. If I could just amplify a little bit with brandy had said. this is Kevin. I think one of the core learnings that we’ve had is the importance of engaging independent pharmacies, very early on in the process. So, we get out to the IPA, the independent pharmacy association early. We talk about what we’re doing, why we’re doing it, and what the new website is going to look like? Get in their newsletter, things of that sort. So that’s been a core learning.
