Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I mean, I think right now that is specific to New York and I think there was something in California. Those haven't passed, those aren't law at this point in time. So we have not projected anything in that other than the lower federal tax rate that's in our guidance today. So again, it's early. We'll have to wait and see what the impact is on both the commercial and Medicaid business. But as I stated in our Investor Day, longer-term, we see opportunity in the Medicaid business. On the commercial side, it really depends on the competitive dynamics.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. And just, I mean, one other thing. One month does not make a quarter or a year, right? I mean, we provide annual guidance, so...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No. I think if you go back to what we said at our Guidance Day, we said we expected the SG&A ratio to be above 10.5%. I'm, obviously, excluding the charitable contribution. I'm looking at the adjusted SG&A ratio. So really, it was kind of a preview for the costs that we expected to incur on the Marketplace and the Medicare open enrollment period. And if you recall, the government restricted their spending specifically on the Marketplace and so we kind of stepped in and filled the gap. And we added those dollars somewhere around the second and third quarter. So that was really new spending for us. When you look at our original guidance for 2017, that wasn't included, and we effectively took steps to invest in those products. And, obviously, with the results that we have, it's been very successful.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Well, I mean, I think that's one of the reasons why it's a little more complicated than you would think right off the cuff is because, in general, the basis that most states would have to leverage some form of tax would be the statutory financial statements. And you're right, there could be multiple products in each one, so it's not as cut and dried as everybody may seem to think.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yes. With respect to the flu, I think, Michael kind of covered that. Flu is only one component of medical costs. We're talking about one month out of an entire year right now. That's all we have really information on, a little over a month. And so I think I'll just leave that there. And your second question, I mean, we're obviously – I mentioned in the fourth quarter results the commentary about the higher HBR and our new plans. And yeah, we absolutely expect improvements in, I would say, the Nebraska, Missouri, Pennsylvania. Usually, there's continuity in care provisions and new programs, and so if there's nothing different than what we have historically said that they run higher HBRs for the first six to nine months and then we expect those to come down with medical management initiatives, so nothing new there.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I mean, I think if you go back, it's just really membership expectations and actual results that we have so far on the Marketplace business. I mean, back in December, I think, we kind of guided to a number of around 1.3 million paid members. And now we're looking at something greater than 1.6 million. So from that perspective, it's just more time has passed and we have certainty on the number of enrollees, and we're obviously – it's been a very successful open enrollment for us. And so we felt we needed to change guidance for the additional revenue and earnings that that's going to deliver.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. A couple things. I would say the Services business is a little bit lumpy on the top line, really driven by contract reconciliations for the Centurion business, the Fed Services business. The other thing is we did have a small acquisition where we added cystic fibrosis to our specialty pharmacy company, so that will add a little bit of revenue. But I think I mentioned at our Investor Day we're looking at maybe a couple hundred million dollar growth year-over-year, 2017 to 2018.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: So but at the end of the day, again, the way we look at development is consistency as a percentage of medical costs, and I think we've historically been into the 1.1% to 1.2% of medical cost as development. So in general, there's nothing unusual there is what I would say.
Michael F. Neidorff: And there are (30:56) some federal laws and legislation on the amount of tax that a state can charge on those types of products, specifically Medicaid. And that was set up so they don't find a way to fund the Medicaid to their share of it through taxing. So I think this has a long way to play out and it's not something that we see having any short-term or longer-term effect on us.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think we've retained about 80% of the population we had from last year. And I think we have the right networks, we have the right systems and capability to manage it and develop that reputation. We've entered some new states; Nevada and Missouri, we mentioned among – this is the third one. And so some of it's coming from those new states. If people are backing out and we're in that state, we obviously will pick up some of that membership. But most of it, I believe, is on our own account and how we're doing things and the reputation we have in the marketplace with the all-better (32:13) franchise.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I think relative to the flu, I mean, we've anticipated some of it. I talked about the second peak. So it's one element in total medical costs, and we have seen that there tend to be offsets. And I think part of the benefit of our scale and size and the population we serve, Josh, is that we do get offsets. And I've said there is a little headwind on the flu. We recognize it, we monitor it carefully. We've had flu prevention programs and things. In some states it's higher than others. We see where it is higher it's a function of physician cost and some Tamiflu and some testing for the flu. So it's more the ambulatory-type costs that we're seeing on it, which is much more manageable.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think I commented earlier on there are some legislative constraints. I might also comment, Josh, we encourage states to do what we do in Texas. We really like that program. We'll get the actuarially sound rates. We have the highest quality scores there, and they see that we're very efficient with the – when you're, say, giving them checks for $100 million and that, which is a very balanced way to do it versus just cutting across the board. And so I think you'll hear states talk about it as they go through budgets and things, but I'm not making any decisions on the basis that that's going to happen.
Michael F. Neidorff: I might just add, Sarah, that we book a higher number even in what may be calculated, just in the interest of abundance of conservatism.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, sure, Kevin. I think our population, we have really focused on sticking to our knitting, as the cliché goes, we're very focused on a given level of socioeconomic that's consistent with our population. And that population gets full reimbursement or full coverage for those costs. And so therefore, it's not a question of them having to join or what it's going to cost them because they get the coverage. And so we said it will have a minimal effect on us, we won't say it won't have any, but I think our growth in the overall marketplace and how we're executing on it, we see no reason why that's going to change in 2019. And as I said, the individual mandate, it has very little impact because of the level of coverage our population will receive.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think just the overall impact of the plans and what we're able to offer and once again, the socioeconomic coverage. I mean, the premium subsidies are in the legislation, so when they did away with the CSRs, our population continued to be able to enroll with subsidies through the premium. Now it's been well publicized; it'll cost the government more money that way. And that's why I think they're going to reconsider CSRs going forward. So as people came out and wanted the coverage, the population we serve still had the premium subsidies to protect them.
Michael F. Neidorff: I'll add a little more color to it. At a conference in January, I estimated 1,450,000 people, but what's happened here is you typically would see in the 70s conversion for most people to sign up and actually pay a premium. Well in this particular year, we had a whole lot more people. I'm not going to get super specific, but we had a much higher percentage convert and pay the premium. And so when you see that happening, it says they wanted the insurance and it gives you some confidence that it's going to stick.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I would say that as we said at our Investor Day and I'll restate it that everything we've seen, the profile of the membership is basically where we have historically received in that. There was a few percent shift from the silver to the bronze, but other than that, the gender, age, every aspect of it is consistent with what we historically have attracted.
Michael F. Neidorff: No, I would say that we are what we are. We're basically the Medicaid coverage. We have some Medicare now that is also looks to those traditional providers, and we're not going to try and be more than that. Now I want to remind people, while we're the, in some markets, the only exchange product, there are other individual products that may be available through some insureds-type products. But from an exchange standpoint, no, there's been no pressure from the states, and we would be very quick to resist any pressure to change and move away from what is our traditional membership.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think there's several factors. We've been satisfied that we're continuing to build the Medicare as we did the early stages of the exchange products, and we're sticking to that methodical growth and being very careful about it. And it's growing at said (49:23) levels. And it's not just that, it's between now and the end of the year because once again there's programs to enroll individuals as they become age eligible to move into Medicare. So that aspect of it is not a problem. Relative to the crosswalk, that's not been fully defined, and we continue to talk to CMS about the calculations and how they reach the level of our Stars. And there was some double jeopardy. And I remind everybody, this was before Centene owned Health Net that this all occurred. So we're working through it, and I think we're finding that CMS is listening to our arguments. And it still has a little ways to play out.
Michael F. Neidorff: Oh, I think we will have some clarity in the very near future. But 2019, we'll look at our bids, what's appropriate to bid, not just based on that.
Michael F. Neidorff: Let me just – I want to be very careful. This is a one-year issue for 2019, and that's the benefit of having our scale and size. When you're a $62 billion company, you can look at it and say there are offsets to that one year. And so as I look at it, if it was a multiple year and a big issue, then it would be something else. But right now it's well within our scope of copability.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, we're working carefully with the states and talking about it. I want to be careful when I'm talking to states that they don't hear about something that they haven't announced. But I will tell you this, on the work, I'm an advocate of it. When we do what we do, we look at what's sound public policy, and looking at where we are and what's affordable and where things are, I think it would be very important to do that. And as they become successful in the workforce, they can move over and join our exchange program.
Michael F. Neidorff: Sure. First, I'll tell you that those are negotiations between the cardinal and seven other archbishops and so I want to be very careful to not interject myself in the middle of it. That we're going to pay them $3.75 billion for the business and I'm not going to increase that, okay? Now if they decide they want to pay a little bit more, which might make sense from their perspective, to get the balance of that money, great. So I think at this point, I'm going to let them and the Governor and the AG's office have that negotiation. I know it's ongoing. And the best thing I can do is stay out of it. Because we're working through the other side of it very effectively and we're pleased with how that's going. Chris Koster has been driving that for us. He's a former AG here in Missouri who has joined our staff, and is very effective in dealing with regulatory issues. So I'm trying to be as diplomatic as I can and tell you that I think the church has every interest to get this done because are they better off getting nothing or some significant portion of the $3.75 billion. I think the difference between the $750 million you quoted and I'm not going to give any credence to that and the $375 million is a mere $375 million.
Michael F. Neidorff: So it's the matter of some negotiations where they say they have a foundation that owns the plan so to speak, in a manner of speaking. And so it's now converting from that asset to a cash, and the state may see this as an opportunity in discussions to say we should get some small portion of that, and that's fine. But it's very different than an Empire conversion, and it's just very distinctly different.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I want to thank you all for your participation, and I look forward to talking to you. I'll close by saying that I think the team is very optimistic. We believe that the company is in a good place with a lot of assets that we can continue to serve our investors well. So look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
