Ken Fasola: Thank you, Dave. Next week, I will reach the one-year mark since joining Magellan. When I arrived, job one was to stabilize the business and rationalize the strategy. The four overarching business priorities we quickly put in place have not changed: first, honor and deliver on our commitments; second, execute on operational transformation initiatives to reduce our cost structure and improve efficiency, reliability and effectiveness; third, accelerate innovation to create compelling, contemporary and competitive new solutions for the market; and fourth, build a robust engine for growth across our businesses. As we look ahead over the medium term, we'll continue to focus on these four pillars. With the advent of our decisions to sell our managed Medicaid business to Molina and to exit Medicare Part D as a plan sponsor, we began to pivot back to payer services. As a result of those important decisions, we will generate approximately $40 per share in cash proceeds, creating meaningful value for our shareholders. As we focus Magellan forward, our business consists of payer solutions that are centered around the following high-growth and difficult-to-manage areas of health care: behavioral health, specialty health, pharmacy management. Our solutions and the products and services that flow from them are focused on delivering a lower total whole person cost of care, better clinical outcomes and an overall better experience for our members. With these solutions in mind, we're energized to share with key stakeholders the answer to the question why Magellan. Our points of differentiation across our solutions will be anchored in the following capabilities: first, robust data analytics and insights. This capability enables us to identify and predict impactful intervention opportunities, quantify the impact of those interventions, create value-based partnerships with providers and pharmacists and identify opportunities for new products and solutions. Second, digital tools and capabilities; this capability enables us to improve member, provider and client engagement to drive behavior changes through user-friendly digital tools that create utility for all stakeholders, automate and streamline data collection and sharing that drives effective intervention and deliver care through digital assets. Third, personalized clinical programs and solutions; this capability enables us to move to personalized evidence-based high-quality care, partner with the provider community to drive adoption of clinical protocols, leverage key opinion leader think tank as an asset to realize continuous improvement on clinical standards. And fourth, market-leading availability and access to high-quality care; this capability enables us to become the partner of choice for providers, develop high-performance networks, deliver care through both digital and community-based assets. Implied in this differentiation will be a relentless focus on execution, data and insights and superior strategic relationship management that's embraced by the entire Magellan organization. We're making great progress on this journey, and I look forward to updating you again when we report our fourth quarter results. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for your questions.
Ken Fasola: Kevin, this is Ken. Thanks for the question, and I hope you're well. I'll let Dave jump in and give you his thoughts for that, and then I'll build as necessary.
Ken Fasola: Yes. I can start, and Dave can certainly jump in. I would probably draw you more to some of the MLR provisions embedded in some of those agreements, which put a little downward pressure. So there wasn't any extraordinary losses and offset by, I think, good growth considering where we came from, and we're building real momentum there. So I'd point you more towards provisions inside of some existing contracts, which put downward pressure on revenue as opposed to any substantial losses that weren't previously talked about.
Ken Fasola: Yes. Kevin, you're breaking up a little bit, but I assume -- let me pare it back and make sure I captured the essence of your question. So you're asking about longer-term outlook beyond 2021 with respect to growth trajectory. And I'm assuming that's across all of our businesses.
Ken Fasola: Yes. So I -- one of the things I know we've committed to and we're building, I think, a good business case around proof points with respect to the progress we're making around reimagining our businesses. I'll take them each individually. So as you think about behavioral health, obviously, the pandemic has intensified the impact on behavioral and mental health, and the conversations we're having are really important, with large payers, around ways to energize this recognition that managing the whole person. And the impact behavioral health is having on that, I think, is creating an opportunity for us to get more granular with respect to the kind of things we're doing, not only in Virginia, which we branded Magellan Connect, but that we're beginning to build the capabilities to expand more rapidly nationwide. And so I also think the work Jim Murray did to quickly consolidate our behavioral health and EAP businesses is providing a forum for us to talk to Fortune 500 and Fortune 50 customers particularly, around their growing concern about the impact on their employees of the elongated pandemic, the challenges of societal issues are impacting and the growing concern that has on their own employee well-being. And so the program I mentioned that we're building quickly, leveraging our experience with -- in the military in Magellan Federal. Just another example, I think of some things that we can do where the pipeline and the procurement cycle is a little more accelerated than what we've normally seen in traditional BH RFPs. And so -- and then with the advent of what we're doing with the digital front door, Livongo and Kaden to strengthen our vMAT, telehealth and another extension of our collaborative care capabilities I think help make that narrative even stronger. Specialty health business, we're knee-deep in a couple of big implementations right now as we lean into the first of the year, a really well-run business for us, where I think we've got some real momentum as well. And then if I pivot to Pharmacy, we've had really strong new business performance in our specialty Rx business this year, including formulary management, the medical pharmacy management, so -- driven by new logos. And we're up-selling inside of existing client relationships. So I think that continued focus and a new focus around oncology and oncology support products are going to provide an increased opportunity to build the kind of momentum as we move into 2022. And so while we point to 2022 -- the 2022 selling season, remember, that builds all through 2021 given the procurement cycles in each of these businesses. And lastly, we had said in earlier calls that we were actually pleased to see that the pipeline with respect to our BSH businesses was -- or the RFP processes weren't as delayed versus pharmacy, where we think there was a three-four-month lag, let's say, in procurement tied to the pandemic. And I guess I'd add one more point, which is the -- and we mentioned this in the call script. I'm extremely pleased that our PBA renewed 100% of the cases. And there's some new RFPs that are out there as well, and I think we're really positioned well to compete. So those are just a couple of proof points and -- that we hope demonstrate that we're keenly focused on growth into '21 and '22.
Ken Fasola: Actually, I'll make a couple of comments there. And I -- this has been really not only important, but really exciting as we think about the pivot we're making. As I said on the earlier calls, one of the things we don't have to do is to prove that our payer partners are challenged by the growing impact of behavioral and mental health on total cost of care. And so it saves a lot of time when you walk in and start those conversations. We've pivoted to having more C-suite and more strategic conversations with existing, prior and what we hope will be future payer customers around this growing challenge and again, the fact that it's been intensified by the pandemic. And so we're on -- we're actually right where we wanted to be with respect to the addition of new sales talent. We've probably -- we filled 1/3 already. We've got 1/3 that offers are in hand. We started the first training program actually last week. And we're hiring experienced professionals, not only domain-specific experience with respect to our solution sets and lines of business, but also really experienced and deep with -- individuals with deep relationships in very specific channels. And those include really direct outreach to a lot of our largest customers who, again, are eager to look for creative ways and -- to deal with the growing total cost of care challenge. And integrating, again, the behavioral health, specialty health and EAP capabilities that exist in the company has really been well received. And so again, some of those conversations are starting off cycle, which we're encouraged by. And I think that's just a function of existing challenges and demand among those large employers. And there's -- I recently saw there was an RFP that came out in one of our larger states targeted directly at child mental health. And I think you're going to see more of that as people begin to step back and reflect on some of these, again the challenges of both suicidal and pandemic-oriented issues with respect to substance use disorder and related mental health issues.
Ken Fasola: Yes. Listen, thank you very much. We apologize for the need to delay today's call, and we continue to wish everyone the best as we continue to power through these unique times in and around the pandemic. We continue to appreciate your support, and stay well.
David Bourdon: Kevin, thanks for the question. So as far as that macro statement on revenue and segment profit growth, just think of that as that's a macro statement. Don't think of that as in addition -- like for the earnings to be necessarily in addition to. We'll update you on more detail as we -- on 2021 once we get to fourth quarter. In regards to your math, maybe one adjustment. So if you think about, yes, the $155 million as the midpoint of our guide for this year, you'd add about $25 million for the stranded overhead that we'll take out. And then you add the net of those tailwinds and headwinds.
David Bourdon: And just to pile on to that. Look, we know the investor community would like us to provide long-term strategic growth targets on revenue, segment profit and EPS. And that's consistent with how we'd like to operate, and we're working towards that. And we'll do that at an appropriate time, which will be after we get through this transitional phase and have demonstrated on some of the key areas that Ken just noted.
David Bourdon: Yes. I mean just to reinforce what Ken said. I mean we take protecting our members' and clients' information very seriously, and that's why we're making the investment to harden our environment. Dave, I'd have you think of this as, while there's certainly some onetime charges in there, I would -- I'd consider this to be run rate going forward.
David Bourdon: Sure, yes. Dave, I'll unpack that a little bit. There were a few questions in there. So let's start with the pharmacy piece. So as you noted, big step-up sequentially in segment profit. We're really pleased with the performance of the pharmacy business. Having said that, that result is consistent with our expectations. Within the Pharmacy segment, our 2020 guidance contemplated a higher weighting of segment earnings, like almost 60% of the year to be in the second half, with the third quarter being the highest because we are going to see a ramp in the Medi-Cal implementation costs as we get closer to the start of that contract. To your question around the specifics in the quarter, we -- on a sequential basis, we had highlighted in the second quarter a few unusual onetime items related to PDP claims and some unfavorable customer settlements. And in the third quarter, we experienced stronger specialty trends, which Ken noted and also received benefit from some new business. So those are the primary drivers as you think about it from a sequential basis in Pharmacy. In regards to start-ups -- start-up costs for Medi-Cal, I think in the $5 million to $10 million range is what we'll see in fourth quarter and one of the reasons why the -- sequentially, the segment profit will be going down from Q3 to Q4. In regards to Healthcare, a big step-down in segment profit sequentially. And that was -- having said that, it was generally consistent with our expectations as well. The sequential decline was largely driven by higher utilization in both specialty and behavioral care as compared to the second quarter as well as the impact of some minimum MLR thresholds in some of our contracts. On specialty utilization, as you're aware, we saw a lot of favorability in the first half of the year, and we've now seen that return to normal level in the third quarter, and we expect that to continue throughout the remainder of the year. From a behavioral perspective, we did not see that same level of favorable utilization in the first half. As a matter of fact, it ran pretty much at normal pre-COVID levels. We were expecting or our -- we were expecting it to move up to levels higher than pre COVID. And we did experience that in the third quarter, and we expect that to continue into the fourth quarter. So those were the primary reasons why we had a step-up -- or a step-down for that matter in segment profits from second quarter to third quarter.
