Brent Layton: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning. We are pleased to have made so much progress in 2022 both organizationally and operationally. While some of the benefits will take time to materialize externally, the internal advancements are tangible. There in the third quarter, we received results from several RFPs. In August, we received mixed results in California as we are were awarded contracts in nine counties including San Diego. We have also been awarded a sole source contract in Imperial County. As Sarah mentioned, we've appealed the state's notice of awards, and we'll provide updates on the process as appropriate. In August, we were also informed of our successful bid to continue to serve the state of Mississippi's Medicaid managed care program, including entry into the chip program. We've been a part of the Medicaid program since its inception and are pleased to continue our relationship with the state. In another of our longstanding markets, we reprocured the Star Health Medicaid program at Texas. We've held this contracts since 2008, when in collaboration with the Texas Health and Human Service Commission and the Department of Family and Protective Services. Our health plan Superior became the first managed care organization in the country to provide statewide sole source Medicaid coverage to children in foster care. To round out the quarter, we were fortunate to win the reprocurement of our statewide managed care contract in Nebraska. We look forward to continue to serve our membership in the Heritage Health program. In our existing Medicaid business, membership has increased to 15.7 million members at the end of third quarter and we continue to see an uptick in our fee activity. As the PHE has been extended to February, our Medicaid growth continues to be aided by the ongoing suspension of eligible redeterminations. As you heard me say before, whenever the PHE comes to a close, we'll continue to work with our state partners to support member transition and believe we are well-positioned to attract membership to our marketplace products. Our Ambetter product ended the quarter with 2.1 million members and remains on track to meet its margin goal for 2022. As the marketplace leader, we continue to ensure that Americans have financially affordable options for coverage, especially during times of disruption, such as the recent announcement of market exits by some of our competitors. We are working closely with our state partners to ensure these members have access to affordable coverage. We also see the extension of the enhanced advanced premium tax credits as fuel for additional growth during 2023 open enrollment period, which will begin in a few days. Consistent with our strategy and better health, we'll continue to pursue margin expansion through strategic membership growth and thoughtful pricing discipline. As we look to 2023, we've expanded our marketplace offerings to the state of Alabama, bringing this to 28 states. Additionally, we've added more than 60 new counties bringing this to over 1,500, which is over half the counties in the United States. We're also looking forward to the expansion of our Ambetter Health virtual access product, which we first launched here in 2022 open enrollment. This product supports affordable and convenient access to licensed virtual primary care providers as well as access to specialists and other support services. We will offer virtual access in nine new states for the upcoming open enrollment period bringing the product to 13 states in total. Our geographic and product expansion sale strategy, stable pricing, product offerings and operational strengths allow us to be optimistic about our positioning for 2023 open enrollment. In Medicare, we ended the quarter with over 1.5 million members. We have strong geographic growth for 2023 with WellCare product offerings available to 80% of the eligible Medicare population. We feel like 2023 products are in line with the expectations to support our low to mid single-digit growth expectations and continue to focus on member retention. Look forward to telling you more about our '23 outlook in December. In short, our core products continue to perform well. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Brent Layton: Yes, Josh, on the economics, I'm sure you can appreciate. We don't like disclosing sort of proprietary cost structure elements, but it did exceed our expectations, which I think you can surmise by our willingness to take on the operational challenge of moving. And that was sort of baked into the macro view I provided on 2024.
Brent Layton: There is no doubt that there is a great opportunity for us here. We've been in the exchange program from day 1. We've never exited. We've continued to provide strong provider networks, good customer service and very stable pricing with good distribution. So we do see this as an opportunity from the standpoint. At the same time, we think that there's; one, the membership that would potentially come over from some of our competitors were exiting, but also just overall growth as we head into the upcoming open enrollment. So we feel positive about the opportunities. We've spent many, many years working very closely with our state regulators, which have given us an opportunity to work through this challenge that they face as people have exited, but that partnership allows us also to continue to work on a daily basis of getting strong customer service.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks, Josh. So, first, I would say that we were very pleased with how competitive the process turned out to be and the fact that we had in multiple very good options. As we said, we were able to achieve savings exceeded expectations without feeling like we were sacrificing quality and execution. And we carried forward into the process all of the criteria that we talked about in earlier calls in terms of operational execution, level of partnership, a sense of quality performance, innovation. We have ahead of us significant operational undertaking, but I have to give major credit to our team for spending a lot of the time during the RFP process doing preparation work in order to give us maximum optionality in the consideration. So we're feeling good about moving forward with core services and the ability to continue to expand the relationship, if that makes sense.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Stephen, for the question. So it is -- we do see that goal of the 60% in Four-Star or at least 60% in Four-Star over the next three cycles. So keeping in mind the fact that Star results are released in October. And I think we see the progress over that time period to be sort of fairly equal steps and are, again, like I said, pleased with what we are seeing in terms of the real-time data that we're tracking and meaningful operational improvement over the course of 2022 so far.
Sarah London: And then in terms of timing on the appeal, the department is currently considering all of the appeals that have been submitted across RFP respondents. And the next step is what we consider to be a fairly procedural ruling. And then from there, we would move into the courts with a lawsuit.
Sarah London: And then on Stars, I would say there are probably three ways to think about mitigation. The first and most important is making sure that we position 2023 bids in order to maximize benefit stability across 2023 and 2024. And given that we had early visibility into headwind, we were able to do that. The second, of course, is creating the important tailwinds in 2024 in order to make up for the revenue hit. And then the most important one is making sure that our performance in Stars dates of service of 2022 as strong as possible so that we're creating maximum tailwinds for the Stars revenue as we head into 2025, as Drew referenced. And again, on that latter point, having the strong predictive data that allowed us to see the impending impact of the 2021 issue is equally giving us visibility to meaningful improvement in our operational performance on Star in 2022 so far.
Sarah London: Sorry, I was just going to add quickly on the recession point. It's hard to estimate exactly what the impact of that will be partly because we are still watching that trend. But in general, during a recession, more folks rely on the health safety net and managed care growth. And so that may be an input as we see what the overall impact of redeterminations is as they unfold.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks for the question. In general, we see the marketplace exit as an overall positive, but I'll let Brent walk through the why and how we're feeling about pricing and positioning.
Sarah London: Yes. And again, I think we've pointed in the past to the fact that the marketplace progression is a good proof of our ability to expand margin and still grow and innovate in a product line as well as being positioned to take advantage of market opportunities like we are in marketplace. So that is still the plan for 2023, and we feel good about how our bids are positioned for that. And then as we go through 2024, we're going to want to make sure that we reduce member abrasion that was part of how we designed the bids. And then as we look to 2025 and pick up the tailwinds of Star, the ability to revisit sort of the margin and growth balance on a go forward basis.
Sarah London: Yes, I can take the PBM question first and then kick it over to Drew on Florida. I think like I said, we were really happy with how competitive the process was. We thought everybody showed up with strong bids. Obviously, economics matter a lot. But we look across the whole slate of criteria. And it was really sort of the aggregate calculus that made the decision, not any one individual thing. Again, I think the market has good strong competition. We feel good about the go forward partnership and the ability to sort of innovate how our PBM functions are administered.
Sarah London: Thanks so much. Thanks, everyone, for your time this morning. Great questions. We look forward to seeing many of you at our December Investor Day and look forward to the opportunity to share more about Centene's strategy for long-term profitable growth. Have a great day.
Andrew Asher: Yes, I will take part one, Justin. As we sit here, 16 months removed from that first look into 2024 back in June of 2021, we obviously know a fair amount more than we did then. And so yes, what I covered was meant to capture everything we know now. And I think you pointed out the biggest swing factor, obviously, is California, a pretty sizable piece of business for us in L.A. and Sacramento and current counties. So that would be the swing factor of that $0.25 to $0.50. It's a net view, but that's the biggest swing factor that would get us back into that $7.50 plus.
Andrew Asher: Yes, on the PBM contract, it's a multiyear contract. And so you're right, we get the stair step benefit. Quite frankly, that we'd always anticipated. The concept of a stair step effect of 1/1/24 with either a renewal or a new PBM contract. And then we negotiate multiyear guarantees and inflators. And so think of it as sort of a gradual improvement thereafter. So over the next, call it, few years after the commencement of the contract.
Andrew Asher: Okay. Yes, two good questions. On the first one, yes, it's very customary as you pointed out, A.J., that the winning RFP PBM covers the transition costs. So there's a negotiated pool of cost coverage for the actual sort of operating and consulting cost and execution costs that will take during 2023 to convert as of 1/1/24. Quite frankly, similar concept we had back in 2015. And your second question, so yes, another 3 months go by, and we are targeting our construction of our forecast and our 2023 operating plan is assuming a 2/1 commencement of redeterminations, but that has moved since last quarter. So right now, if you look back at right before the pandemic, we've grown about 3 million members in Medicaid, a little over 3 million, so call it about $12.5 billion of revenue. And so the last time we talked, we were estimating $7 billion to $7.5 billion would be the amount that would be sort of given back due to redeterminations, bumped that up a little bit now to $7.5 billion to $8 billion. So it's about 62% of that revenue that we've gained. But as each quarter goes by, I think the long-term prognosis of the company, we benefit because we don't give back 100% of that incremental revenue we've grown, at least in our estimates. So the time has been really good to be able to work with the states to plan for not just ensuring that there's continuity of coverage for Medicaid recipients but also to make sure our marketplace business, which is well-positioned in '25 of our Medicaid markets to be the recipient of some of those members. Your question about '23 versus '24, based upon a 2/1 commencement date, the midpoint of that revenue is $7.75 billion, probably $4 billion to $4.5 billion of that would hit in '23 and then the balance largely in '24, but let's see what happens with the PHE date, and we'll have to update you if that moves.
Andrew Asher: Yes. In Florida, they never put in a COVID era risk corridor. And so I'm sure that was a consideration for them. But believe me, we pushed back on that. We didn't think that the minus 4.5% on behalf of the participants, the industry in Florida was appropriate. And the good news with Florida is historically they're very good listeners, and it's our job to show data. And if we can show the data mid cycle or certainly by 10/1/23, we get another buy at the Apple and Florida has been a great partner for us and really expect to have a continuing strong and economically viable arrangement in Florida in the long run.
Andrew Asher: Yes. If you go back, let me frame the answer in terms of what we shared with you at Investor Day, the 1.3% is what we had built in is our composite rate into the 2022 plan that we shared with you in December of 2021. That's closer to 0.9% to 1%, and most of that difference is Florida. So the rest of the portfolio is sort of in the zone of right on track.
Andrew Asher: Good question. So let me hit COVID first, then I'll get to your non-COVID, which I think is more of the line of your questioning. So COVID was slightly higher than Q2, which was, as you may recall, down from Q1. So -- and there was a very shallow peak in August. So really sort of consistent, slightly higher than Q2. The non-COVID, which is what you're asking about is really in line with normal seasonality and pre-COVID movements, like from Q2 to Q3. We don't see any signs of pent-up demand at the magnitude that we saw in 2021. And we also track a basket of potentially deferrable services, and that's flat to Q2. So pretty stable macro. And yes, there's a couple of pockets of continued, call it, minor suppression. I'd point to non-emergent ER still a little suppressed, which is good news, obviously. And then while we had a really good quarter in Medicare underneath that, I'd say, ER and urgent care are a little high, offset by a little bit favorable inpatient in Medicare. So just something we are watching in Medicare, but obviously, it didn't affect the aggregate results, which were really strong in Medicare in the quarter.
Andrew Asher: With the subsidies, think about our government programs business and the cost sharing that most of our members avail themselves of, I think it's probably a different population than if we had a national account business. So no -- yes, no signs of that yet.
Andrew Asher: All right. Let me see if I can remember all three questions. Almost all of it is the answer to your last question. We have about $40 billion plus or minus of gross spend and almost all of that is with Caremark. On Medicaid, yes, we are right on the nose. We are right at our expectation, both in our plan as well as our six plus six forecast, which is that midyear reforecast. So right on track on Medicaid. And in Medicare, pleased with the performance. There's a whole slate of clinical initiatives and call them sort of initiatives to help improve quality and the affordability of health care. And so it could be anything from clinical initiatives or provider contracting or execution on chart chase for risk adjustment. So it's sort of like the nuts and bolts execution that we've got a whole slate of initiatives that will continue to drive into all of our businesses. We just happen to do really well in Medicare so far this year.
Andrew Asher: Yes. We will talk a lot more at Investor Day about capital deployment. But yes, the third bucket of our value creation plan is always contemplated heavy deployment of share buyback, but debt management as well as you saw this quarter. We bought back 370 [ph] million face of our bonds for $300 million and cut out some future interest expense along the way. But we'll cover more of capital deployment at Investor Day. So the answer to your first question is yes, it's contemplated in that -- in the 2024 macro view I provided. And then, I guess, since we've already sort of bless the current consensus. The answer to your second question, which is we've contemplated investments necessary to drive performance in our 2023 buildup, and we still expect margin expansion in Medicare for 2023.
Andrew Asher: Okay. The answer to your first question, it's really the beauty of having a very broad portfolio of multiple lines of business, being in 30 states now for Medicaid. I mean that helps a lot. So you're not ultra, ultra dependent on any single state, although Florida is a pretty big one for us. So I think it's the execution of the value creation plan and the levers that the team is pulling that has enabled us to power through that isolated item. And in the portfolio, there's things that are going to be better than you expected and things that won't come in exactly where you had expected. So we're pretty pleased to be able to still be targeting that low sixes zone for 2023. On redeterminations, we continue to look at the data, sort of nothing different than what we've said in past earnings calls at our June Investor Day. I don't want to minimize that as an important lever that we will be tracking. It's our job to educate states and provide data to the extent that a rate modification would be necessary in a post redetermination world. So there's work to do in there, but we are ready to do so. I think I described on the prior call, we've got -- we've actually developed a common template across all of our health plans. We've got the data sources available and we are ready to go in and make the arguments and we've warmed up our state partners to acknowledge that it's going to be something that they are going to track also. So I don't want to minimize that as either a risk or something that we really have to work hard to execute on, but we are ready, and our state partners are generally good listeners.
Andrew Asher: Yes, I think we are going to assume it's going to be a blend. I mean, there are some pockets where we do expect some normalization. But when I say pent-up demand, it's really the sort of the flood that we saw in Q2 of 2021, especially in the marketplace. And we don't expect something like that to occur again. Providers have become very resilient of managing through and we saw that in Omicron. They were able to manage through that very well without any residual meaningful pent-up demand coming out of that Q1, early Q1 Omicron variants. So we are going to make forward trend assumptions that we think about not just future COVID costs, future COVID vaccine costs, but also sort of flu normal trend, a normal flu season meaning sort of a pre-COVID era flu season. So all of that is fungible and our forward estimates of trend. But yes, we are thinking about sort of all of those legs of the stool.
Andrew Asher: And then on Florida, yes, the cake is baked for the 10/1 sort of rate change. But my reference was we are constantly reviewing data with not just the state representatives but also their actuaries and we will continue to do so over the next year. And then we expect the renewal of that rate no later than 10/1/23. One question you didn't ask, but we've got a couple of notes coming in on just to be clear on the $0.25 to $0.50 is net of the tailwinds that I laid out. So that was a macro overall view of 2024, where this team, we are committed to driving to the $7.50 plus, but we also have -- we don't have perfect information, including California. And that view is net of tailwinds, but it includes headwinds such as Star.
