Michael Neidorff: Texas, September 1. Florida, September 1. Jesse? And Georgia, which is July 1 and is always retroactive.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, it really is a direct pass-through. It has absolutely no earnings impact. That’s why we really when you look at our statements, as Bill said, the revenue . . .
Michael Neidorff: It’s fair to say we’re in ongoing discussions. And don’t expect to see anything immediate. Some of it may be based on their fiscal year. So we’ll just continue to talk to them and respond to their questions and (inaudible). 
Michael Neidorff: I think a lot of depends on the states, and the governors and the election timetable. Are they up for reelection in November, or are they on a different cycle? There’s a lot of variables there. But I think clearly they recognize that the FMAP will, they have to wean themselves from it. And the states we’re talking to clearly recognize that and are talking more aggressively about moving to managed care as the alternative to save the necessary funds.
Michael Neidorff: No, I don’t think that’s the issue. We’re really just working with the states and what we’re finding is, because of some of the systems, the fact that we have real time data, virtually every day that we can look back on. We’re supplying this to the states, our actuaries are working with theirs and trying to get to the right answer. So I don’t think it’s FMAP.
Michael Neidorff: It’s never done until it’s done, but all indications are that it’s more rational than some what people recently thought.
Michael Neidorff: That’s a great point because we’ve been saying for some time now that that money will come to an end and when some of the states that are recognizing and seeing the activity are dealing with that. But I think they would need a minimum of six months to start to, to get things in place. If they started right now from a dead start it would probably be a minimum of six months, but some of these states we’ve been talking to they haven’t been sitting still. They’ve been starting to work through a process. We talked to one state where they said they’re looking at RFPs and things of that nature.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. Some have been, and others it’s just what we’re seeing is they recognize when we show them the data we have that there are some issues. And so we’re not asking for, in all cases, vastly greater rates. We just want to, here’s what’s a responsible rate to keep things in an actuarially sound position.
Michael Neidorff: There’s cost sharing they do, there’s just really, we call it a hybrid because it’s really just as Jesse said between the Medicaid and commercial and it’s how they design and what features they put in will drive that, Scott.
Michael Neidorff: We’ve said that we see margins going forward in the 3-5% range, so I think they will contribute in that range.
Michael Neidorff: We usually let the states announce who has entered. That’s just a safer position to take. It avoids a lot of speculation.
Michael Neidorff: As a (inaudible) assumption, that’s what we’re working with the state on. And I want to emphasize though it’s 20,000 lives, so we’re working with them on it, we’re putting attention to it, but it is 20,000 lives, on a lower-premium product.
Michael Neidorff: I think an important factor, John is that this is not a matter of a payment that’s in dispute in any way. This is non-disputed cash, which is essential, is just the state deciding on the timing. I know last December, I remember in January we talked on the year-end call that we had gotten all this strong cash flow, that it would impact the first half of ’10 and maybe longer. So I mean it’s the same kind, if we get paid June 30, as you know, if we get paid June 30 or July 1 it’s how it’s reported on the quarter but it’s still the same company with the funds in the bank.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah, I’m not forecasting this is what will happen, but if one of the states, Georgia or Texas or somebody, says we’re going to pay you October 1 instead of September. That’s not something we really control.
Michael Neidorff: If we got that $100 million plus all normalized payments for the quarter and they didn’t drag in any others, it would be a cash-strong quarter. If we get $100 million and they drag fifty of it, it’s still a good quarter. You just can’t, it’s just not something easy, a lot has to do with how their tax revenue comes (inaudible).
Michael Neidorff: And with CMS approval they can drag their feet. The person could be on vacation. What’s important is did they get the rate, did they approve it? And they will retro it to July 1, which will help cash flow.
Michael Neidorff: John, you have an election. The governor’s termed out, and you have an election coming up and you’ll have a new governor absolutely for certain come January, and he’ll probably have some new people working for him. And that’s when you find out how they want to go about it. Anything I speculate now would be probably premature.
Michael Neidorff: I think what I would add to that is at some of the governor association meetings, governors approached us to get our thoughts and we talk to them about some benefit designs depending on the percentage of poverty level, about carving in the pharmacy, carving in behavioral and other things, and how, you know, alternatives around that, though there’s, though we’re kind of participating but at, and to draw on some of our experience we have a voice in it but ultimately they’ll decide what they want to carve in, what they want to carve out, and just how they want to go about it.
Michael Neidorff: You know it’s really interesting because I think there’s 12 or more states that have referendums where they’re saying they don’t want to participate at all in the state program. Missouri is one of them and there’s a vote August 3 that we’re looking at. And polls for what they’re worth at the moment are snapshots. So I think that states want to be able to manage it themselves, without the federal help unless the federal government is going to guarantee they’re getting all the money they need long term. What they’re worried about is unfunded mandates.
Michael Neidorff: I mean the states, while they get fussy on how you articulate it, the reality is they’re sitting down with us talking through how to make it work, showing us what they want. We’re looking at the language, they’re looking at the language. You know, you’re in the summer months and we, I’ve typically seen in other states, because I asked the same question Josh, when are we going to know, and they say well, you’re heading into August, and they don’t have a sense of urgency. They’re dealing with all enforced players. All three, so it’s really a re-up with the three, so it’s just a matter of getting through the technical side of it.
Michael Neidorff: We’re not seeing what they’re talking about in that context. I think I said earlier that these are states that have had plans, recognize the savings. It’s no secret, for example, that Georgia’s talked about bringing in SSI membership, doing an RFP in that some time, so they’re looking at their alternatives to expanding the markets. Oh and they’re focused on the medical cost trends and actuarial soundness.
Michael Neidorff: I think we’ve seen the weaning process now, as I just talked about, in these states. We did take our guidance on margins from 4-6 to 3-5. They want to see the plans be actuarially sound. You have to have given reserves and so they recognize that the insurance division talks to HHS and says keep these people healthy or else we’re going to have far bigger problems, so it’s very iterative and there’ll be pressures but I don’t think it’s any different than what we’re seeing right now.
William Scheffel: I think that’s just really just a function of the processing at the end of a quarter. We try to pay the high-dollar claims and get those out quicker and the level of inventory can vary from month to month-end. Nothing special about it.
William Scheffel: I think a couple of things to maybe mention there. The volatility in the premium taxes is one reason why we focus on premium service revenues as our measure of revenue growth. In the second quarter of 2009, for example, Wisconsin paid us about $84 million for what they call their hospital tax assessment, which we then turn around and pay out to the hospitals. And that was almost a year’s worth of payments received in the second quarter of 2009. And in the second quarter of 2010 they paid us even less than the normal run rate that we would have anticipated, and so a lot of that is just dictated by when they pay us the amounts. So Wisconsin has a higher rate than most other states so that shows some volatility in the premium taxes and going forward we would expect them to go back to their normal process and run rate, but again that’s subject to actually how they manage that.
William Scheffel: I think that the costs will be higher in the third quarter because we didn’t incur the costs in the second quarter but we’ve been working with the state on the startup date and all of the functions that need to be ready to go at that point in time and until they had done a couple of things on their end we weren’t actually ready to ramp it up. That’s now in full, full speed ahead, so that’s all occurring right now and so there’ll be costs that you normally incur prior to the first day of generating revenue, which is you have to build the staff and have the offices ready to go, in advance of, before you generate revenue. So those will all be incurred higher level. The $0.03 that we benefitted in the quarter two we expect to expend in quarter three along with other amounts that we previously intended.
William Scheffel: I think also CMS, they have to submit rates that are approved by CMS, they have to go through a process and until that’s all completed we really don’t have final rates.
William Scheffel: I think that the 40% tax rate is our blended rate for 2010, which reflects the $1.7 million in write off we took on the Georgia NOL. So if you took that out of there we think our underlying tax rate would probably closer to 38%, 38.2%, somewhere in that range. So that’s probably the rate that we would expect to see for example in the second half of the year, but for the whole year it will be close to 40%.
Jesse Hunter: I would say Brian that we have three products at this point between the ComCare program, the Bridge program, and then the ComChoice program, as you know ComChoice is the most recent and therefore the smallest population. ComCare has continued to grow because we are the low-cost producer within that product. And Bridge has been relatively stable. So as it stands right now, I would say Bridge is the biggest, but not really growing. The growth that we’re seeing is in the ComCare product.
Jesse Hunter: So I would say, it’s hard to tell obviously at this point given the variability of benefit design and some of the other things in these programs but by definition these are going to be somewhere in between a Medicaid program and a commercial program and I would expect that the premiums would be somewhere in between a Medicaid, you know paying a premium and a commercial premium.
Jesse Hunter: I mean it’s hard to put a number on it I would say at this point. If a state is going to kind of design a richer benefit I would expect the premiums to be higher than that.
Jesse Hunter: I would say that we’re intimately aware of the activities in Louisiana and we continue to look at all states and evaluate if these are good opportunities for us.
Jesse Hunter: I think generally we would not, we don’t comment on our decisions in our states before we actually enter the states.
Jesse Hunter: It’s kind of both I would say. So there was a removal, or a reinstatement of auto-assignment in the second quarter of, calendar second quarter of 2010. At this point, in the context, as Michael mentioned, of the state budget, they’re reevaluating the auto-enrollment for the current quarter, so third quarter, of 2010.
Jesse Hunter: I would expect continue. Given our cost position in the market, I would consider there to be a slow but consistent increase in our ComCare enrollment.
Jesse Hunter: The current contract was renewed from July 1, 2010 through June 30, 2011. We’re working with the state on the funding for that contract and any implications on time.
Jesse Hunter: I think they’re ready to seek CMS approval. How long that will take is unclear. I would hope and expect to see it in the third quarter but can’t be positive.
Jesse Hunter: Josh, this is Jesse. So I think there’s a few things, we’ve talked about it a little bit at Investor Day, just kind of a refresher on some of the highlights. I think, you know, as we’re looking at the structure, I think in a lot of the exchanges are we talking about, you know, what is the platform if you will? Is it going to be primarily a Medicaid platform, or a commercial platform? And so I think that one of the big variables there is the composition of the network and the reimbursement of the network. So network is going to be one of the key variables I think as we look at the model and particularly in the context of how do you try to manage costs within the exchange program. So obviously there are certain network strategies and network reimbursements that would impact the underlying cost structure. Benefit design and flexibility of benefit design is going to be another key variable. So what is going to be articulated by the state or the entity who is managing the exchange and then what is flexible, and what is kind of available for the participants in the exchange to create or modify the benefit design. So I think those are the two that I would put towards the top of the list as we’re looking at the various states and alternatives and discussions that we are participating in this state-based exchange rule-making process.
Thomas Carroll: Great, and then Michael, follow up on your comment about FMAP extension. Do you believe, as you reach out and talk to states, do you believe that states have a plan A versus a plan B if you will? Would they rather just have more money or are they really going to do something, if FMAP is not extended, differently than perhaps you expect right now.
Thomas Carroll: Is the fact that this FMAP extension is not finalized yet, is that preventing you from making further comments about upcoming rates, like Texas, like Florida, like Georgia? I think you’ve given us a little more clarity on second quarter rates.
Thomas Carroll: The primary thing there is we receive, Access Health Solution receives certain performance incentives based on the results of their medical experience in Florida and that’s usually on a 9-12 month lag, and so they receive some of their performance bonus money in the second quarter, which there would be no associated cost with that, and so that was the primary reason for the increase on the service revenue.
Thomas Carroll: Right. Two things I would say. The states paid us in advance in 2009, so we had a very strong cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter of 2009, and for all of 2009, and I think it was like 2.8 times earnings in 2009. So obviously if we got $92 million in 2009 that was not paid to us in this year at the June 30 quarter end. The $57 million was deferred from June until July. We received that in the first few business days of July and it’s all in the bank by I think July 7. The real question on cash flow is what the states are going to do at any quarter end, so at September 30 or December 31 will they pay us an advance or not? I have no way of telling whether at December 31, 2010 we would receive another $92 million at year end like we did last year or whether we got it the first week of January. So that’s the issue, is just the variations at any quarter end in terms of what the states will do.
Thomas Carroll: We will even out in the second half of the year we believe. We’ve got the $57 million we said which was not paid at June 30 but again the $92 million we received in 2009, related to 2010, was benefitted in 2009.
Thomas Carroll: It’s part of the state’s budgeting system and in all honesty we would prefer they push it back a week or something rather than have lower rates, so . . .
Thomas Carroll: Well we’re minus $100 million roughly going into the third quarter so we’d have to make all of that up. We do expect to have a strong cash flow quarter but whether we make up the whole $100 million that we were short for the first six months, we’ll have to wait and see on that.
Thomas Carroll: As I said I think at Investor Day, this is really, it’s not even an economic issue because it’s a matter of days that they defer the payments in most cases, so it’s really more just the metric for cash flow that’s impacted.
Chris Rigg: I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the Healthy Indiana program and how we should expect that to ramp and a little bit of the specifics there, whether there’s an auto-assignment component to it, or if people have to select you guys to utilize your plan.
Chris Rigg: And then just looking at the P&L here in the quarter. The service revenues had ticked up sequentially and it looks like the cost of those services had come down sequentially. I’m just wondering if you could explain the dynamic there and what happened on the cost side in particular.
Chris Rigg: And then my last question again goes back to FMAP. Michael, you had commented that you’ve obviously been having proactive discussions with the states and what you would do in the event that you don’t get the moneys renewed. In your opinion, having a six-month fix, if you just get something through June, does that really materially solve the problem or do you think that the states need a longer-term solution? And if they need to be weaned of that money how much time do they need to get to where they need to be or at this point it’s just . . .
Mark Eggert: Yes. So there’s going to be an open enrollment period in fourth quarter for the January 1 start date, so members will have to choose us. And we’re the new player, so we’re going to be engaged in a lot of activities to encourage that choice, but I think we expect it to be a fairly slow ramp. 
Mark Eggert: Well there’s two other players. I’m sorry, I’m looking at my notes. It’s 50,000 potential in the region. Two other players. We’re still working on developing the network there, so a little hard to anticipate what membership we’ll get at this point.
Mark Eggert: The state is still talking with all the plans, so I would think in the next several weeks, but we don’t have a hard date.
Scott Green: Could you update us on your interest in the Louisiana market. There’s no RFP there so I think health plans need to start building networks there sometime soon if they’re interested.
Scott Green: Okay, so maybe could you help us out directionally just on your enrollment outlook in the state there. Do you think it should continue to slowly rise like it did this quarter, or . . .
Scott Green: But your understanding is now it’s still in place and should be in place through the end of the year at least.
