Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think we'll give you a full update on December 18, when we give the full guidance for 2016, Josh.
Michael F. Neidorff: As we said back in June that the guidance we gave was initial and what we had visibility at that time, and that it tends to be above what that number is by the time it unfolds in December. So yeah, it's fair to say that there is some upside on it.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think when you think about it, if I may just add to it, when the rates are inadequate, we expect the states to make the adjustments, and in isolated instances where they are high, we would not complain or have any concern with them adjusting it accordingly. So it's a matter of having a fair balance rate.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah, what we're saying is that we have completed filings with the state, and the word "essential" is there because that does not mean that they cannot come back and ask for another – or make a request for one bit of information or something. So that was just – say, absolutely complete, Brian. They are complete, but it left room for a state to ask a question obviously.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I don't want to talk, as I commented at the beginning, I don't want to talk a lot about this whole process. But where the states require hearings they are being scheduled, and we'll follow all the process to completion. And that's probably all I should say about it at this point.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think it's important that they have made significant progress. And Florida has demonstrated in the past, where there is a demonstrated need and it's substantiated, they will work with us on it. So we're very encouraged.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think to say yes or no is difficult. At any given time when you have the number of contracts you do, I think we have 280 solutions right now, across our 23 states. You're always going to have something, but the benefit of having the diversity we do is that there is – we have offsets to it. So, right now as we look at it, there is no major issues that raise a concern.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah I mean you have some that are re-procurements and you have North Carolina, so it would be brand new. So, it's going to take, as Jesse highlighted, a different approach.
Michael F. Neidorff: And we kind of like it in the sense that these rebate programs where we get actuary sound rates. And then HETA's reports show the high quality, and we show we are efficient through the refunds. So it's a good combination.
Michael F. Neidorff: You know, I think you'll get the full detail – much more detail in December. Cindy Brinkley is heading up the integration. And I think speaking behalf of the whole management team and the board, that we're very pleased with the progress and how it's going. And as I commented in my remarks, the Health Net people are fully engaged in and participating, and it's moving down the line very well and we expect to hit the ground running when it closes.
Michael F. Neidorff: But we like the fact that we can show how efficient we are, because we have high – and it's gained us a lot of balance within the states.
Michael F. Neidorff: In my prepared remarks, I commented that a year-over-year increase of about 250,000 members Medicaid.
Michael F. Neidorff: The rule we probably stated, we think it's balanced and appropriate, without the actuarial soundness of the rates by sales. So I'm not going to say it's negative or positive. We were in favor of it and we support it. So as soon as they do it the better.
Michael F. Neidorff: We have three plans, one which is larger than the others, and so how they deal with that is yet to be determined as well. So, I mean I think the two at 30% are in a better position than those at 40%.
Michael F. Neidorff: We thank you for your continued interest and thoughts and look forward to December 18 and in the subsequent year-end conference calls. So, happy holidays.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think that certainly Medicaid expansion rates are going to be trued up against the experience and the experiences is emerging. I think that in several states, the Medicaid expansion programs are in a rebate position. So you've got to look at rate changes on a net basis, in the context of where the programs are against minimum loss ratios. So we don't expect a significant adverse movement or deterioration in HBRs in Medicaid expansion going forward, based on what we're seeing at this point, in terms of rate changes for the programs.
William N. Scheffel: No, we did not. The filing date for that would have been some time ago, and we did not file for any expansion except for minor expansion in our dual special needs plan in Arizona for service counties.
William N. Scheffel: Yeah, that's primarily – we transferred dollars out of the medical claims payable to accounts payable, based on certain amounts we have to pay back to a couple of our states for a variety of programs including the rebates.
William N. Scheffel: I just wanted to add that Virginia is actually an exception and not intending to extend their dual demonstration program. I believe all of our states and actually California have filed letters of intent. So I think there's still certainly the desire to want to give these programs more time to be able to improve and develop that's shared across the states that we participate in.
William N. Scheffel: Florida MMA is improving in terms of its performance. The state did set new rates for the program effective September 1, and those rates have helped move the program to a more sustainable kind of level where it should be closer to the state rating. Also, we've continued to push initiatives to improve our HBRs. So we're seeing some good improvement in terms of the MMA program in Florida.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, the management of the pharmacy remains one of the bigger issues that's still outstanding that we're trying to continue to have a dialogue with the state about what's the best way to go forward from the state's perspective and the managed care organization's perspective, so that remains a key issue.
William N. Scheffel: I think that clearly our guidance adjustment this quarter end – for this quarter is, after three quarters, we're giving full year. So you could pretty much focus on that differential being the fourth quarter. And so we've tightened number of those ranges, just because it's pretty wide for just one quarter. Overall, the increase reflects third quarter results which were good and above our original expectations. And I think Q4 includes, as we said, about a $0.05 of G&A costs related to additional enrollment costs for the 2016 health insurance marketplace. So it's a combination of increase in revenues and the costs and we've added Oregon in affective the beginning of September. So there's variety of things that make up the total. Nothing specific I would point to.
William N. Scheffel: I don't think there is anything special. There is a little bit of seasonality that we have from time-to-time in the specialty companies, but it's nothing that changes it overall.
William N. Scheffel: No, nothing that I think that's special. I think we've certainly seen a lot more in the more recent years of dealing with the minimum HBRs in the states, and a lot of the new programs have those. And tends to be the ones – the Medicaid expansion are well-funded, so it tend to have more payable back to the states on those programs and ...
William N. Scheffel: Yeah, I think that – and that's one of the reasons we present that $48 million number is, so people understand that, when we have positive development, it doesn't necessarily all go back into earnings, it actually comes because the conservatism we have in the initial reserve setting, and then, at some level, that's payable back to the states for these programs, and we just thought that was good disclosure.
William N. Scheffel: No, I'd say it is lot of Medicaid expansion programs that contribute to that. You got to go back a year and figure out which programs we're doing that at that point in time, but I'd say Medicaid expansion is a good chunk of it.
William N. Scheffel: Sure. I think one of the significant items in that line is going to be our specialty pharmacy business, which has a lot of Hep C product there. And that, as we've seen is, I'll say somewhat plateauing in terms of – we saw significant growth last year in those products versus sort of plateau this year, and then there's a little bit of seasonality in some of the different lines that are included in there. So nothing unusual other than sort of the Hep C flattening out.
William N. Scheffel: I'd say it's in most states, they have these in their products and – or almost all of them, I mean, so it's across the board. And typically those programs are funded by the federal government, and we generally are running at or below the minimum HBRs in most of those states. So we have to accrue the amounts payable back on that.
William N. Scheffel: We don't really have a percentage of the total how much of the new 21% or whatever is Medicaid expansion or not between years, other than to say clearly between years Medicaid expansion continued to grow. Some of that rolls into existing after a year, but a lot of the new stuff continues to be added. And with that low HBR, it has the impact of – for this quarter, having the phenomenon of our HBR being lower for new business and existing, which is the first quarter we've actually experienced that.
William N. Scheffel: I think that's a fair assumption. I think, as we said probably several times, the exchange business, we were very conservative going in, and it's performed better than our expectations both for 2014 and 2015 at this point in time. And we are in a payable position back on all those components that we talked about.
William N. Scheffel: We don't really have any reading at this point in time I would say on current flu levels or anything. It's always a fourth quarter phenomenon when it starts up. So we do allow for a certain level that in our forecast or guidance numbers to occur. Again, I can't tell you sitting here today whether it's going to be a heavy or light season for flu.
William N. Scheffel: What that is is that was a build-up over probably 18 months in some cases in several of our states of amounts due back to the state for certain programs, particularly for services that the state paid for on our behalf. And so we were to reimburse the state for that. And so they haven't yet sent us a bill quite frankly for it but it's getting close. So, we have reclassify that out of medical claims liability and set it up into accounts payable, because we think that's a better place for going forward.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I mean I think your calculation of $97 million is reasonable, in terms of how much we've classified some medical claims to accounts payable. And we didn't restate prior periods for DCP. If we would've taken it out in prior periods, it would have reduced the DCP for all periods, if we would've re-classed that at any one point in time.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think it's important – those are probably two different things. Number one, in the roll forward of our reserve, we are rolling forward the reserve from a year ago. And so we're saying, of that development that occurred, in this quarter, it shows I think $177 million of positive development, that $177 million doesn't roll into earnings or anyway, because to an extent the $48 million of that is actually reclassified as a payable back to the state. And I think we have a separate line item on our balance sheet for return premiums to the state and it goes into that line item. The amount that we talked about this quarter for the DCP change was really reclassified into accounts payable, not in return premiums payable, because it's really reimbursement for services that they paid for on our behalf which are covered under our contracts. So, they are just slightly different items, but they effectively represent the reclassification of items out of medical claims liability into separate classifications, to put them in the right place, when we're going to pay them in the near future.
William N. Scheffel: Yeah. I think that the waiting of the various books of business have a big impact on what the consolidated HBR is. So if we grow our exchange business, the exchange business has a lower HBR generally, but a higher G&A ratio. And so the Medicaid expansion has a lower HBR than our average, let's say, and so depending on how those books of businesses are growing that can influence the total waiting. And then we added, as we did, a lot of long-term care business over the last couple of years, that's increasing our consolidated HBR. So it's hard to say where the future – in the next two years, the HBR is going on a consolidated level, without understanding which books of business are going to have the greatest growth. And I don't think we're really in a position to speculate on that particular issue, other than we try to provide as much transparency as we can with respect to the levels of HBR during the periods when we have our calls.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah, I think, Peter, it's Jesse Hunter. that it's a fair point. I think what you've seen already is states making their determinations about what kind of policy direction. Some of that is working with CMS on a more integrated dual demonstration model. There are some states who have kind of bypassed that demonstration approach and gone directly into a managed LTSS program. So I think you will continue to see some variability on that. Our objective is to work with the states to meet their policy objectives. So as they are working to determine whether they work through CMS or work through that directly, we want to help, and I think we're in a position to help in both directions.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. I think that will be a test but, yes, I think it's certainly a fair point with respect to the magnitude of opportunities that are coming up. We started to highlight a little bit of that in June at our Investor Day some of these earlier-stage programs that are either going through a legislative process or kind of the pre-RFE activities. So, I think the best consistent answer is that every market is different, and so our approach to every market needs to be reflective of what that state is trying to accomplish. You've got – with respect to the different states which you mentioned, different populations that are going to becoming in over different periods of time, statewide, regional. You've got of number of variables and we need to understand those and take all of those into account to figure out what is going to be our best kind of go-to-market approach that will, again, help the state achieve their policy objectives.
Jesse N. Hunter: I would say from an opportunity standpoint, A.J., that Acaria has demonstrated the ability to work with the manufacturers to participate in the kind of proliferation or the rollout of some of these new drugs. So as you said, there's a lot of activity there, and I think we and the Acaria team are squarely in the middle of that, and hopefully that will translate into future growth opportunities within the specialty pharmacy segment.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah, I think you mention a few states there. So I think obviously each state and each process is unique and I think we are still in kind of an administrative review process. There is a limited amount that we can speak to with respect to that at this point. So, I would say probably broadly and it's probably premature to share lot of our observations and obviously some of that would be speculative with respect to the state's decision-making process, which is really under a review at this point.
Kenneth Rone Baldwin: Yeah. This is Rone Baldwin. The clarity on that is still not accomplished with the state. Again, the program will not be effective until July of next year and the expectation is the membership to the fourth MCO will build over some time after that. So it's not clear at this point.
Kenneth Rone Baldwin: Well, just in terms of new geographic expansion, the only new state we've entered is New Hampshire. And that's related to the state's transition from having Medicaid expansion to want to move it over to a private option type solution in 2016. So other than that, a little bit of geographic service area expansion, and that pretty much is what reflects our participation for 2016 compared to 2015.
Kenneth Rone Baldwin: Yeah, I think what Bill said is an important point, that the way a state is going to look at the rates is they are going to look at the overall program across all the – and the experience of all the MCOs, and the fact that we may be in one position related to the rebates doesn't necessarily mean that all the participants in the market will. So it's going to be program-wide that they are going to be actually reflected in the actuarial rates going forward.
Kenneth Rone Baldwin: Yeah, we spoke a little bit earlier that the allocation methodology has not been determined. And again, I would just keep in mind that the new program is not going to be effective until July of next year. And the way these things normally work is membership builds over some period of time, but it's too early to tell.
Kenneth Rone Baldwin: I think we've had a disciplined strategy on exchanges that we've stop to and its focused on the low-income individuals, subsidized Medicaid turn population. And we're going to continue that and continue to try to make sure that we can grow this business, but make sure it's a consistent contributor. So it's worked so far for us and that's all we can say I think.
