Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, Josh, a couple of things. We haven't seen anything in the performance of the membership, the demographics that would indicate that it's performing or will perform any different than it has over the last several years. But one thing to mention is that on the risk adjustment side, we don't have any data from the data aggregators. So, really, I would say the $0.04, I would characterize a lot of that as a result of membership and underlining claims data. And I would take a pause, I guess, on the risk adjustment because we're waiting for more – or actually any data from the data aggregators that will come in the second quarter.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, we'll have two things. Number one, we'll have the final results for 2016. And as you heard Michael indicate that over 80% of our membership reenrolled with us this year. So that will be a confirming piece of information. And then the second piece is that we'll have the actual data for 2017 using 2017 claims experience from the data aggregators in the second quarter as well.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: I think what we said when we originally came out with the $0.20 of conservatism was that our 2016 book of business was running towards the top end of our margin expectation range which is between 3% to 5% and that the $0.20 really pulled down that expectation by 1.5% at the pre-tax line. So I would say it's close to the top end of our margin guidance range. But still a little early to tell how it shakes out for the year as far as is it above last year or not.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: I would say that there's nothing unusual about the second and third quarter that would cause that ratio to be substantially different than the first quarter. What I'm mentioning is that in the fourth quarter, because of now the size of our commercial business, we will have a higher SG&A ratio. So I think if you think about Q2 and 3 relatively consistent with Q1. And then Q4, quite a bit higher because of the open enrollment costs, et cetera, on the commercial business. And I would say similar to what we experienced in last Q4, right, because we had those same costs in the fourth quarter last year.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No, no, I think what I'm saying is compared to what we previously kind of indicated first half, second half on the guidance range is that we would now expect the fourth quarter to actually be a little bit lower than what we previously anticipated because of those three items that I mentioned. And effectively, that shifts back into Q2 and Q3, if you will.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, yeah, I mean, obviously, it hasn't been a material book of business for us. But it's running relatively well, I would say, in the low 90%s HBR. And I think the premiums, and I'm just doing this off the top of my head. I think the premiums are roughly a couple thousand dollars PMPM, per member per month, that is.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I – what I'll say is that wasn't the largest single driver. I mean it was a little over $100 million, something like that, of additional cash it received for April service dates. What's really driving the cash flow in the first quarter is the growth in the Marketplace business and the growth in our – are just base business, specifically Nebraska. If you think about – we get our premium payments or collect our premium payments in the first month, and on average based on our days and claims payable, we pay those payments out in 42 days. So there's really a cash flow benefit in periods of growth. And so long-term, when you normalize for that, we would expect to be in 1.5, 2 times net earnings. But obviously, for this year, just because of the growth specifically in the marketplace, Nebraska will probably be above that range.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I'll just give you the dollars. In the first quarter, for the 2017 Marketplace business, we recorded over $300 million of risk adjustment as a payable. And we expect for the year that will be over $1 billion. And if you recall last year, we had about $425 million recorded at the end of the year.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I think it's – well, I mean the first point is, I think, it's hard to put the $0.04 in context with the $0.20 using the quarter progression because for what we said earlier, was that we're really still waiting on information on the risk adjustment, right. And we just said that the risk adjustment payment is going to be – could be in excess of $1 billion for the year. So I'm not sure that those 2 would relate. But as a traditional commercial business, the majority or more of the earnings will be in the first half of the year.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I'll talk about the biggest books of business that we have, so I'll break it down into Medicaid and commercial. I think what you'll see for the first quarter is – and I think you would traditionally see this every year, which is a little bit higher Medicaid HBR really driven by flu. And then, you'll see a lower commercial HBR, really, just because that's the way the commercial product performs with deductibles, copays, et cetera, et cetera. So I think for the first quarter, we definitely experienced that. I think that was in line with our expectations.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I'm not going to comment about 2018 HBRs. I mean, I think we're comfortable where our guidance range on the HBR is today. And really what's going to drive the HBR on a going-forward basis is the mix of products that we have.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I think – well, take the first one at the top. I think in our rate range guidance of 0% to 1%, that's all encompassing, right, for the total business, so that would include Medicaid expansion. And so, in general, if you take it at the aggregate level, we're still anticipating between 0%, to between 0% and 1% rate increase for the year. We have, over time – the Medicaid expansion has been around quite a long time. So, a lot of states have already normalized margins. So, what I would say is any adjustment on Medicaid expansion is already included in our aggregate 0% to 1% composite rate expectation.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. Now, what I will tell you, I mean, just one thing to note is if you recall last year, we did talk about the California Medicaid expansion was like an 11% decrease, but it had no effect because there was a minimum MLR rebate. So, to some extent, you have to take those programs in combination, but yes, I would say consistent is – on a net basis, consistent is true.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Well, I mean, I will just state what I said before, I think in aggregate, it's in our 0% to 1% and that's consistent with the last three years. I mean, we've had between 0% and 1% for the last three years.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: I would say, well, there is exchange – sorry, there's a lot of feedback here. There is exchange attrition in the number. Additionally, there were a small amount of pass-through payments in the first quarter. I mean, as you're aware, those are very lumpy. But in general, I would say exchange attrition is – the first quarter will be higher because of the – that's the maximum amount of members we have in exchange business.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Nothing unusual. I think they're from comparing Q4 to Q1, there was a lower amount of volume in the VA business with respect to the appointments that we take there for the health care coverage, but nothing outside of our expectations.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think they're still working through the legislative aspects of that and the regulatory things, so it's too early to speculate. I think 2018 is a fair assumption. And we'll continue to work through these other opportunities we see coming. But we'll comment on them as the states release them.
Michael F. Neidorff: Sarah, if I may, I just want to add, I think everything we're seeing says it's still a very good business.
Michael F. Neidorff: We said we increased 500,000 this year. So, go back to the membership of last year, 80% of the people we covered last year in 2016 re-upped with us this year.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think I'm most comfortable saying we can talk about it when we give our annual guidance. We'll continue to work through, evaluate it. We're looking at entering new states. And I've commented at some Investor Days and other meetings where while if we've filed for 11 states, it doesn't mean we'll necessarily enter all 11 because we're going to balance the cost of entry so as to maintain the margins while entering new states, so there's a lot of work being done right now. So it's probably too early to get too directional.
Michael F. Neidorff: I'm sorry that I was interrupting. I'll start with Maricopa. I see the same profile basically. There's no difference in that profile from our other members. We knew that going into it, looking at the – what was there. Two, as it relates to the CSRs and what's happening in Washington if anything, my – somebody has a speaker on – with a lot of background, okay. I think what the big issue is, it has a long way to play out and we're convinced there's bipartisan support for the CSRs. So nobody wants to take this population and put them on the street. Effectively, doing away with the CSRs would eliminate the affordability of the product we make. I don't think it's going to happen.
Michael F. Neidorff: I'll take that. As we said earlier, we don't see any PDRs this year on that business. And we have a – we see it performing as expected. And from a medical loss, from the membership, every aspect of it. The changes we put in place are achieving what we expected.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think we wait – as it moves along, we always look at adding. And I think what's important is that – what I was trying to convey, Kevin, is that, like last year, I said it's business as usual. And I believe that's going to really prove out to be the right thing. And I'm saying the same thing that we have the agility, the ability to adjust. And so as things unfold, I see nothing out there that's going to change it to where we would not participate. If something changes, we'll adapt to do or what we have to do as we historically have. So but if we are evaluating other markets to expanding, yes.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think until they revoke the – adjust it, repair it to whatever action they take. I'm trying to think of the right words, repeal and replace is what I was trying to think of. Until they repeal and replace, I think it's going to be business as usual on the Medicaid expansion. There's one state, I think, that's been talking about pulling back on it. And that could happen here from time-to-time. I know there were several states with Republican governors that would like nothing better than expand it. And we regret that their legislation is never had. So I'm not thinking about making a whole lot of changes as 20 Republican senators that come from states that have expanded Medicaid, as I said in my script. And so I think that is a long way to play out. I see it, it may make – it could move into the exchange product and just what the subsidies are. There's various alternatives being talked about, but nothing that would leave these people without effective insurance.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I'd add we're very decentralized in our approach to these things. So we can adapt to what any particular state wants relatively easy from a systems standpoint and what have you.
Michael F. Neidorff: So I think there's a two-part answer to that. One, I think we're well positioned. Secondly, do we want to continue to go forward in Illinois? And that's going to be a function of what the rates are and the profitability of it. So, as we see what the rate bands are and we go through the actual assessment, we're going to make a business decision as to whether or not to pursue Illinois. We have a strong network. We have statewide a lot of places where others have pulled out recently. They're asking us to contract with them. So I think this thing has to play out over the next two, three weeks. And I'll focus on and Jeff will and Steve and the whole financial team, Chris, on the actuarial studies that say is it going to be profitable.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes. I want to clarify one thing. We're not going to talk about legacy Health Net anymore. Health Net is now a California plan and going forward, it's just one of our states. And they understood it's fully integrated and all the systems are integrated. So, to look at what legacy is versus now is something that, culturally, we're not doing and thinking about as a company. But the others (52:50), Jeff, you can jump in.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think what we've done is we looked at it, and I think the next issue is growing that business. And we're putting the time and energy in working with the state to take the actions that we'll grow. That's the single biggest issue. We scaled it. The mix of the recipients is appropriate. There's a good balanced mix of recipients. The in-patient cost is down. So, every aspect of it is delivering as we expected and the issue now is growth.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I just want to thank everybody, and we look forward to seeing you on June 16 at our Investor Day in New York. And we also look forward to the second quarter earnings call. Have a good quarter.
