Jonathan Rubin: Yes, David, it's Jon. I think that's absolutely right. So the reduction in the current year is due to those two factors. The fact that while we've made significant progress on the corrective actions in second quarter for the healthcare accounts, we're a little bit behind where we expected to be. Similarly on the new business sales, we're continuing both to have good sales results and very strong pipeline as Barry alluded to. It's just that some of the sales in some cases, sales that we've even got signed contracts for are being implemented a little bit later. So the key point I'd make there is both those items are really timing and although they affect the current year, we expect by the end of the year and into 2018 to be fully on track in both those areas with where we expected. So really, it's a current year item.
Jonathan Rubin: Yes. So I would say that you hit the majority of the items. So you have Senior Whole Health coming on for the two months. And then the balance, I'd say, is split between 3 different areas, relatively equally weighted. One being the incremental improvement in the commercial healthcare results as we're continuing to make progress in getting increasing momentum there. Second is actually new business growth, meaning across our businesses, we actually have continued to implement new sales in third and fourth quarter and we'll get sort of a full quarter's run rate of that in fourth quarter. And then third is the timing of customer settlements across our businesses. So I would say, if you take out the Senior Whole Health, the balance of the improvement is split relatively evenly between those three areas.
Jonathan Rubin: Yes, Dave, I think I did mention that or at least I intended to as one of the factors. I called the absence of startup losses in Virginia because of that $15 million to $20 million this year that we hope that, that is one-time in nature. So that is one of the factors.
Jonathan Rubin: Yes, it's a good question, Michael. In terms of the formulary change, I mean, the impact, the major impact doesn't go into effect until 2018. Now whether there's a little bit at the end of the tail end of the year, higher utilization, we'll see. More than anything, though, we are expecting to see some disenrollment as a result of both the formulary changes and the pricing changes that we've implemented for the 2018 year. And while it's very early, we are seeing some initial disenrollment that's at least consistent with our expectations. Which, again, because we were - had a wider formulary than many in the market, our expectation is that many of the members that will disenroll will be those that might have been higher utilizers of certain medications. So still a lot to play out for 2018. We haven't really seen any material change in utilization in third quarter and we'll see in fourth quarter how that plays out.
Jonathan Rubin: Yes. We've been very successful in the Blue's world. And in fact, a little known fact, many, many years ago before I was born, just kidding, maybe not before I was born, but we were actually started by a consortium of Blues. Again, 30 years plus ago, so it has obviously changed over the years. But because of that fundamental base and understanding, we have a lot of really great Blue's partners. And in terms of the specialty and medical specialty, we're the strongest, I think, in the field within the Blue's market already. Now the combination of Anthem and CVS and - or all these other combinations you're referring to, all will still require this expertise in medical pharmacy. So yes, we do see a robust opportunity for these solutions that we feel we can provide uniquely in the industry.
Jonathan Rubin: Ana, it's Jon. A couple of things. One, with risk adjusters, just by their nature, the risk adjusters themselves move with the population. So in a perfect world, the risk adjusters reflect changes from period to period in utilization. Having said that, in terms of the - our best estimates of the model, we build our best estimates into our outlook that we gave high-level commentary on for 2018 and we're really not expecting any material diversion from that. So, while things can be higher or lower than we expected by small amounts, it won't impact the overall picture that it describes.
Jonathan Rubin: I'm sorry, we're still finalizing the plan. So we're comfortable we'll have the modest growth. But in terms of dimensioning it, you'll have to stay tuned. And again, in early December, we'll give a lot more detail.
Jonathan Rubin: Yes. Ana, this is Jon. Other than potentially some isolated issues with competitors, we're not seeing anything. I mean, we're not seeing anything material at all. Our length of stay, as we've managed it, has been pretty stable. And in fact, in some areas, we've been able to drive improvements. So we really haven't seen that in our own book of business.
Barry Smith: Dave, Barry here. Thanks for the question. It's as - as you point out there, we do have ongoing - a very ongoing robust pipeline. And clearly, the clients have a lot going on right now with the change issues that are happening in the marketplace today. They have a lot of operational things to implement over the course of this year going into the next year and some uncertainty. So I think it's been basically a lot on their plate. Now having said that, they're also looking for robust solutions that we provide that allow for increased savings and allow them to achieve what they need to achieve this next year. So it's more an issue of just, I think, a lot on their plates and simultaneously going on, both with the public markets and the individual markets going on.
Barry Smith: Yes, Michael, we view that acquisition as a real compliment to our strategy. We think we're several years beyond where they are today clearly expresses a very robust, capable company at eviCore. John Arlotta, I know him well, who is the CEO of eviCore. Great company, great guy. We've been very competitive with eviCore and Express clearly in our segment of the market for the last many years. We wouldn't expect that to change dramatically. We do think that intelligently combining the pharmacy with medical specialty benefits is a smart thing to do. And again, we've been doing that for years. And if you think about our medical pharmacy capabilities, we recognize the fact that the spend in the pharmacy world, you've got to link it back through the medical benefit. So we're very robust in our solutions and our capabilities. We think that, that's a great combination for them and we think that's a fine strategy for them. We do think there'll be disruption likely in the market over the next year or so as they figure out how to work together and we think that presents opportunity for our solutions. Again, we've been very competitive in the marketplace - particularly, eviCore has been historically very strong in, for example, RBM management. We're very strong on RBM management. We have excelled, I think, beyond anybody in the market, including eviCore, in musculoskeletal. We have over 7.5 million of lives in musculoskeletal and growing. Again, that's been our new business for the last couple of years. So we think that this combination of both the pharmacy and the medical specialty side is a smart combination. We like to think again that we're fairly far along in that strategy. MCC, as you point out, is the ultimate culmination of that, where we utilize all the attributes and all the capabilities we have in Magellan and apply them to the whole individual. We said years, I guess, two or three years ago, we decided to form Magellan Complete Care. Then if you looked at Magellan's offerings before establishing a health plan, we provided 70% of the special population's needs already. So we have the capacity and we've been able to realize it, Magellan Complete Care, of integrating these benefits in a very unique way in the industry. And we think that's a great strength.
Barry Smith: Well, Ana, I'll address the second part of the question first. We think mental health parity has been in the marketplace for many years. Much of that regulation is state-based, and so that really won't change given the federal initiatives and/or Executive Orders going forward. Relative to the impact on mental health parity or essential benefits, clearly, as health plans are approved through the legislation that is proposed or the Executive Order that Trump asked his agencies to consider, it will have an impact on some short-term policies that will last up to a year. We think that those policies are typically designed for a portion of the population that likely would not be as focused on behavioral health. And we also feel that if someone did have someone with serious mental illness in the home, likely they would be looking at policies that were not those short-term policies. They were more long-term oriented. So while we think that the legislation is intended to provide greater access to coverage by more individuals, particularly - in the individual market, we don't think it will have a major impact on our segment of the business relative to either Magellan Complete Care or the SMI population and the benefit for serious mental illness.
Barry Smith: The recent announcement in terms of additional focus on the emerging terrible tragedy with opioid abuse and the taking of lives across this country, it's a huge issue. Now clearly, the President's direction and focusing attention is a great thing and we applaud him for doing that. Clearly, the funding is the issue. And if you take a look at some alternatives from the other side of the House, you see some rather substantial requests for funding to address the opioid epidemic. It won't be addressed in a robust fashion until it is funded. We do have unique capabilities and we do - we are part of the dialogue and are very happy to help - continue to help understand and also provide solutions that will help the population and hopefully legislation going forward. As it stands right now, though, there is not a lot of incremental funding so, therefore, we think that the short-term impact will be minimal.
Barry Smith: Well, Ana, I'll just share some global thoughts. And of course, your guess is as good as mine in terms of its likelihood and what this would mean. When you take a look at a deal like that, you have to say that this is clearly a strategy to provide a benefit of a more complete healthcare delivery system that would include the ability to drive volume, not only to the pharmacy, but also to [mini clinics] and other services that would be outpatient-based. I think from that standpoint, it's a very interesting strategy. And clearly, if you're not - if you don't have to invest in buildings to house patients that they can contract at a very - as Aetna does, at a very effective rate, a lower rate, it can be a very interesting play on outpatient care generally. In terms of its impact on specialty drug, clearly, CVS is a major player and has access to specialty drug medication management. Again, from our standpoint, we don't know that it really changes the game much at all. People talk about Amazon, for example, getting into the business and others. It's just the world today in flux. We just don't think that, that merger, if it happens, would have a major impact. The reality is players like Aetna, players like Anthem, these are major, major entities that have massive buying capacity. And so they're not typically our clients in that - obviously, they dwarf our size and capabilities in terms of volume. And so when you think about CVS as a provider in the pharmacy world, it means something maybe for the wholesalers. Clearly, they're so large. If you think about Walgreens and CVS that they bypass the typical wholesaler system. And so it has more impact on the supply chain than I think it does on us as an independent PBM. I think it's an interesting play and we'll be all very curious to see where it ends up.
Barry Smith: Great. Well we thank you all for joining us today on our call. We look forward to talking again and giving you our view of the first quarter of 2018. Good day.
Anagha Gupte: Hi, thanks, good morning. A couple of questions just on the earnings and the commentary on '18, and then I just have some other questions I'd love to get your perspective on. The first one is, I think, you said on the Florida rates that the risk adjustment model is still not determined. And I have a recollection that it came in better than expected at one point in time. And might that change your expectation of this modest growth rate or whatever in your net of that capitation rate adjustments for next year off of the $324 million to $334 million jump off.
Anagha Gupte: And what about substance abuse? Maybe that's not the biggest thing for you, but would that weaken coverage, you think? Which is probably not - it's more aligned with short-term policy type holders I would think.
Anagha Gupte: Okay, great. Can I just switch to just pharmacy? Can you give us your thoughts on the CVS-Aetna potential deal? I mean, I know it's hypothetical at this point, but what kind of value that would add in terms of drug pricing and/or utilizations, specialty pharmacy with the Aetna contracts or home health? Future views or whatever, I guess, as you do this yourself.
