Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, just a couple of things, Kevin. I think it’s just purely the timing of the closing the WellCare or the Health Net transaction closed around the end of March and their annual 10K audited financials were already out. And so, literally, I think, it’s just the timing of close. And I think you also have the fact that their audit is not complete, as well as the last step in the regulatory approval process in this transaction was the Department of Justice piece. So, again, we were operating as two independent companies until the time of closure.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I would say a couple of things, Kevin. I would say, we did see some higher non-inflation costs in the fourth quarter than we anticipated. But also a little less than half of the fourth quarter costs in the exchange business that were higher than our expectations was associated with the reconciliation of outstanding claims items that were settled and resulted in more favorable reimbursement going forward. And the majority of these were in states where we have MLR rebates. So – and then, the other thing is, we have mentioned – we did mention in our December Investor Day that we did expect exchange margins to continue to moderate slightly in 2020. So, I guess, what I would say is, you combine all that together, we’re still comfortable with where our 2020 expectations are for the exchange business.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, no. What I’m saying is that we had costs that we incurred in the fourth quarter that will provide better reimbursement going forward.
Jeff Schwaneke: And those, yes – and the more favorable reimbursement going forward and those costs that we incurred in the fourth quarter happened to be in states where we have MLR rebates, so there is some mitigating effect. And it reduces those MLRs 3-year rolling calculations, so it reduces the effect of the MLR going forward.
Jeff Schwaneke: Well, I mean that’s why it’s one of the reasons why we’re waiting, Josh, is you have to actually close the month of January. And as you’re well aware, there could be variability on the medical cost side. I think on the revenue side, you kind of know your members and you know the premium, but the cost side is what you don’t know. And so, one of the reasons we’re waiting until the beginning of March to give the combined guidance is just to get the actual numbers for January and do the proration math.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Josh. I think they were in process on an RFP. I think they have concluded that process. Right now what I would say is we are in flight on the synergy analysis, obviously looking at their contracts and our contracts and all the PBM capabilities. And I would say harmonizing those to achieve the value that we are trying for in the synergies. So I guess that’s where we are. We have begun the process and we are in process on that now more to come in March.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, no. They have made a decision in that. I think they extended their contract with CBS for a period of 3 years.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I guess a couple of things. I just bifurcate the marketplace versus the flu. Again, this is versus our expectations. I would say the marketplace was two-thirds of the variance with the flu being a third. So I think that gets you close to 20 to 30 basis points on the quarter. So, I think, you are close on that. As far as the flu for Q1, we will have to wait and see, one month is not a quarter and so we will have to see how flu costs pan out for the entire quarter. As you are well aware, we did talk about the effect of Leap Year and the additional day on the first quarter’s performance and I think we discussed that ad nauseam at our December Investor Day.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I will kind of go back to our – what we said at our December Investor Day. A couple of things to just highlight, remember, we have always talked about 2018 was a very good year for the marketplace business. And what we saw in ‘19 is a margin – a pre-tax margin that was very consistent with 2017, ‘16, ‘15. So, we have seen very consistent margins since the inception of the exchange business. For us, the outlier is really 2018, which had an exceptional year. And so as we close 2019, I would say, margins were exactly – they are roughly in line with that experience meaning consistent with ‘17 and ‘16. So, we are still comfortable that in the 5% to 10% range. And I think we mentioned at our Investor Day that we saw them moderating slightly, but it’s not substantial. We don’t see a material moderation in margin from ‘19 to ‘20.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Justin, Jeff here. So, as I mentioned before, I mean, we are going through the process right now comparing the PBM contracts and all the capabilities that both companies have and rationalizing that for the synergy opportunity. And so, I am not going to comment today. I kicked that question to March when we provide full combined guidance, because then we will have the opportunity to have the benefit of visibility on both those contracts.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I will kind of package everything that I’ve said together in one, maybe this will clarify everything. So, you’re right on the 80 bps. So, MLR for the quarter was higher than our expectations by 80 basis points. I said two-thirds of that was marketplace, one-third, I would say, is flu. And those are just rough right? That is - and then, of the marketplace piece, I said a little bit less than half was associated with these reconciliation of the outstanding claims where we effectively had medical costs in the fourth quarter that will provide a benefit going forward, right. And some of that was in states where we had MLR rebates. And so, there is an offsetting effect there, but it’s not a one to one because the MLR calculation is a three-year rolling calculation.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, I think Michael is exactly right. It is a timing perspective. We are not – there are some states that were still searching for rate adjustments heading into 2020. So, again, it is a timing issue, and we are still looking for additional rate adjustments in certain states for this effect.
Jeff Schwaneke: Medicaid in aggregate, I think Medicaid was within the range. It wasn’t – we would have called it out if it was a material one way or the other on the full year, when you look at year-over-year results.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, a couple of things. I guess, our risk adjustment was in line with our expectations. And when the 10-K comes out, you’ll see the total number. We have got roughly $1 billion of payable to the government on the books. So, it wasn’t –really a risk adjuster phenomenon for us. It was really just higher non-inpatient costs. And as you’re aware, we have to get those – we are estimating a significant portion of our medical costs. And so, we’ll have to wait for those claims to come in and look at the diagnosis codes and submit those for risk adjustment. And so, there may be an effect there, but it is too early to tell.
Jeff Schwaneke: The Iowa we all know had some issues. We were culpable as some of those, they got our attention, it’s being fixed and we made all the progress you made and that’s kind of historic. And it’s not material we are going to get the funding. Is that a question there? On the medical loss ratio, I want to remind you that it will vary from quarter-to-quarter based on out-of-pockets, maximum out-of-pockets, a lot of different things. So what we are seeing is that on any given quarter, you will see some variation. Now, we also know that the last quarter, the year tends to be higher, because the maximum out-of-pockets have been met and sometimes people try to get some services and other things done. And Jeff commented that the inpatient was a little bit higher, but I expect some of that on balance, the 5% to 10% is a solid range. We are very comfortable with it. And in the first quarter, it’s going to be in the higher part of that range. In the last quarter, it could be in the lower part of that range, but on balance and we tend to – we love to be conservative. We love to under-promise and over-deliver where we can. And so we are saying, it’s realistic to say that as the business grows, there maybe a little moderation, but it’s still solid and it’s solidly in the 5% to 10% range, but if I say where then I am giving you more than we have historically – it serves no purpose. It’s great business.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes, absolutely. And then the other thing on the size of proceeds, $1 billion pre-tax, so $1 billion pre-tax is the proceeds and that – by the way that also includes statutory capital as well.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, I think – Dave I think, we mentioned in the – I guess in our December Investor Day that we thought of the Q3 call or December Investor Day that our fourth quarter revenue would be lower than our third, because of the size of the pass-through payments. And I think we did get a few pass-through payments in the quarter that kind of helped revenue. We don’t have great visibility on these from states and so they just show up. So I think our – we expected a bigger drop in revenue from Q3 to Q4, but we had $100 million or so in payments.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes, but the timing of close, I mean, when we gave our numbers we are – the accretion target is a full year, right. So it doesn’t really matter when it starts, it’s a full year. And my point on the guidance is we are going to have to pro-rate January and that’s going to have an effect, right. And then if you just take the WellCare top line number that they were expected to hit for 2019 and you take 22 days out of that, that’s a sizable number.
Jeff Schwaneke: The biggest piece of that that you are missing is that the MLR calculation is a 3-year rolling calculation.
Jeff Schwaneke: So to the extent we had cost in the fourth quarter and you are in a minimum MLR rebate, it’s not a 1:1, right and it depends on the magnitude of the prior year MLR rebates. And so when you go forward, if I had lower MLR rebate in 2019 that is a lower amount that I have to deal with in the future, right. So it’s not a 1:1. I mean, you could – if everything was equal per year, you could say it’s a one-third benefit. So, if we had costs in the fourth quarter, we would get a third of that back, but the math isn’t that simple, because every year is a different MLR number.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Well, I would say there is two things. Number one it’s better reimbursement, more favorable reimbursement for us going forward as a contracted provider, right. So that helps. And then yes, it reduces the aggregate level of MLR payable that you have and so thereby provides a benefit going forward.
Michael Neidorff: That is a considerably larger complex number of states and businesses they’re involved in. And we want to – as you know, Kevin, we would like to do it methodically and carefully, so taking an extra 30 days or so seemed to make sense.
Michael Neidorff: It is a very strong business. And as I commented, all the demographics continues and still on the growth. And basically what people expected additional competition, etcetera, we continue to do well and it’s – and these one-time things Jeff talks about can have an impact. But that’s – that has a benefit going forward.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think let me – I’ll let Jeff give you the more specifics. But we said earlier that the PBM will be based in Tampa and Drew is going to drive that process for us. And we see some real benefits in the total purchasing power without having a consolidation, you can give more specifics.
Michael Neidorff: I think there is certain flexibility that built into the contract. So, obviously, they knew they were in the middle of a transaction. And so, I think there is some flexibility in that. But again, we are doing the full analysis as we speak and more to come in March.
Michael Neidorff: I think I heard the same thing last year. And we grew 10% in a market that shrank 1%. And I think we have strong networks. We saw the continuity of our members increase by 2%. We saw the effectuation increase. So at every level and I said all last year that we know how to be competitive. It makes us better. And I think there is – the product is strong and our consumers recognize it, like the networks we have and we expect to be more than competitive ongoing.
Michael Neidorff: So I think we are still working through and now that we are able to work with WellCare and as I say, we are going to be consolidating that and we’ll also be headquartered in Tampa that might poll in. And so we are working through that. They are working with us on the joint ventures. Those are things that are unfolding very nicely. They will take time. And I think the time to talk about the impacts they will have will probably be when we give guidance for 2021. And the team has had the full look at it, but we really see our trajectory changing with the input of the marketing and other capabilities that WellCare has demonstrated.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we were – I want to be very clear we were very careful prior to the approval from the Department of Justice to operate as two very separate companies. And as we had no insight into their contracts and we were careful they didn’t have any of ours, because the rules of that are very clear and it’s the old story. You normally have to be honest and we prepared to be honest. And so we – they would had no insight into it.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, let me start. I think as we said from the beginning, we are really self-funding a lot of development in our systems and systems capability. And the name of the game going forward is that and that’s where our scale and size is $100 billion company is so important. We have – it gives us the resources to continue to focus on the systems that’s going to deliver the kind of performance and margin improvement in ‘21, ‘22 and going forward. And as we start to, let some of that fall to the bottom line, as such, we will be in a position to disclose that in a succinct way. But it’s – that so you have to cost a little bit like fingernails, you have to continually trim them. And we see this as incorporated in the company and it’s a continuous process of reducing costs, while improving the capabilities of the company and we couldn’t be more pleased with $500 million that we were able to achieve this past year and we see it continuing to grow in additional funding this year, which will just continue the next generation of systems work. And in fact, I am going to give just a little more color that we have – we were really bifurcating or trifurcating, I guess would be the word, our systems. We have that – we have a group that’s going to be maintaining the systems that work day-in and day-out. We have a group that’s going to be working on the transition, because there is a lot of transition with these systems, and I make no secret and they don’t either that WellCare knew they were going to be sold at some point. And so there’s a lot of little systems that’s going to take some time to transition. And that’s why we’ve said, it’s a two, three-year process to do it right and get it right, and we’re focused on that. And the third group are the advanced technology group. And these are the think-tank people, the people that have brought us things like Interpreta and others that give us real-time status for the physicians. They are going to take us to the next-generation. So that’s being funded by these savings.
Michael Neidorff: Yes and Justin, if I may. Just - if we think about, when you’re combining these two companies, we had multiple work streams that were developed during the period of time we are waiting for Justice approval, and that’s whether, its systems, and it is combining them. When you take the Florida and Georgia, they’re large companies, both sides combining them. And the things that we are doing there, and while we have divested some plants, we have obligations there to ensure a smooth transition of that membership. You put all that together, it’s very complex. So, we are just trying to take a - use the next few days to take a very careful view of it and get it right. We are not trying to duck anything, except, say, it just takes time when it’s as complex as this one. I keep telling people, it’s not how fast, it’s how well you do it.
Michael Neidorff: I want to restate it. Just if I may my simple non-financial, okay. In fact, when you look at what we did there, we had some states where balanced going things with issues because we didn’t have a contract with the hospital. We now have contracts with them. And we got those things settled, we got it right with them so we had the expense to settle those claims with those loops, but now going forward and these are larger states. Going forward in 2020, we are going to be in a stronger position because they’re now part of the network. And those kind of issues won’t be there. So it was really a onetime, get it right, and it could happen again just to be very candid. But I always view those things as that’s where the long-term comes in. We were in this and we continue to do very well in a long time. It will cost us a couple of bps here or there in the quarter. I am looking at 2020, and I am really pleased with what we see happening, particularly when I see the membership, the effectuation rate, the demographics, it is just a really great business for us.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think – we said, the reveri – it is really moderating. And yes, we have had great success because of the real-time systems we have had in getting the states to recognize the membership mix and the acuity mix within it. We are never satisfied with the timing of how fast they make those adjustments, but part of it is, well, they say we have real-time systems, they have to wait and see what some others are doing that don’t have that real-time capability, and that can slow down the whole process. So, on balance, we were comfortable that the stage in the large states we are working with, we are going to get it right with us. And it is just a matter of timing. So, which quarter it fall was in, that’s a little more hard – that’s a little harder to forecast, but it is all coming together right there too.
Michael Neidorff: Let me – I don’t want to be very general on it because it is so early in it. But as we said, this is – this involves expansion, not the current businesses, is key and focused on the expansion of the area. Caps – block plans work really well in states that are not growing – and state of Oregon, it can have an impact, so various states will have various impacts. But as we look at it, we think – I am going to say that I tilt toward a net positive on it because it is giving the states some opportunities to be innovative. And as you know, we are very decentralized and our local plans have strong relationships with those states. And I think they will be in a position to be able to help the states with that and use some of our assistance capabilities and tests and model things, but it is limited to the expansion aspect of the business. So that’s key. So I think going forward, I am going to tilt to the positive side, but we are going to continue to work with it and help to make it better.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. Well, I think it’s going to – once again, it’s we talk about capabilities. Some of that maybe systems and there are some smaller acquisitions we can make, because of our size and scale, we don’t have to disclose it. I have jokingly told people that we did one deal and the person we say, we don’t have to disclose him, because he said now my family is not going to be chasing me for some of this money. So I mean, there is some benefit there, but we do that type of thing. Two is the capability to see if some other opportunities come up nationally and internationally, we will do it, but when I say scale and size, when you are now a $100 billion plus enterprise, with $5 billion of EBITDA to bottom and the balance sheet that we have and the improved credit rating that we have. And what we are able to sell our bonds at and what our bonds are trading at it says that what’s relative and what can be done has changed a little bit from several years ago, but we will once again just focus on what’s the strategic value and it has to make financial sense first then strategic value and then we will look at the capabilities it brings. And I can’t go beyond that, because then I would be starting to tell you who we are looking at.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, we have some of it in California. We have said we will maintain it. It’s good business for us. And I would say that all that’s under a strategic review.
Michael Neidorff: But honestly Matt, I am back burning a little bit, so I want to get WellCare fully integrated and get things before we start distracting people and some other opportunities.
Michael Neidorff: I think we just saw normal PCP visits. So, it wasn’t necessarily in the specialist category, so just higher doctor visits, is what I would say.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I mean, I always – I’ve always liked the idea we are more masters of our destiny, right, but I think, when you have the systems we have and the capabilities where we are going, we have the flexibility to work either way. So, we will make our decisions as I have always said, based on the facts of what they are at the time and these are still issues under discussion and there is opportunities to influence some aspects of that we believe and that’s what we will do and it’s – we just take a very open-ended approach to it. And I am comfortable we will end up in a strong position at the end of the day.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we thank you for your comments and thoughts today and the chance to clarify some of these things and we are looking forward to the March 4, as I recall that’s the date, Jeff, where we are going to be able to give you the full guidance and kind of set the baseline on what this combined company will be doing going forward. We believe it will be very significant. So, thank you and we will be talking to you again in March.
