Sarah London: Stephen, thanks for the question. I appreciate it. This is obviously an important dynamic to understand. I'll let Drew walk through the mechanics and address your question, but there's one important point and takeaway that I do want to make sure we don't lose, which is that it is a testament to strength and experience of our Ambetter team, that were not only demonstrating tremendous growth, but ensuring that growth is profitable through prudent risk adjustment planning. And I think that's sort of the overlay to all of this, but let me make sure that Drew walks through all of the mechanics. 
Sarah London: Thanks for the questions, Justin. I'll take the first one, and then turn it over to Drew. We're still a little bit early relative to cut points. So again, that 85% target for October of '25, then to your point, revenue year '26, we're seeing really solid improvement as I pointed to in terms of 2/3 of our membership moving in contract improvement year-over-year.  Directionally and again, it's still -- the numbers are not final, but just to give you a sense, if we -- this year, we're sitting in about 50% of plans that are in 3 star or above. We expect that to be around 90% of members in 3-star or better come October. And so the exact numbers that fall in 3 or 3.5 really depends on those cut points that we don't have yet, but just so you understand sort of the magnitude of directional improvement that we're tracking. 
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Lance, for the question. So relative to Medicare Advantage, I think our view is, to your point, we take a geography-by-geography approach to looking at that portfolio. Our lens is through big construction as we look at '24 and '25 and where there are less profitable products that we've put out there. And we talked about this on the Q1 call, but we've been very focused as we constructed '24 bids on this idea that there are less profitable or less aligned products, and that's where we are sort of aggressively pruning.  So directionally aligned, but not through the lens of divestiture, more through the lens of rightsizing and realigning the MA book overall to create that solid platform for growth and the synergy that it provides with the focus on lower income and complex members to our Medicaid footprint.  And then for the M&A pipeline, again, we continue to be focused on opportunities that are -- we consider sort of right down the fairway, relative to our three core business lines, that being our primary focus, but also acknowledging that we have two strong and important retail businesses, which is how we think about Marketplace and Medicare and the platform that we think Marketplace provides in terms of long-term growth relative to what we're seeing from gig workers, contract workers, ICRA and sort of burdening individual Marketplace, what are some of the capabilities that we think are going to be important to own those distinctive competencies. And so those are also part of the consideration in the overall M&A pipeline. 
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, A.J. I'll let Drew talk about the rates, but it is important just to -- as a reminder, that we saw -- we have a number of states that had a 7/1 renewal and had very constructive conversations. All of those states have included acuity adjustments. And we're seeing that trend carry forward, but I'll let him get specific on that.  Relative to the overall Medicaid redeterminations landscape, you are right that this is sort of an unprecedented scale of effort. And we've been really pleased with the level of partnership that we've seen the states and in general, a trend that states are leaning in to the value of public-private partnership that we offer.  But Ken's been out talking with our Medicaid directors and our governors very closely over the last weeks and months. So I'll let him provide a little bit more color on that, and then kick it over to Drew to just talk a bit about the rate discussions. 
Sarah London: Thanks, Kevin. Yes, we had always anticipated upfront bolus of redeterminations just because of the fact that there were certain states that were moving faster than others and others that had taken a more ratable approach. So I think the idea that there is a big amount of upfront data is helpful, but not unexpected.  And then that has also given us some visibility into where there may be data issues that are causing -- or sort of the procedural disenrollments are higher than the states might have originally been expecting. In aggregate, though, as we said, our membership is on track with our expectations.  We are recapturing members who fell off, but still have eligibility. And because of all of the outreach efforts we're making, we're able to bring those members back on and track the fact that we're able to successfully reenroll them. And again, we do expect that number to grow over the course of the program.  Relative to the CMS intervention, our view is that CMS has provided great flexibility for the states to go a little bit slower. Obviously, in recent weeks, they've taken a bit of a stronger stance relative to a certain cohort of states, but it's still too early to see whether that will have a major impact on the slope. Obviously, they've asked certain states to pause for a month in other states, they're looking to extend the grace period relative to members replying to enrollment requests. And so again, hard to say whether that's a slowdown to make sure that states are getting the process right, so that they can continue at pace or whether for those states that quick out of the gate, it slows them down overall and what that does to the slope line, but that's something we're obviously going to be tracking very closely over the next couple of months. 
Sarah London: And again, just important to remember that the performance of the core business and Marketplace is allowing us to absorb that SEP growth. And those members tend to become more profitable in their sophomore year. So assuming good retention, the book that we're building this year will have incremental contribution next year. 
Sarah London: Yes. So let me hit Stars and sort of rebate. So we did -- at Investor Day, we were looking at 20% in 4 stars. On the Q1 call, because of what we saw in terms of the overall Medicare rate environment, some of the changes that we had made coming into the year, relative to a focus on duals and what we were planning to do for 2024 bid construction and going forward, we walked through the fact that for our target population, right, which is increasingly going to be low-income complex and duals members, that 3.5 stars is the more appropriate focal point for our Star strategy.  And so that is really how, over the next 3 to 4 cycles, we're looking at success in Star. And so I also on that call, pointed out that we were seeing 4-star progress in the measures that we had visibility into at that point, which were those core admin and ops and pharmacy measures, which is our focus in this first cycle, but that we had a number of contracts that were on the bubble and that we were taking a conservative approach and actually assuming minimal progress.  So the takeaway from the Q1 call was minimal progress in 4-star off that 2.7% baseline. What we're saying today is with additional view of HEDIS and CAHPS and some degree of sort of case mix, that there's a little bit more pressure in that 4-star. Again, it's too early to say because we don't have cut points, but we want to be very transparent, and we used very conservative assumptions.  This does not impact 2024, right, because we already know the revenue for 2024, but it certainly was an input as we looked at 2024 bid construction, relative to what we thought about in terms of 2025, 2026 and sort of the multiyear performance targets for the Medicare book.  And again, important to note that we are seeing really solid underlying improvement in the program and really taking a chapter by chapter approach to moving up all of our underperforming contracts into that 3.5 star band, which is where we start to get important economics. Drew pointed this out on the Q1 call as well that there's -- folks know the economics associated with the 4-star, but there's a 3% to 6% economic lift that comes with moving into that 3.5 star band. And when you combine that with the profile of largely or heavily dual-based population, those economics actually work very well relative to the performance we're looking for. 
Sarah London: And again, all those outreach efforts that I mentioned are designed to try to minimize the span between someone who's dropped eligibility, but is still eligible in the recapture. And that includes, obviously, the direct outreach, but also relying on primary care physicians and providers in general, so that we're not recapturing folks when they're showing up at an emergency department. And so I think that outreach has also proven to be successful, at least in these early months. 
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone. We appreciate the interest and all the great questions. We look forward to providing additional updates on our progress as we move through the back half of '23. I hope you all have a great day. 
Drew Asher: Yes, Stephen. And understandably, it's a little complicated. And it's difficult to define some of these numbers with public information heretofore. So let me try to make it clear.  So let's start with 2022 risk adjustment. The CMS final announcement was that we were owed $648 million. And as you did and others, you could look back at our 10-K and see that we had $58 million on our books at year-end. So it's a $590 million difference.  You heard the $300 million-plus item, that's almost completely related to the 2022 year. We have a little bit of that for '23 as one of those competitors was in the exchanges in certain markets for about half a year this year and appeared to be out now. So 300 -- over 300 is the largest reconciling item.  And then similar to what you heard yesterday from one of my peers, there is margin on estimates. Just like in IBNR, you put margin on estimates because you never want to book to an exact 50-50 outcome. And so that margin rolls every year. That's about $100 million. So that doesn't drop to the bottom line. It gets reestablished. And then breakage for minimum MLRs where we're really performing well in some of our contracts. We have RADV accruals. And so you get through all of that, you get down to $39 million would have been the P&L benefit for -- recognized in '23 for the final issuance of what we are owed by CMS, and that was recognized over first and second quarter.  Now let me jump to 2023. 2023, you can see we've shifted -- we've got about $300 million on our books for 2022 receivable. We've shifted to about $1.5 billion net payable for 2023, which demonstrates the strength of the acuity of the population and our estimates, partially informed by the Wakely data we got in June and July of where we expect to be relative to our peers. And we also booked that with some margin consistently year-to-year, and we'll see how that shakes out. But we see that as a good sign. And you always have to look at that in tandem with the acuity of the population, including our excellent growth this year. 
Drew Asher: Yes, let me start. Thanks, Josh. Let me start with your last question. Yes, it's the accounting rules around PDRs. You really only pick up -- think of it as like the marginal loss and direct cost necessary to administer the contract, including distribution costs, but there's a lot you can't pull into a PDR in that SG&A. So that's why we still have an $0.80 loss -- the ballpark of $0.80 loss embedded in that $6.60 in 2024, despite the fact we're rolling a projected $200 million or, call it, $0.27 or so PDR into '24.  If you step back and think about -- and we've given a number of these elements of '24, even though, typically, we give '24 guidance at Investor Day in December of '23. But we've given a lot of information, so let me try to summarize some of that. Medicaid, about a $7 billion incremental revenue headwind. We've all known that for a while, and that's built into the figures we gave out in Q1. About a $77 billion Medicare revenue premium stream in 2024. So a little bit of a headwind there in terms of volume.  And then if you'll recall the bridge that we walked through in Q1 of HBR, going from a projected 89.8 in '23 to 90.1, inclusive of an allowance for some potential pressure and a mismatch between acuity and rates as well as some benefit from our PBM arrangement. So there's a couple of headwinds in Medicaid.  Obviously, we talked about the $0.80 headwind, which is not just the $0.80, but it's -- we're making a little bit Medicare this year, we expect to. So it's that swing. Marketplace, you're absolutely right. Not just the continued push on margin in Marketplace, but the growth this year and how that matures into next year, the sophomore year of special enrollment period members is attractive, as I mentioned in the script.  And then you're right, we've got other elements like the annualization of this year's share buybacks. So those are the pieces that get you to the $6.60, inclusive of the $0.80 headwind that's embedded in that, which we expect to recover over the next couple few years. 
Drew Asher: Justin, I tried to give you all the inputs, but let me do some math to you -- for you. So last quarter, we said $128 billion for next year's revenue. Obviously, we'll refine that as we get through the year. So if you multiply that by 14%, that's $18 billion.  Our Medicare segment includes MA and PDP, PDPs in the zone of a couple of billion. So you can get down to about $16 billion of MA revenue. And if you did the same exercise for this year, we'd be in the zone of $20 billion in MA revenue.  And then part 3 was the third quarter rates. Yes, they're sort of -- they're consistent with our expectation. They're all over the board because when we're -- if you're deep into a payable risk corridor in a state, then ultimately, they're going to recalibrate the rates to that. Although there's no net impact to the company if we're in the corridor.  So it's not that instructive to go through, and we never go state by state. But let me just step up to a higher level and say we've been working well with our states. And the typical back and forth with states on the non-acuity parts of rates and call that normal course. 
Drew Asher: Yes, A.J., on acuity, over the -- really, over the past year, we've been putting data in front of our state partners and working collaboratively with them and their actuaries in anticipation of the commencement of redeterminations.  So often, really on behalf of all the payers in the Marketplace in Medicaid, we're working with the state and the associations to influence for what we think is appropriate in terms of not just rates, but the acuity component within rates.  And then by definition, the 7/1 rate increases, and we sold two outstanding between 7/1 and 10/1, but the 12 that we've gotten so far, all of which have had acuity adjustments with a focus on the redetermination impact. By definition, those are prospective, except for maybe the couple of months that we have under our belt so far in redeterminations. So pretty pleased with the partnership with our state partners. And plenty of work to do, A.J., but it's a good start. 
Drew Asher: Yes. And then just one last data point. The ultimate sort of roll-off of redeterminations, our view hasn't changed. Still about 65% of what we grew since the onset of the pandemic. 3.6 million members would have been the growth. So 65% of that rolling off would be 2.3 million to 2.4 million members, about $9.5 billion to $10 billion of cumulative revenue. So that's already factored into the numbers we gave in Q1, the $77 billion, for instance, of forecasted Medicaid premium. 
Drew Asher: Yes, the team -- thanks, Scott. The team does a lot of work to mine out balance sheet positioning and statutory capital of our peers that are in potential financial difficulty, looking at what assets are backing reserves on their balance sheets.  And then you're right, hopefully taking a conservative approach on that and doing that different depending on the carrier situation. So we'll see how that plays out. I hope to get every nickel of that $314 million, but trying to be realistic and prudent, but we will fight for it because that's shareholder money.  On the HBR for commercial. Commercial includes both Marketplace, and we've got about $3 billion of commercial group business, which runs sort of meaningfully higher structurally than our Marketplace business. And we still expect to do a little bit better than last year. Last year, commercial, we posted an 81.1. But thinking about the SEP membership rolling in, with a little bit higher HBR, now that's not for a full year. So you have to sort of slope that through. But from a progression standpoint because the deductible natures of the commercial business, you should expect like an ongoing tick up of that total commercial HBR, but it's sort of on track to what we expect. 
Drew Asher: And Michael, on the 1.4% composite forecasted rate that we laid out at Investor Day in December of '22, that would have partially reflected our view at the time of what we thought might be necessary for acuity adjustments. But the reason I say partially is because you'll remember, we basically pulled forward sort of a lot of the forecasting for the next couple of years of acuity as we got into the first quarter of 2023.  So what we know now would push that number up, but there's also a counterbalance to that as we continue to perform well, especially in states with paybacks, where we're forecasting for 2023 sort of the calendar year of 2023 to be in paybacks to the tune of about $1.3 billion in Medicaid.  That would be a counterbalance to that because states ultimately adjust the rates by looking at the pool of participants in Medicaid and their positioning in risk corridor payback. So it's sort of a stale number at this point, but those are two factors that would push and pull up that number. 
Drew Asher: Yes, Sarah, on the question about the impact, you can look at the sort of the membership progression. We're down 263,000 members from 3/31/23 in Medicaid, and that's sort of right on track with what we expected in terms of the impact.  And then on what we can look at -- so it's a good question. I'm looking at each of those monthly cohorts independently, but we could actually see sort of the members boomeranging back at a much higher rate with April because, to your point, we're a few months out from that incurred month as opposed to July, which would be a lower number because there's still some runway there for members to boomerang back.  But so far, that month is in the 20s in terms of percentage of members who lost eligibility that have now regained it without -- importantly, 85% of which without any break in coverage period. There are some members, the other 15% of what we're seeing are being reinstated back to maybe a month or two after they lost eligibility. But it's very early. There's not a lot of redetermination activity in April. So it will be interesting over the next few months to see that dynamic of members getting reinstated. 
Drew Asher: Yes, on SB 510 in California, we booked that in Q1 when we got that information, which is -- I think we explained this on the Q1 call also is why we were a little bit high at 90.0, and then we had a really good quarter in Q2. So year-to-date, we're looking good in Medicaid.  And then you're right on commercial. You've got the dynamic of Q2 '22, having a really sort of a good guy. We didn't have any insolvency issues from the '21 calendar year. And so that wasn't chipping away at the final settlement from CMS like it is over the last five quarters, including this quarter as well.  So that's sort of the swing item. And our growth was excellent last year, it is tremendous this year. And while that puts a little bit of pressure on the near term, we're thrilled that with our #1 market position, leveraging the Ambetter brand. We're able to grow a lot this year, which will give us earnings power for 2024 and beyond. But that does show up in the current period, HBR a little bit. 
Drew Asher: Well, part of that depends on whether or not people finish in that 14-month time period. And who knows what might be going on by the time we get to Q1 or Q2 of 2024. So tough to predict exactly when each state will end. But we think that's -- the numbers we gave, without trying to predict exactly the month we hit that, we think that's the ultimate outcome, and that hasn't changed. 
Drew Asher: Yes, I mean it's tough to speculate here and don't plan on it, but you could probably think about the composition of our members. 49% of our members in Medicaid are under 19 years old. So there's probably not a lot of cardiac, or ortho, or cataract, which is what we're seeing on the Medicare side.  Other than that, I can't really explain other than saying what we're seeing in Medicaid and Marketplace is pretty stable relative to the pop we saw in May, which is not alarming, but figured it would be a helpful commentary for you guys, given some of the noise around the industry and the fact that our Medicare HBR was a little bit higher than we expected in the second quarter. 
Drew Asher: Well, we definitely have priced for and expect margin progression as we get into 2024. We'll have to give you more of an update as we get towards the end of the year at Investor Day for more specific '24 guidance elements that detailed.  And then on your '23 question related to trend, as Sarah said in her script, we've got accommodation in our at least $6.45 adjusted EPS guidance for some continuation of this. Although to your point, we did see a step down, not all the way back to April, but a step down in June and sort of that holding in July with respect to the relativity from what we saw with May incurred through their second month of development. 
