Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. This is Jeff. I'll answer the second question first, which is, yes, we did write that down to zero and I think we'd mentioned that previously on our Investor Days that that was the anticipation of the plan.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, Chris, this is Jeff. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned relatively all the fair valuation exercise related to the Health Net balance sheet, it remains open and really just due to the timing of the closing being relatively close to the end of the quarter. So, what I indicated was that we've made provisional estimates for all these things and we would expect that there is potential for true-up in the second quarter as we complete our fair valuation exercise.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No, that would not run through the income statement. Those effectively go back to the day-one opening balance sheet that we would've acquired. So, those would be balance sheet-only adjustments.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I think the Medicaid expansion business has been relatively consistent. I think, as you're aware, there's minimum MLR rebate payables in a lot of our states. So, the HBR year-over-year has been very consistent. I think in my prepared remarks, we mentioned improvement in the complex care HBR year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. That was really driven by what I'd say the long-term care and some of that in the duals product as well.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. So, if you're looking at this service revenue line, the decrease is really due to a lower volume in our Specialty Pharmacy, specifically related to hepatitis C and I think that's probably a general industry trend there. And then, we did have the loss of a co-op customer in our Pharmacy Services business.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, I mean, I think what you'll see is if you take Centene's 2015 service revenue and roughly layer in the government services business for Health Net, then that would be kind of close to what we would expect for 2016, obviously, prorating for the nine months and eight days.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I think you're right. It's probably weighted more towards the end of the year, specifically with Alabama and Nebraska.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I think I gave you the – I mean, it's kind of challenging to tell you that, because a lot of our interest expense now is based on a floating rate of interest, right. So, I think I gave you the components, the $2.4 billion, obviously, the coupons we issued, the $1.6 billion is at LIBOR plus 4.3%, but it would be north of $200 million on an annualized basis.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. This is Jeff. I mean, I think the way we always look at leap year is just it's an extra day of medical costs when we do our forecasting when we put our budget together. I think Easter may have had a slightly favorable impact to that. But the way we really forecasted it was just we include an extra day of medical costs in the quarter.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: So, again, I think the improvement that you're seeing is reference to the complex care and additionally the growth in the Medicaid expansion obviously – excuse me, the Health Insurance Marketplace products, right, and they carry a lot lower HBR than our average.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, this is Jeff. I mean I think you're correct. Risk adjustment, the liability payable did increase during the quarter. I would say that is a function of – I mean we're seeing the same kind of member demographics that we've seen consistently. And as you're aware, we've been in a risk adjustment payable for the last two years. So, adding additional member volume has really just increased that risk adjustment payable.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, Josh. The primary driver was the present value of the charitable contribution and there was some shifting of, I would say, stock compensation, severance, really spending over the quarters versus all one-time. But the charitables are the most significant item.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, Josh, I don't think we're going to get into too much of that. I'd say it's relatively flat. But again, we're not really going to start separating the Health Net and Centene business on a going-forward basis.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, we include those in existing. I think our definition of new and existing was a significant – a geographical or product expansion. So, these are really in existing states. And so, we count that as organic growth and it's in the existing business.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Well, obviously, there had been – it changed, because there is activity between the December balance sheet and when we acquired the company on March 24. So, I'm not going to get into the exact number, but...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I guess, the question is if we get something back, and yes it ultimately would. I mean, our requirement under accounting standards is to fair value that receivable as of the date of acquisition, using information as of the date of the acquisition. So, that's what we did. Again, these are all provisional estimates. We haven't finalized that. But that's what we did and that would be our view.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, yeah, that's – you're correct. It is the addition of Health Net. I think if you look at Health Net's 10-K, they've disclosed it over the last couple of years they've had increases in the MLR rebate payable in the California business, specifically related to the Medicaid expansion. So, that's all driven by that amount. I think the dollar amount of that rebate is somewhere north of $400 million on rebates for the Medicaid expansion business for Health Net in California.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. No, I'm not going to get into any specifics. Again, I think the most important piece is that really with the timing of the acquisition, we've made what I would call high-level estimates and we haven't completed the analysis. And we look to complete the bulk of that analysis in the second quarter. Again, the accounting requirement's to make sure that we have those reserves at fair value as of the acquisition date. So, I mean, realistically, we should only be responsible for eight days of March, right. So, that's the work that we're looking to complete in the second quarter.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: That's exactly right. But we fair value those. We have not completed our analysis on those yet. And any adjustment to the opening balance sheet, again, would be a balance sheet-only adjustment.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I think we previously commented that we're looking to get our debt to capital ratio into the high-30% – mid-to high 30% range in the next 18 months to 24 months. I think that still continues to be the plan.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I guess maybe I'm not following the question 100%, but I mean if our acuity goes up, our payable on risk adjustment would go down. So, if that's what you're trying to state.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I'm not going to get into 2017 tax rate guidance. We're a little early for that. But I will tell you, and we've have quoted this number before, that the HIF is roughly over 10% to our tax rate. So, that will be – obviously get you somewhere in the 40% range, but that's all I'd say at this point.
Michael F. Neidorff: Scott, I think regarding your first question, I think we commented it's performing in line with our expectations. And Rone, you may want to add some comments, some more color to it, but it's against what we originally planned, is a little bit up and down. But on balance, in total, it's performing where we expected.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah, I think I'll start with the back with the last question first, we're starting a pattern here. But I would say that we're seeing the mix consistent with what I described in the churn and our strategy for 2014, 2015 and now 2016 is intact. The other question relative to California, I don't have an exact number at hand, but it was a sizable chunk of the business.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think there's a couple of elements; one, we do not participate in any processes or auctions or whatever you call it today. So, to the extent that is, we're out of that. Two, the controlling issue, and particularly in the Medicare-related business, will be the network. If they have a network that's not in our sweet spot, which is at the lower socioeconomic level, then we won't have any interest in it. So, we have so much organic opportunity. I mean, our pipeline is very robust. We're not really of a mind that we need that to meet our growth targets. If it's there and it makes sense, we do it.
Michael F. Neidorff: For the fourth quarter this year. And then there's other ones we're obviously waiting to hear like others – I mean it's been public that we're one of the people that bid on Pennsylvania. So, we expect to hear about that momentarily and that would probably be a first quarter start. So, there's a lot out there.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think United – and I've a lot of respect for Steve Hemsley and his people and what they do and their approach to things. But they're in a different market than we are, from what I can see. They lost a lot of individuals at ACA and they're at the higher end in the platinum and the gold. To the extent that they have a membership that would fit within our model, sure, we'd take them on. But I'm not anticipating a large gain from that either, just because of the differences.
Michael F. Neidorff: Right now, that's under evaluation and based on the results we've had to date, we would continue to do it. Obviously, it works where we have our Medicaid. I think I commented in my prepared remarks that it works well where we have a strong Medicaid product, because it – we get the term we coined, churn, in and out of Medicaid. So yes, we would do that where those factors are in place.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, obviously, we believe it's going well. And once again, in many conferences I've commented it's a $700 billion category, of which 65% is at 400% of the Federal poverty level and lower. And that's our sweet spot and that's where our networks are now. And so, to the extent – and that's why when people ask about some things that others may have to give up, we question the network that they serve. But we think we have in place a network that that population prefers to use and we'll just expand it, very candidly, when you're in Medicare, you have more orthopedic surgeons and other things that affect more the elderly population. And so, we are filling that out as appropriate and we have a strong team doing it.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah. And in terms of what we spike out and how we do it, I think we also commented that's going to have to evolve because with the eight days of Health Net added in, it changed the mix dramatically. And yet, there was not a lot of time to take that approach and feel comfortable that we're giving you the kind of information that made sense at that point. So, we will continue to work on it. And I think we've always looked for transparency where we had confidence and we're providing sound information.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think if we saw something that was certainly one sided I think we would adjust the guidance in line with that. So, there's no one thing that we can call out. And Jeff can add if he wishes. The only thing I'd call out that's a positive or a negative. But as I've talked about historically, we have a size and a scale that with 24, 25 states growing the number, 260 different contracts within those states, at any given time, you'll have one contract in a state that's an issue and you will have a couple that are offsetting it. So, it's the security and stability of diversification. So, that's what makes it so hard to call out any one particular thing, because I'd like to think there's no one issue that can have a total deleterious effect on the whole company. Hope that helps.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah, that may be their – that's their issue. I think in our comment I said that we saw our performance at the high end of our range. So, our experience is contrary to that. You would have to ask them why their performance is so different from ours.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah. I think, I mean we made a very conscious decision last year that at this point now it's all Centene and we'll just reported it as a consolidated Centene business as trying to compare one from the other. I mean, I just look at the total and it's all headed the right way.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah. I think the infrastructure, of course, is in place. And the advantage we have is that we have very strong decentralized plans that, if you will, to coin a word, our local CEOs and their teams know how to indiginitize product in their market, because you don't just take something from California and parachute it in, right. So, there's that aspect of it. I think the thing that we're cognizant of and thinking about is there's a different acquisition costs in Medicare products, some of us have done historically understand. So, it will not take a gigantic, significant amount of critical mass to start to see it provide some margin to us. But I expect in the first few quarters to have some expense that will not necessarily be fully offset by the revenue. And that's something we'll get more into at year end when we have the specifics and give guidance on 2017, as we always do.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think it will be a combination depending on the particular services. And we're going to – as I said earlier, I think you're going find – you're going to have more orthopedic surgeons type. You're going to have gerontologists. You're going to have certain – you may have more of rheumatologists, those things. And some of those sub-specialties, I expect the rates will be higher than the Medicaid level, because we're not using that much in Medicaid. We're not driving the volume there. So, it's a matter of just being very surgical as we demonstrated before. But the primary care will be our current network and we'll adjust the rate as we see appropriate as we do now with the exchange versus Medicaid. But it's all in line with providing adequate, equitable reimbursement and protecting our margin.
Michael F. Neidorff: As I said, we're kind of looking at it as a total business now. And to try and break that out, it probably takes more time and energy for any benefit from our running the business.
Michael F. Neidorff: I mean, I might add, Brian. I've said in various investor conferences, we're now purchasing $5 billion in pharmaceutical. So, you're going to get the benefit of that kind of scale. In my script, I commented on the purchasing power this company now has as a $40 billion company versus a $22 billion company.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think it's all there, it's pro rata. I mean, if you look at our guidance, it's been consistent. We're realizing it as we expected it. And you know we – Mark is familiar with all of it, having come in as CIO and just working through it and it's where we expected to be and it's pro rata and it's just as we have reported previously.
Michael F. Neidorff: And we started off with a little higher midpoint because of the stock price, but we'll still get there.
Michael F. Neidorff: You probably had – we've had our board meetings and our committee meetings and things taking place last night and today. You probably had a little – I mean, I'm not trying to be smart about it, but you've probably had more time to look at it than we had to this point. And I just had our Washington office give us a quick summary that they see nothing deleterious to our operation and no surprises. And that's the extent I have right now until the team moves past the next day or so and then can really dig into it.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think if you look at – on the risk adjusting, we feel we're the net payer in our states. So, it really does not have an impact as in the same sense that somebody that has the receivable.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think there's – it will still be very balanced growth. There's probably 4 million lives unidentified – undocumented as well as unidentified Medicaid lives, plus all the categories that are there that will provide growth, this ongoing exchange business, we continue to increase penetration. So, it's what you see against all our markets with other new products and things that we do over time. And I'm not going to tip my hand to the competition what I have in mind, but we have thought and expect it to grow consistent with our rates of growth.
Michael F. Neidorff: All right. Thank you all. I think – I would hope you've got the sense that the integration is going very well. It's at or ahead of schedule, that the teams are working well together, that the business is where we expect it to be and want it to be. And we look forward to giving you in-person report at our June conference in New York. So, have a good second quarter along with us. Thanks.
Jesse N. Hunter: No. I think that's right. I mean those are – I think as Jeff referenced on the Specialty Pharmacy front, there's some more macro trends with respect to that particular therapy and then just a one-off customer-specific item that was in the one-time category.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. I think the part of the issue – or Andy, this is Jesse Hunter. So, part of the issue is how that will be reported. So, you have some internal versus external. So, to the extent that you're talking about the integration, if you will, of specialty services, that is – comments there are consistent with what we talked about separately. There is very much a plan to in-source what we can in terms of the specialty services. That will happen over the course of time in a way that we feel like those things can be done efficiently and effectively. But that won't necessarily flow through the kind of the line item on the P&L that you're referencing.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah, Brian, this is Jesse. So, definitely, as we referenced before, pharmacy is a meaningful part of the overall synergy story. So, the additional volume from the combined business is part of that. But we're not going to go down the path of breaking out specific script volume in conjunction with that.
