Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah. I'd be happy to. Yeah. I'll start off and Jeff and others can add to it. There's been reports out on the flu, so I wanted to ensure that you all understood we've been tracking it. Last year was a very low base, so it's higher than last year. It is peaking earlier. It's all contained within the guidance that we've given you. And so, it's not a surprise. I was only really trying to just clarify it to avoid any confusion later, Sarah. As it relates to the second part of your question, we took an approach of being conservative in looking at the exchanges and the costs. Why? Because everybody was doing it anyway and we said, let's just build it in to people who are comfortable that we've done, it's that the, we could still achieve our range that we originally talked about the high end. And it's just being extremely conservative. It's still a great year with lot of upside, and we said everybody is so concerned about this now. As I said, early indications and it's one month, so it's – but it's importantly – you look at the demographics of the population that is very consistent with what we've had success within the past. So, it was just the case of saying, let's be conservative. It's much better to meet and beat than later on saying that it didn't quite come out as we expect. So it's just the comfort zone, I think for investors and ourselves.
Michael F. Neidorff: Right. So I think, first of all, in Arizona, there were two issues going back. We had the Health Net PPO product which went away December 31. We then went back in and we entered with our design product that we have used everywhere and contrary to what people think, I mean, in the insurance business an ideal world is where you do a carry or replace. It ensures you get the full balanced book of business and that's something we've learned a long time ago. So as it relates to Arizona and going in by example in any of the new markets, we've used our same design – product design, we've used our same network approach to it and we've been very consistent. And when we took that any experience we had in Arizona through the old business and look at it through our lens, it said, it should perform consistent with our expectations of any of our businesses. And 90% plus of it is in the silver tiers we said, which is the area we have the most success and with the subsidized members. So it's very consistent.
Michael F. Neidorff: And it's still a period when always period was taking place, you are not really having discussions about it, so.
Michael F. Neidorff: So, it's going to be – it's an 80/20 joint venture with us having the 80. It's certainly – typically we've done in other markets very successfully. We work with the physicians on the medical policies and practices. The financial side of things we manage. And it will – in the end, ensure their involvement on how medicine is practiced, which is something we've always subscribed to in all markets. So there's no change there. But, yes, we think it's particularly important with the state that as large as that and as new as it is to really I've called it out and we want to doctors understanding that they will have every opportunity to view the medical policies and practices. And then – but from a financial standpoint, we will be managing that for.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think history has shown true if they wish to provide with others, that's fine. But doctors tend to prefer or like the brands that that involve with. So we'll wait and see how that unfolds.
Michael F. Neidorff: We did not see anything so far that says, we're getting – we attracted any different members that we typically have, and other people in the room here are shaking their head yes.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, we're still working through the operational systems, the claims payment, some of the medical management things being put in place. And Mark Brooks is doing an outstanding job for us in that area and working through very methodically. Some of them will be bringing back from offshore, some of the claims payment. That something is nothing to do with the current political environment. We announced that we will be doing that with the acquisition almost two years ago now. So that's consistent with our approach. So, those kinds of things and actually when we look at it, we're more efficient in our automated claims payment here in the U.S. and when it is offshore. So, we see all those things still to come to bear. But I keep encouraging and I think the senior management encourage everybody that's involved with the execution, it's not how fast, it's how well, it's on target. I think what was important to us and what I highlighted before, the things that have been integrated, the cultural thing, the HR, the general ledger where we're moving the IBNR system to ours running parallel in the first quarter, and then we'll be putting in our system, those kinds of things. It's really work the way one would expect it to and then some, and I'll gratuitously take advantage of your questions rolling one other thing. It gives us a great deal of confidence in our ability to take on a fairly large acquisition, one that was not simple and had some issues and integrated effectively, and so it's all worked on schedule.
Michael F. Neidorff: I had – we had our board meeting yesterday. And as you know, we have a couple of very knowledgeable board members. In our discussions, everybody is of one mind, you maintain business as usual and as I try to say in my prepared remarks, this is a population that I think everybody is going to work very hard to minimize the transition, the impact on the states and on the recipients. And our approach is going to be what it was this past year, continue to move ahead very effectively and – I'll go back and say that in 2008 when President Obama was elected, there were lot of concerns of what was going to happen? We said, business as usual. And we're just going to adapt to where it has to be and we're just going to continue down on 2018. We'll have this current exchange program or wherever we move to and we're comfortable we have the capability just to continue to do it. I'm not backing off at all in other words.
Michael F. Neidorff: We don't expect much credit for one-time gains and so that's an opportunity to build up a foundation that over time will help to ensure our ability to the earnings up. We're not there yet to maintain our commitment to all our communities across the country.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I want to call out the state and everyone else that understood the issues and helped us to do it. And we were able to effect the pricing and just create the right environment the way it should be. We took a much smaller price increase than what you originally heard about.
Michael F. Neidorff: I'll just comment that there's been a couple of states that we're in force now that have talked about delaying the re-procurement for a year. I think Kansas and there was one other one, which is five. I mean we're in force there and, some say it's business as usual. They want to do that, we can live, either way it's fine with us. Though the MLR, I don't know how it's...
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, there have been, or ways to do some of that risk. We are moving to risk type contracting. And those are things yet to be worked out. We're in the early stages of those discussions, but it will be done in a way that's very balanced and fair to both sides and we've had great success with that. We have a shared risk where the physicians are taking on the ambulatory risk and we share in the inpatient/outpatient services. So, we have some model that I don't want to, for competitive reasons at this point, get too specific. But we have the systems capability we're developing, and continue to look at risk sharing with providers, but not at the global cap level. We've seen too many people have issues with that.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well we were kind of in the totality of it, in totality. We said from the beginning, we're going to go very cautious in the new states. I mean it's just the way we do it. We did that with the exchange, get the experience, understand it. It's as much we have – we think we have a lot of capabilities at headquarters, but you really need to get your state employees. Those that are executing day-in day-out, get them very comfortable, train on just how they're doing it and then you end up with a much more successful longer term growing business. So it's just really taking that approach, Kevin.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah. As I said, we say commercial there's two aspects to it, there's what California is doing in small and large group and then there's the exchange. We kind of say that's all commercial. So, the exchange business, I think we've talked about and you have the sense. We're still very committed to the commercial business in California, large and small group, and Jeff probably has a few numbers on it, he can share and help us.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah. We're talking – we're very active in D.C., talking about all aspects of this business, and we think that the tax – call the taxes as the fees, are on the table for discussion. And particularly in the Medicaid business, we've been demonstrating that it's very circular. If we pay $1 in, because the actuarial soundness of rates by the time the state has to gross it up to keep our rates and they get reimbursed, it's costing them money. So we're showing them that. And we're also explaining that as they look at all these things, somewhere in the commercial, in other words, it finds its way into the pricing and they're talking about reducing the price of insurance, so that's on the table. At this point, there's no fixed or set anchoring on any particular point. It's all up in the air. So I'm not going to commit one way the other. I'll just say that we continue to work on it and I want to be cautiously optimistic we'll get a positive solution.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes I do. I think – nobody – if you eliminate that support, that's the same as doing away with the product. I don't know if anybody wants to see that large number of people are back out on the street so to speak without insurance. And I think they will be – we believe strongly that that will be maintained.
Michael F. Neidorff: And we really prefer – I mean we planned on that. We have the systems and the capability to manage that population and we can safe to say there's a lot of money there while improving outcomes.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think our mindset is – our population is 400% of the federal poverty level and below, and we're very focused. We're not trying to continue to grow beyond that except in California where we have the large group business and they have historically the relationships to support that. But if any of the providers that fit within our traditional provider group want to join, we'll be happy talk to, but we refined that the network we have is very adequate for the population we're attracting and serving.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yeah. I think we talked about that at our December Investor Day. So, yes, I mean we mentioned that. So that was in – I mean, nothing's changed since our December Investor Day.
Michael F. Neidorff: We've been talking about the band, so he is showing us. So, I mean any of these things he does that improves it, there's going to be a lot of discussion about it. So it's all good. I mean, I'm just comfortable that we have our proposals into the decision makers. They understand it. They understand how big we are in this business, so it carries some weight. They're soliciting some of our opinions. We have a very active Washington office. So, any of these things that expand that correct some of the things, that needed corrected will only help us.
Michael F. Neidorff: I want to thank you all for participating and I will tell you, I look forward to, for you to have more this kinds of calls with the kind of the results we delivered this past quarters. So, off to 2017 we go. Have a great year, everybody.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yes. So, just a quick thing on that. If you recall the minimum MLR in California actually ended on July 1, actually June 30. So, the minimum MLR rebate provisions, I think, they began in January 2014 and then went all the way up through June 30 of 2016. And in the third quarter, we had mentioned that we had roughly $0.09, I think in the guidance for the full year which really represented the current year effect for our California Health & Wellness plan, and then subsequent to the acquisition date for the Health Net plan. So, in total, it was around 200 – a little over $220 million of benefit for us for the full year, so that's little over $25 million of its effectively in the adjusted diluted earnings per share number, pre-tax.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. Yeah. Obviously, we have – it does and obviously we have an $800 million range on that, so it's early in the year contracts start dates, et cetera, et cetera. We just thought it prudent to just keep the same guidance range with $800 million spread we have on the range.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: No. We do not have visibility at this time. I can give you a range of membership. I'd say we're looking at maybe 75,000 to 100,000 members, so hopefully that's helpful, but more to come obviously when the state finalizes its allocation methodology.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah, we've done this in the past. I think if you go back last year, anytime we usually have these kind of one-time benefits, we usually do some of the charitable contribution to our foundation.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. As far as the MLR – this is Jeff. Hey, Lance. So, I think we've historically said that usually long-term care products are underwritten close to the mid-90s, it's a little bit below the mid-90s range because of the size of the premium. So we're seeing, I mean that's consistent with our experience, relatively close to where the state's underwriting the program.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. Total around the year-end is going to be around $425 million of risk adjustment payable. You'll see that in our 10-K.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: That's just risk adjustment payable. So obviously, we'll have a receivable on the reinsurance, right, kind of goes the other way. Yeah.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. Those are relatively inconsequential as far as you look at the whole year. I mean, the majority of it's going to be in the risk adjustment payable and the reinsurance receivable.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. So, a couple of things. If you recall, we took a lot actions in 2016 to improve the performance on the small group business. So I think our expectation is, is that that's going to be more profitable heading into 2017. Large groups have been very consistent. It's been a profit contributor in 2016, and we have the same expectations for 2017.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: I think if you just look at our press release and you look at the fourth quarter commercial, you'll notice membership's down. Some of that's just a normal attrition of the exchange members, but the other component of that is lower membership in the small group and a little bit lower membership in the large group. And you have to remember, a bulk of those blocks renew for January 1. A large part of that business renews in December for January 1. So I think what you've seen is our actions around pricing and other network actions take effect. And so, the membership will be a little bit lower as we jump off the year. It's still in line with our forecast we projected this, but more profitable.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. So, this is Jeff. I mean, specifically, for the largest part of our business, there is no effect, right, on the Medicaid side. Those are predominantly pass through with the gross up et cetera, et cetera. I mean – I think we've talked about the Medicare before and I mean we just took that into totality in our pricing, right. So I don't see it as any benefit as far as that is concerned. And then on the – Michael, if you want to...
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: It assumes break even. I mean, what we've said is we expect it to be roughly breakeven. We said that at December Investor Day, and that's still our message today.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. I think what we've always held this long-term pre-tax margin of between 3% and 5%. I think, obviously, there's a lot of opportunity of margin. We've talked about synergies and the run rate synergies and executing on those. I think we still have room to go as far as systems and the operational systems that Michael mentioned before. Additionally, there's always investment income. Right now, interest rates are relatively low. So there's a lot of thing, I think, out there for the opportunity to expand margins in the future.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Yeah. And this is Jeff. I'll answer your second question. It doesn't change our views because ultimately, the minimum MLR ended in June 30 and they were accruing to that level. And in July 1, there was a rate reduction in the Medicaid expansion rates, sizable rate reduction, really in combination with eliminating the minimum MLR. So it doesn't change our views on the profitability of that product going forward.
Jeffrey A. Schwaneke: Predominantly. I mean, last year was a moderate level of flu. So, there's a lots of puts and takes. Obviously, we're managing over 300 products, 29 states, so I mean it's a $46 billion business this year.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah, Josh. This is Jesse. So, we have some visibility on those. Obviously, we don't get into the specificity of which carrier in terms of exits and the like. And I think when we look at the pieces here, the most relevant data point is what Michael mentioned before that in aggregate, our key demographics, subsidy levels, metal tier, age, gender, up and down the line are almost entirely in line with our prior experience.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. I think the way to I think – yeah, excuse me, Gary. The way to think about kind of those two markets on the legacy Health Net side as we – Michael touched on Maricopa previously. So we have 100% of that market. It was directionally 100,000 members last year, so that's consistent with what we're seeing for 2017. And then on the California front, I'd say pretty – it's relatively consistent with what Health Net had seen historically, so I think kind of mid 100,000 range.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. Kevin, this is Jesse. So, not a lot that we would be – that was kind of worth sharing it at this point. As Michael mentioned in his other comments, we've talked about consistently our focus is on making sure that we have a product that is attractive for the lower income seniors. So that will continue to be the focus as we apply the test-and-learn approach that we've talked about.
Jesse N. Hunter: I don't want to get too specific in terms of retention rates and other things on that, Justin. But I would say, as Michael is referencing, we had – with over 0.5 million lives last year and our retention rate was actually, I think it was the highest year that we have had of any of the subsequent years. Our retention rate was higher from 2016 to 2017 than we've had in the past. So I'd say, at least in line and I'd say a little bit better than what we've seen historically.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. I think one thing just in general that we've seen over the last approaching a decade now, states have moved, the higher acuity more complicated populations in the advantage care and there's has been a lot of demonstrated success around that. So if you think about this environment where there's going to be more flexibility at the state level and more focused on cost containment while improving quality. I think you would look at long-term care, other complex populations being a real catalyst for more opportunity at the state level.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. Christine, in terms of the markets where we've had stronger presence on the marketplace in 2017, so not surprisingly that matches up with where we have just a stronger presence generally at the local level. So states like Texas, in addition to the California and Arizona markets, so Texas, Florida, Georgia, those are all markets where we have a meaningful marketplace presence in 2017.
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah. I'm not sure we'd comment a lot on that, Ana. Just other than to say that the preliminary view is in line with expectations. Our analysis is pretty consistent with lot of the reports that we've seen that have come out over the course of last week. So, there are some variability from state-to-state. So we're not in a position to get into that, just yet. But I think it's a good starting point, it's how I would characterize it.
