Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, the big -- included in the prior quarter, the biggest item was a previously announced termination that we had in that segment that was effective at the end of second quarter.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Honestly, Matt, in terms of the calendarization of it, it's a little bit early for me to give you kind of a precise turning point. But I would say is, obviously, with Florida and AlphaCare being the big drivers on a few things, one, we do expect MLR improvement, as I mentioned, in Florida pretty much on a sustained basis over the next several months as we really are able to ramp up fully our care management initiatives. And then secondly, with AlphaCare, I think we noted in the script, we really expect that business to get to scale at some point in 2015, and there, as of now, the states plans are to go live 1/1/15 with the FIDA program, this is the dual-eligible demonstration program with auto-enrollment happening in April. So a lot is going to be based on do those dates [indiscernible] and is the timing of scaling that operation according to plan. But what I would say is I'd expect, certainly, first quarter to be an improvement over what we're seeing over the balance of this year and then sequential improvement as we get into the second and third quarter next year.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes. At this point, Dave, again, we're not -- we haven't completed the plan. So I can't give you kind of a precise number. But I would say, again, that we do expect the growth to be material next year. And we've talked about some of the drivers. I think you can sense that, especially with the turnaround in MCC that we do believe that it will be meaningful. But beyond that, at this stage, again, we're giving the directional commentary now. We will, in mid-December, give you much more specificity on the numbers.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, yes. Unfortunately, David, I mean, we'd all love to have a lot more data at this point, but the reality is for a large portion of the claims, we still are really dealing with a combination of leading indicators and underwriting assumptions. So it's very hard yet for us to have enough data even to break down the cohorts as you're describing. But to give you some sense, pharmacy data, we've got very complete claims. So we have a good sense for it, and that's right in line with our expectations. The plus side is on outpatient. We really have very little because things aren't preauthorized and pay claims now really are only about 1/4 of what our current accrual is. Now on inpatient, we do have preauthorization data. But even the process of having complete preauthorization data as we're ramping up takes a little bit of time. There's a lag in working with providers and getting things into our system. So even with the July cohort, only being a couple of months old, the actual data is so incomplete that we're still dealing with the best information we have and is available but still dealing with things on an estimated basis. So I hesitate to have soft precision at this point. But as we get into the next quarter, into next year, we should have much better data and be able to break some of those things down for you.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, in Commercial -- I mean, just into the prior period development, Dave, we also had some other onetime items, including customer settlements. If you were to look at the MLR sort of on a true operating basis, kind of backing out the onetimers, we'd be in the low 70s this quarter. So still a very, very good quarter. But the recorded MLR of around 65% is lower than what that true run rate is. So think about it sort of in the low 70s as being the normal run rate that we're seeing this quarter, which, again, is still quite good.
Jonathan N. Rubin: On a year-to-date basis -- honestly, Carl, I don't have the year-to-date number at my fingertips. But you're -- it's not a really big number. I mean, it's probably in the range of $15 million-ish on a year-to-date basis, most of that in this quarter.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes. Well, again, our expectation is that we ramp up, especially on inpatient where we can have the biggest impact on the precertification and managing length of stay. We expect that there is the opportunity for sequential improvement each quarter. Having said that, we're not banking in our guidance on any material improvement from third to fourth quarter.
Jonathan N. Rubin: I think we gave a range of like between $10,000 and $15,000 last quarter. And we just sharpened it knowing what the risk adjustors were and getting the actual data from the states to $12,000. So it really wasn't, in our view, a meaningful change. It was just being a little bit more precise.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, on the second thing, and this is not overly precise, Ana, but I would say in general, again, we would -- we'd be planning long term to have the MLR closer to 90% than 100%. I'd say in very round numbers, 100% probably assumes about our management capabilities being at about half of what they'll ultimately be. So if you think of fee-for-service population, we'd probably be maybe 10% higher than where we are now. But ultimately, we see still good opportunity. Part of it is just timing. We spent a lot of time really implementing the program. The enrollment working with providers, and now we're at the point again where we really feel we have the ability to ramp up our management capabilities and have kind of the impact going forward.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, just a couple of comments on that. One, on the pharmacy, I think we're managing the pharmacy well now. I wouldn't say there's no further opportunities. I think as we -- especially as we integrate the pharmacy and the medical data, I think there's additional opportunities that we'll find and are looking to find over the upcoming months. In terms of the broader opportunity, again, we see most of the opportunity initially at least being on the inpatient side, and that's really what we mainly considered as we talked about moving the program forward and improving the results as we expect we would over time. Again, long term, I think there's additional opportunities, Ana. So for example, impacting readmission rates, improving the overall health of the population because we know this SMI population has been underserved by the current care models, and we've got a very specific model of care to address it. But some of those things are longer term. And therefore, we haven't banked on those in our initial projection.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, Scott, I mean, it's a hard question to answer because any one contract bounces around a lot from quarter-to-quarter. But I wouldn't say that, overall, that, that meaningfully lifted the segment other than the fact that, obviously, it alters the mix a little bit between risk and ASO, if you're looking at percentage margins. But aside from that, I wouldn't view that as a huge driver.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Yes, I think there's a little bit of favorable development. But the bigger issue was -- and we talked about this last quarter. Last quarter, we had a little bit of a seasonally higher quarter. And I think, as I mentioned in the last call when asked, that my expectation was really more consistent with what we were seeing year-to-date through second quarter, which was between 80% and 81%. That's essentially what we ran this quarter. So I would really look at the sequential as just being some noise and really look at year-to-date as being representative of how that business is running.
Jonathan N. Rubin: Not necessarily. I mean, in our long-term targets, what we really said there is that that's, long term, over a 3- to 5-year period. If you think specifically about 2015, there's a couple of things that will temper the growth versus where we ultimately think we'll be, and that really relates primarily to the termination of the Maricopa contract, which happened at the end of the first quarter this year. But we sort of lose a quarter of that as we go into next year on an annualized basis. So if you adjust for that, you're probably up in the range. But again, we'll give a lot more details in December.
Jonathan N. Rubin: No. No, we don't project contingency reversals because we obviously don't know they're going to happen until the statute of limitation goes by. So we don't generally project those, especially the larger ones that we've seen over the last 2 years in the federal side. Now in terms of our -- in terms of the tax contingency, the one thing I do want to point out is with the reversal we had this year, there really isn't much remaining on the federal contingency. So while we've had some benefit over the last couple of years in the tax rate, we shouldn't see anything near that magnitude as we go forward.
Barry M. Smith: And, Matt, just to add to that to underscore the importance of the timing of the FIDA program in New York, I don't know what's happening on 4 1 [ph]. The revenues PMPM go from $4,000 just for the Medicaid with an additional $2,000 with the bio-clinical program for Medicare. So $6,000 PMPM. So it has a material impact when that goes live in New York.
Barry M. Smith: And, Dave, Barry here. Just to add to Jon's good comments here. On the pharmacy piece, again, as Jon mentioned, the costs are pretty much in line with what we anticipated. We know that others had, had some challenges with the pharmaceutical piece. This is something we do very well. We have been running the states of PDL already. We're very familiar with the formulary, and we have great expertise in the pharmacy. That's important in these populations because they have sometimes at least half to 2x the drug spend. So having that expertise is critical for us, and thus far, it's worked out well for us.
Barry M. Smith: Thanks, Ana. On the 70%, I think what we've said historically is that for the SMI population within Magellan prior to building out the physical mess of networks, we internally could manage $0.70 of every dollar. That's been a real advantage, of course, because we work with this population, the BH side. We have unique and particular expertise in the pharmaceutical world. And so that's what we were saying historically. As it worked out to be that, obviously, in our experience with Florida. Jon, on the...
Barry M. Smith: Ana, one additional comment is that the [indiscernible] provision for continuity of care for those individuals who are already in a health -- in an inpatient setting, for example, in a care plan, and there's a specific time for an enrollee that we maintain that care plan, after which we can implement our care plan and plan our management process. So that also has an impact as these enrollees have been layering in month after month. We'll be able to manage those more appropriately going forward.
Barry M. Smith: Well, as it relates to Sovaldi, we've seen a pretty significant year-over-year from third quarter of last year to third quarter of this year. For example, there's been about a 250% increase in our commercial PBM business. Total hep C PMPM spend from the Q3 of $0.31 to Q3 2014 of $1.10. And you might have mentioned or heard in the CBS research report that came off recently, they talk about these big increases, but they also expect to see a peak in hep C as new agents come out, and you kind of see a peak of use of Sovaldi. Now you may be aware, I'm sure you are, that Harvoni has been recently approved by the FDA. This is a combo drug. The Sovaldi regimen for a 12-week period costs $84,000. The Harvoni regimen, it's a combo drug. So the pegylated interferon isn't required -- some of the injectables that typically are used in combo with Sovaldi to mitigate some of the flu-like symptoms with the use of Sovaldi. These are -- this is a combined -- a combo drug. It's also taken orally. So the patients still take a pill once a day. But the cost increase, again, is 94 5. So dependent upon the regimen use for Sovaldi going to Harvoni, it can be a cost saver or it could cost more. It's hard to know. But it's certainly more on an ongoing basis, at least initially, for the drug itself. So we see this increase is happening, but we do see kind of a slowing down in the most recent quarter of the spend for these medications, and so -- for the hep C category in total. So we would expect to see that happen as new therapeutic alternative are introduced over the next couple of quarters. And then in some cases, people are kind of holding off for these new medications, which are more cost-effective in terms of the management, the medical management of these medications. So we would expect to see Sovaldi to kind of peak out. Harvoni, we think will do well because it's a pill oral form, and that'll be very popular. But we also think the introduction of therapeutic alternatives will really cause a lot of price pressure on these alternatives going forward. So we hope to see through next year moderation of the cost for hep C treatment.
Barry M. Smith: Yes. I think that the Texas contract -- I think there are several contracts outstanding, and that the Texas contract is actually out already, and we did not win that contract, the incumbent won. In fact, these are typically up, but most state contracts, the incumbent maintain the business. And I just -- I think it's a good example of the fact that these contracts can be quite sticky, and there's a real benefit to being the incumbent. And so in this particular case in Texas, we did not win that, but the incumbent did. What happens typically is that when there's a real change in the combination of both behavioral and physical medicine and there's a real change in the model, there's a greater opportunity for us. But again, in Texas, we didn't win that contract.
Barry M. Smith: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you in December when we provide complete details of our 2015 guidance. Take care.
