Michael Neidorff: Yes. We've talked about -- we said pretax, we'd like to be in the 3% to 5% range. We also said we want to see our increases be very sustainable. So, I'm not looking for big swings where we jump up to 5.5 and then back down and prior period adjustments and all the things that occur in that environment. And so, we're looking at 3% to 5% on a very sustainable basis. Equally important is our continued diversification of our business, which really unlike -- a lot like individuals that invest in our Company, have diversified portfolios. We are in the government services area. But, as we diversify with -- and move more and more into the pharmaceutical and others, some margins may be less, some greater, but on balance, Josh, 3% to 5% is the goal on a very sustainable basis. And I think we'll see margins increasing again this year.
Michael Neidorff: You're breaking up a little bit, Kevin. I think, I heard you saying you want to understand what the headwinds and tailwinds were and were they included in our guidance. And what we said is that -- what I've said is those -- we commented a couple were, but on balance, we have not adjusted our guidance for them. It's just too early. We have one month of experience. And as you just heard, the environment is changing. And to the positive, that's why I said that we see that when you take the headwinds and the tailwinds, the tendency or the trend is to the positive. But, until we have more definition, and it's difficult to prop from one point, you can't. So, we said that we have one month under our belt. These are where -- this is where it stands. Here are the headwinds. But, there's a lot of tailwinds to offset and there's strong tailwinds. So, we're encouraged by that. We're encouraged by what Ways and Means put out. Now, that may not be the final form, but it shows the direction they're leading. So, while they're not in the guidance, I want to be clear on that. We found it important for transparency for people to understand these are the things we should be evaluating.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think both. In other words, with the FMAP, the -- what the states can do on -- and they're looking at expansion, as you just heard and other things of that nature, is to give the state some relief. And I think it will minimize the need to try and pull back rates. So, on balance, it's a good thing for us. But I want to emphasize that when we hear the states are adjusting risk corridors or they're trying to pull money back, it's because they see the utilization’s down. And so, they see that as a reason to do it and to offset it. So, there's a balance there. FMAP will just give them more comfort and help them cover the additional employees. Brian, [ph] is there anything you'd add to that? No? Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: I think, they -- we know that the administration wants to bring uninsured in, okay? And they're very committed to it. But, I asked Jon to speak. It’s just fresh off the press. And we haven't had a chance to study it to the depths we like to. So, I guess, A.J., we're going to wait and give you more definition as it unfolds. But, the essence of it is as positive.
Michael Neidorff: I'll start out and just -- and then I'll let Jeff pick up on the others. But, I think what's really important -- and thanks for giving me a chance to say this. So, when you look at the kind of year it's been with the COVID and the peaks and how strong the peaks are and the geographic diversity of it were very strong, I think it's very difficult to evaluate, very minute changes in MLR, product by product, business by business. And so, I just -- I want to encourage everyone to look at the most broad things that you know, they came in within a more than acceptable range for the environment in which we're in. I consider it really well done. But, I'll let Jeff speak to your specifics.
Michael Neidorff: Hey Matt, the state has set October 1 for both plans. And I've never put my hand on starting dates that states your view. And if it did so, Jeff in his remarks said about $250 million in revenue, margin and start-up costs and other things in there. We'll give more definition on our Q1 call on that. So, I think that's part of it. In terms of redetermination, we -- right now, they've issued a letter saying that they expect to continue it until the end of the year, extend the emergency. But, I want to confirm before I start building into the guidance and giving you numbers. And that's why I said one month does not a year make. And so, kind of bear with us, recognize that that's a strong upside for us, if it happens, and we've seen it historically. But, until they confirm it, that's why we've said, it makes sense to give you all this information as best we can on our Q1 call. But I did want to be transparent and say, these are the tailwinds, these are the headwinds. And you can see that on balance, there are very strong tailwinds.
Michael Neidorff: Be glad to. I think, PANTHERx, while we've said will be breakeven this year and as the $1 billion of revenue, it's important that it adds to the specialty pharma, which we have a leadership position in growing. It adds the orphan drugs, which are a critical part, and we get help in. We're committed to the pricing, keeping it affordable for everybody to the extent we can. But, we don't control that. That's we get -- we're a distributor of it. But, it gives us great insights into it. So, what -- that's the specialty side and that's why we did that add to it. As it relates to the total platform, we're going to be adding significant assets through the Magellan acquisition. We have various platforms out there. And I've asked Drew Asher, who I think we all recognize is a very competent executive and working on the pharmacy side, to put together his full recommendations for us on how best to approach it, which is the final platform we should use, but it would be premature to give a whole lot of guidance until we have approval on the Magellan acquisition. But, it's -- we see it as very positive. We have -- I know we're purchasing prior to this over $30 billion a year in pharmaceuticals, working with various platforms and put it all together. So, it's a long-winded answer, but it's -- to give you as much transparency, and it's a great opportunity. And Drew is working through and will determine how best to capitalize on. And based on his prior experience, I think, people can have confidence it will be well done.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I have not given any guidance on that. We gave you the order of priority. I mean, obviously, with Oklahoma and other plans as they grow, the RBC has to be increased, and that's the first one. We do want to retire debt. Our bonds -- our credit ratings continue to improve, and we want to continue that pressure. We're approaching investment grade. We have one rating there now. And so, that's the second one. We do have some smaller acquisitions we are looking at. And so, we would use some capital for that. But, we want investors to understand that as -- based on what the stock price is and the accretion, and I have a pocket piece that says an ex price, here's the anticipated accretion we will be back in the market by -- on a 10b5. And let me just take 30 seconds on that that because we are a company that does a lot of acquisitions, and we have inside knowledge, we have to provide no different than we have to proceed when there's an open window, file a 10b5, that says here's the criteria for buying the stock, if it's a disaccretion by x, and there'll be a bank that has those instructions. It has the authority to do it on that basis. So, it's a combination of those kinds of things. And it's -- if the stock continues to move up, there will be less repurchase, but it's there. And obviously, people want us to repurchase when it makes accretive sense.
Michael Neidorff: Okay. Sure. The revenue, we tend to give you that one year at a time. And we say, we're going to be -- we are a growth company. And I don't want to get too far ahead of myself on that. But, when you look at the year we came off of, this one is 59%, a significant number. I don't think I'll have -- we'll see that next year, but who knows? And I say that tongue in cheek. But, the restructuring, it’s been a hobby horse of ours for some time. And we've done these acquisitions. And they're very effective and they're accretive. But, I don't believe we've really leveraged our scale and size. And it's something we've been talking with our senior staff about. We've been making material investments in systems that really help improve the efficiency. So, this -- and right now, very candidly, there is a demand for healthcare employees and workers. So, considering the -- taking this action, we're doing at a time when -- we believe individuals will be able to find and they're getting lots of support. There's $69 million of severance we built in there for everybody. So, we're going to be very supportive of that. But, this is just the case at time now -- every time we brought some people, we would come and say we just added this, I need 5, 10, 15 more employees. And we've cut back. As we looked at it in legal and other areas, we have found that as we've gotten into our scale and size, and we've hired more confident people, we've been able to reduce the numbers. So, this is something we wanted to do for some time. And it reflects in combination with canceled positions, about 6% of our workforce, which we think is material. And a lot of it is going to be improved technology that’s going to give us -- I gave an example. I know I'm getting longwinded, but I want to give you an example. We talked about how we just tested in Florida that when something is preauthorized and then the claim comes in, the nurses have to look at it and make sure it was justified. Well, we now have artificial intelligence. What used to take them 18 minutes to look at the claims, can now be done in 3.5 seconds. Now, if it says, no, it's not qualified, then we still want an individual to review it. You don't say no just primarily as we get experience with the AI. But, that's the kind of thing that improves the efficiency and service, and that the claim gets paid faster, et cetera. That's where we're headed, and that's why the reduction in force. Longwinded answer, I hope it answers it for you.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think right now, as I said, with one month experience, we're not changing it. And it's difficult to trend from one point. You can't trend from one point. And so, we've said, look, rather than put something out there that we then have to change on Q1, let's give you the factors, so you understand why we see it as a positive trend. I mean, the redetermination, depending -- right now, they're talking about spending a quarter-by-quarter, but if they go to the year-end, that becomes a significant improvement. Okay? Some of the rate adjustments I highlight haven't been approved yet by CMS, and their actuaries are looking at actuarial soundness on it. So, there's so many variables in it that -- I just don't want to put something out there that we don't have confidence reflects the facts that has some sense of precision to it at this point in time. And I'm not trying to be vague about it. That's why we gave the headwinds and tailwinds, saying, this is all out there. And you can see how in the environment in which we're operating, it's difficult. I mean, I was listening to the late news last night, and they were talking about the new virus and the intensity of it and the wave. I mean, there are variables out there that are changing things. We're living in area where things are choppy. So bear with us in saying, hey, they're being transparent, they're telling us the things that could change it to give us reasons to understand why we're believing what we do. But to try and quantify it, I mean, it's like before -- it's a -- I always use the analogy, before they were able to tell you ahead of time where you're having a boy or girl, the obstetrician once said, well, if I say it's a girl and it turns out to be a girl, you’re going to think I'm brilliant. If it turns out to be a boy, you're going to say, God, you don't know anything. So, there's a lot here of unknowns with the inability to predict it. And so, let's evaluate it. Sorry about that. I wish I could be more precise, but it doesn't lend itself to that with one month experience.
Michael Neidorff: It's -- we see redetermination extended, and we see it as a positive guidance. But, I'm not going to do it month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter. We know when we believe we'll have more clarity by the time we go into the fourth quarter -- or the first quarter -- by the fourth quarter -- the first quarter call.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. And I think as you look forward, going forward, as you heard Jon Dinesman talk about, there is government support envisioned for those programs, which will make it a little less price-sensitive, so that -- we see that as a real positive that people just can't try to buy the business.
Michael Neidorff: Well, there's an offset, and they go to the end of the year, it could be incremental, the can grow quarter-by-quarter. But we believe it'll be sufficient to offset that. And if I knew it was really going to be a whole lot better, then we'd give it to you. But we'll know more, come the Q1 call. But there is -- we believe there'll be enough there to offset that $200 million.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. Well, I think, -- I want to thank you for that question, because we like -- I want to start off, and then I'm going to ask Sarah London who overseas Health Care Enterprises to amplify it a little bit more and give you some more background on it. But, as it relates to buy versus own, with the importance behavioral health is placed and the fact it's so underserved right now and recognized, having these assets as part of our total portfolio, we see as a strong positive and something that over time -- it's no different than -- we first got involved in that specialty pharma, maybe five, six years ago, I think, the first year, we had a carry into $200 million. And now, we talk in the billions. And I think -- because we recognize how specialty pharmas go, I think -- I'm not saying it's going to billions and billions, but the point is, I think we're going to see behavioral health grow. Now, we're also very sensitive to the fact that we want to keep it in other users’ mind, the independence of it. And we see that as a value because the stronger it is in serving other customers, the more we’re eventually being us. And Sarah, you might talk about Health Care Enterprises and how you're structuring it.
Michael Neidorff: So, there could be others. It will vary state by state. But, as I said, if it's actuarially sound, that's one thing. That's fine. And if utilization is down, it will be offset. And that's what CMS is looking at. And so, there could be others, but it's -- while it's a headwind, I think there's some offsetting factors that it's not as problematic...
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think, the CVS partnership does not help or hinder it. So, I'll get that out of the way first. Two, we will treat it as fairly independent over time. Right now, the government service is so big. That's what we're focused on. And as we move internationally, there's some other things, there's opportunities, have to be evaluated first. But, if something came up that was appropriate and would not impact our basic strategy, sure, we'd look at it. We're not going to -- I'm not -- if it's core -- because one has to think about strategically and the -- anything you do that increases the amount of pharma you’re buying, gives you an ongoing benefit to all the people that are using it. So, we're going to be very focused on the strategic impact of everything we do. And I think, I hope, today we demonstrated some of that. So, yes, we might consider some large opportunity there. But, until it presents itself and we can look at it, we have government services help that company.
Michael Neidorff: So, I just want to thank everybody. And I'm actually looking forward to the Q1 call where we'll be able to test our clairvoyance. I would tell you just very quickly, and this is just for the fun of it is, as we get off the phone. We had a court case where it was a class action many, many years ago. It was in the eighth district. And the federal judge in her comments, in her opinion said that Michael Neidorff cannot be considered to be clairvoyant. So, at times like this, I think about the fact that I'm not clear buoyant and that it's been certified by the eighth federal district courts. So, with that, I wish you all stay safe, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, sure. Thanks, A.J. On the first part of the question, yes, it was more acute in the marketplace business, specifically in the inpatient side with the COVID authorizations, and it was a little bit different. I think, some of that's driven by the demographics. You have to remember in the marketplace business, over 90% of that population are adults, whereas in the Medicaid side, it's -- there's a lot of kids in there. So, it was more acute in the marketplace and it pulled us down right below our 5% to 10% range, at the end of the year.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Real quick on that, Justin. So, it's really been the same phenomenon for the year that we've seen. So, in the fourth quarter, I would say total utilization is below the historical trend line. So, obviously, higher COVID costs but lower traditional utilization. And in the fourth quarter, you remember at our Investor Day, we estimated the full year state risk sharing mechanisms would be $790 million. We ended the year roughly at $1 billion. And effectively, that was offset by lower utilization during the quarter. Now, I'll just give you some details on that $1 billion. A piece of that was New York. We had an estimate in for New York, but we didn't have any details on it. We got those details in January. And then, there were some other smaller states, but half of the difference -- you went from $790 million to $1 billion, half of that difference is really related to, I would say, true-up of estimates and normal performance of existing corridor programs that were already in place.
Jeff Schwaneke: Again, I think, the -- what Michael has said earlier, the risk corridor, the $400 million is going to change anyway just based on utilization. I guess, that's what I would point to. And we haven't even finished closing the books for January. So, at this point, what we've done is effectively take December's guidance, the December 18th guide and adjusted for PANTHERx. And we'll provide more information at the end of our first quarter call on a lot of the headwinds and tailwinds that Michael mentioned.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. No, it's -- what we talked about was what Michael just mentioned is that we're investing the savings effectively, right, into the technology and the special enrollment period, et cetera, et cetera.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Sequestration is certainly possible. Yes, so, certainly possible. And I think that would be, while not as large as obviously the redeterminations, that would be a positive as well.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Thanks, Scott. I appreciate it. Yes. You're right, 350,000. We're coming in more like 280,000. There was a shift to Bronze, though, more shift to Bronze, which we kind of highlighted. But, a higher shift into the Bronze, so really no change on the revenue side. And the $800 million, we closed the year with about $800 million, you'll see it when we file the 10-K with about a little over $800 million of a risk adjusted payable. And then, our expectation is still that, that kind of based on the acuity shift goes down relatively close to zero.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. No, we talked about this at our December 18th guidance. We mentioned specifically the headwinds on the risk adjustment side due to the inability of members or they didn't get to their doctor before the end of the year. So, that was already included in our December 18th number.
