Brent Layton: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. I'm happy to be here today to talk about our performance of our core business lines. Over the past 2 years, we've discussed how Centene's size and scale and our ability to be nimble has allowed us to manage through this pandemic. We remain well positioned to provide quality services in a pandemic environment or a return to more normalized utilization. Government-sponsored health care continues to grow in the U.S., and Centene continues to gain momentum across all of our product lines. Our Medicaid business is still growing with membership increasing to $15 million as we closed out 2021. This growth was aided by the ongoing suspension of redeterminations, which I will talk about more in a moment. We continue to see success in our Medicaid business, such as our new contract in Nevada. In Medicare, we ended the year with more than 1.2 million members across 33 states. As we mentioned last month, we experienced strong growth during the open enrollment period and remain on track to meet our 2022 expectations. We benefited from the combination of WellCare's product expertise and Centene's strong provider network and geographic footprint. In 2022, Centene offers plans in 327 new counties as well as 3 new states. We continue to see significant opportunity within Medicare as our expanding footprint makes Centene's product offering available to more than 75% of the country's eligible beneficiaries. Finally, in Marketplace, membership was more than 2.1 million at the end of the year, and we are pleased with our open enrollment results. For 2022, we are excited about our product offerings, which have evolved to meet the demands of our members with greater flexibility, accessibility and affordability. At the same time, we're further expanding our reach, offering Marketplace product in 5 new states. This year, Ambetter is in 49% of all counties in the U.S. This product and geographic expansion translated to solid growth during the open enrollment period. And what makes the sustained momentum in Marketplace more impactful is the fact that we never participated in a race to the bottom with our rates. We remain committed to returning Ambetter margins back to their long-term pretax target of 5% to 7.5%. And I think the initiatives we undertook in Marketplace in 2021 and the pricing discipline showed clear evidence of our ability to execute on our margin goals across all of our business lines. Before handing the call over to Drew, I want to provide a quick update on our thinking of redeterminations. We continue to work closely with our state partners to understand the timing and how to best support the transition. Our current outlook continues to reflect a return of redeterminations in May. But again, this will not be universal and the timing will vary state-by-state. The continuity of care by members that roll off Medicaid remains a top priority. Our breadth of products and services provide Centene a great opportunity to deliver this continuity of care at a low cost through our Marketplace capabilities. We currently offer exchange products in 25 of our 29 Medicaid states. Overall, we are pleased with our competitive position of our portfolio heading into 2022. With that, let me turn the call over to Drew.
Brent Layton: Well, first of all, we're waiting to hear our award in Louisiana. So still we don't have no timetable or update but waiting on Louisiana's award. We are anticipating the California RFP to be released this month, and we've been preparing for that.
Brent Layton: A.J., I'll start, and then I'll kick it over to Drew. In regards to, I think, the announcement you're talking about is Kaiser Permanente, we do not subcontract with Kaiser Permanente in California. So it does not change our RP strategy or any of our approach in the procurement that will be forthcoming. I'll turn it over to you, Drew.
Brent Layton: Yes, absolutely. In fact, pointing you back to the Investor Day slide where we gave a specific bridge by major line of business of HBR progression from 2021 to 2022. And so if you do the math, that shows the impact on the entire HBR. So if you sort of divide that by the percentage that, that business represents, you get to the 500 basis points in commercial. Medicare, we expect around flat. Once again, we didn't price to improve nor do we think it will degradate in 2022, and that creates an opportunity for '23 and beyond in Medicare. And then in Medicaid, we talked about the last few times, we were in public forums talking about a reversion to the mean and utilization returning to a more normalized HBR in Medicaid, which would be up about 130 basis points year-to-year. You see that represented in that waterfall from our Investor Day slides at 90 basis points, but that applies to the entire HBR. It's 130 if you just isolate Medicaid itself. And then with the advanced notice, I think what it does demonstrate is bipartisan support for the Medicare program and agree those rates and elements so far we expect to be workable for next year.
Brent Layton: There's always going to be competition, whether it's Medicare Advantage or whether it's Marketplace. I would say, though, that the smaller players in Medicare Advantage really did not have a meaningful impact in regards to our results and our growth. But we feel good about our positioning and -- over '22 and ongoing.
Brent Layton: Yes, Ricky, I think I'd ask you to orient to the Medicare HBR that we disclosed for 2021, and our expectation of that being sort of in the zone of flat, consistent '21 to '22. That's -- as we explained at Investor Day, it's one of the pieces that our guidance is predicated on. And then, yes, every -- on utilization, every wave, Omicron or every COVID wave since the beginning, there's a -- the deferrable services are less and less impacted. It doesn't mean we don't think there are channel checks tell us that there are surgeries that are being rescheduled for February that would have otherwise been done in January, but the providers are getting more and more resilient in terms of being able to manage both. So there's been a continuing return to, call it, normal utilization over the past 6 to 9 months. Some areas aren't fully there. Like I mentioned, the nonemergent emergency room, which is good, and hopefully, that's a structural change for the industry. We're certainly working with our members and our physicians to try to get members to engage directly with their physicians for nonemergent services. But all of that's factored into the progressions of our HBRs that we laid out at Investor Day.
Brent Layton: Yes. I mean we have been in constant contact well starting last year with both the federal government, and obviously, our state partners. And as Drew said, we've really built a platform between our exchange through to Medicaid. And from that standpoint, whether it's network and communication and planning, we're preparing for this. So wherever that date is, we believe that we have the ability to really be a solution as people want to -- obviously, states want to make sure their citizens have health insurance coverage, and we've been working with them and we're preparing for it.
Brent Layton: Michael, I'll start that and then I'll let Jon Dinesman speak from there. I mean it's clearly a priority of the Biden administration. This has clearly had an impact. It's clearly led to large enrollments from that standpoint. We do anticipate that there will be many efforts, and we anticipate future legislation. But Jon, I'll let you add to that, sir.
Sarah London: Yes, absolutely. So as we've said, there are no exceptions to the portfolio review process. We're being very clear-eyed about all of those noncore assets. We really used USMM to codify that process. And then we've been prioritizing sort of the largest and most independent of assets, which is why you heard an update on international. And as I'm sure you can appreciate for specific updates on execution phase are not always going to be able to be shared incrementally. So we'll definitely share updates with you that we can as we have them. On the PBM front, our strategy there overall has not changed. And so the various PBM assets, including the inbound Magellan assets, are going through that portfolio review process and I think will be subject to the same criteria as all the other assets. So stay tuned for more updates on that.
Sarah London: Yes. As you noted, we are making good progress. We are very focused on hitting those EPS targets for '22, '23 and '24. And we'll always look for upside. But I think the way we look at it, you don't get to kick the extra point if you don't score the touchdown first. So we're staying really focused on our goals, first and foremost, in year.
Sarah London: Yes, it's a great question. I would say we have a pretty strong operating hypothesis going into the RFP about what pieces we want to partner for and what we want to keep in-house, but we're also doing a pass at that work through the lens of value creation to make sure that we still feel like that hypothesis holds. And I think some of that will also be informed, quite frankly, by the conversations that we have with potential partners through the RFP process. But I would say, on balance, keeping those capabilities that allow us to create a differentiated experience for our members and providers, is always going to be the priority.
Andrew Asher: Yes, sure. Thanks. Q3, as I said in my remarks, that's when we got hit with the Delta variant largely, sort of, peaking in August. And Marketplace, which is the vast majority of that commercial line item, sort of took at the hardest in terms of the relative peaks compared to prior variants. And it was the opposite of that with the Omicron variant, which started in the back half of December. So I think that's the -- largely the Q3 to Q4 progression that you're observing in that table, nothing else notable in terms of prior period development. We seek to reestablish at similar levels based upon consistent reserve methodology. So I think that was the driver that caused that.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Good questions and they're all around Marketplace. As we sat here over the summer of 2021, with new product development, we're thinking about how to respond to competition and continuing to hone our portfolio for marketplace. Coupling that with a more disciplined financial bid approach, at least for those bids that were still open in that time frame, we expect meaningful movement in that HBR going from 2021 to 2022. I'll sort of walk you back to our Investor Day and the conference that we were at on January 10. We expect about 500 basis point improvement year-to-year in our commercial. So that commercial line, that's -- we price for and expect to execute on a pretty meaningful improvement, which still won't get us to our final destination, that 5% to 7.5% pretax zone for Marketplace. So it's -- it will be a meaningful movement. And of course, there were some things that we got hit with in 2021 that won't reoccur. That will be part of it, but we make conscious decisions on pricing, which is why we're so pleased to be 2 million-plus in terms of membership coming out of the open enrollment period.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Then on Medicare, yes, A.J., it's sort of a comprehensive project plan, which touches a number of the areas you mentioned. So it's not just pulling clinical initiatives, and we've got a slate of dozens of those initiatives that we brought from other experiences, and we've seen work in other places. It's also the bid process, and quite frankly, having a little bit more of a discipline and a trade-off between growth and margin. And what I'm pleased at is our base of business is 50, 5-0 -- will be 50% higher coming off of the 2021 and 2022 open enrollment period. So expect growth to slow considerably in Medicare, but that's a heck of a base to then approach the margin expansion opportunity. And so the bid process, pushing towards margin will be a multiyear effort. We're not going to try to go get it all in 1 year because we've got to balance the attractiveness of our products. You're right to mention STARS. s will be a little bit more volatility over the next few years. The STARS scores that were released in '21 called the rating year '22, which result in 2023 revenue, looked good. Now we were aided by the disaster relief provisions. And between that and some other operational challenges, the STAR scores that are released in October of 2022, called the rating year '23 STARS scores, which resulted in 2024 revenue, we expect, as I mentioned on the third quarter call, those are to drop. And we've got a lot of work to do to improve our execution around STARS as we look at what we can impact today are essentially the rating year 24 stars for revenue in '25. So we'll have to manage through that -- those cycles, but there are a number of levers to pull in clinical initiatives and just, as Brent mentioned earlier, harnessing the assets of the combined company and continue to push for excellent operational execution.
Andrew Asher: I think you'll have to orient yourself to the HBRs and sort of track in that manner. And don't forget, we also had pharmacy carve-outs in a couple of our states. So that was not insignificant. The impact of that, especially in California, so that was sort of a progression, a mathematical progression right off the top. And then, yes, we're making forward estimates of -- we see returning at least like emergency room access for Medicaid on the emergent side, so things that are truly emerging, that has returned. The non-emergent, we think there's still an opportunity to keep some of that suppressed and redirect members to their PCPs and physicians. So it's a culmination of forward estimates and a view into the right sort of rate environment for Medicaid.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Going back to our June Investor Day, where we first laid out our North Star margin goal of 3.3% after tax and sort of explained that 4.4% pretax. Medicaid is going to be a little bit below that, but it can't be too far below that because it's over 60% of our business. So maybe that helps you frame in your models the different businesses. Medicare would be above the average. And then Marketplace, the highest of the 3 at the 5% to 7.5% pretax as far as long-term targets.
Andrew Asher: I'll tackle the first piece, and then Brent is really close to this on a daily basis, and competition can follow up. I think, Matt, by definition, if we're going to be seeking to expand margin, obviously, there's a trade-off there. You shouldn't expect this to grow 30% like we did last year in terms of membership, which was just a phenomenal, top line result. But now we've got to convert some of that to deliver on margins. So yes, by definition, we will be pushing margin harder in '23, '24 and '25 bids than we did in the '21 and '22 bids, and that's just sort of the opportunity that stands in front of us.
Andrew Asher: Yes. We're not really seeing that volatility you're referring to. I mean we've got multiple channels. The Medicare team over the past 4 or 5 years has developed multiple channels, the W2 workforce are going back a long ways back. And then more recently, next -- in the last 3 or 4 years, Teledigital. We've got -- we actually created our own direct-to-consumer proprietary internal capability. That's another channel. We've got the brokerage channel, which we honed probably a few years ago after the Universal American acquisition. So we've been working on this for a number of years. And then the merger with Centene gave us, as Brent mentioned, access to a much broader footprint, and quite frankly, network just to complement what WellCare had built along the way. So just to give you one data point, our -- I think what you're getting at is sort of that distribution channel of Teledigital and telemarketing. It's about half of our sales, but it was about half of our sales last year, too. So not a real change in the distribution of where we're getting our growth from.
Andrew Asher: Yes. No, obviously, we've been thinking about that. And while there are some characteristics, we don't have good employment data on those that may have gotten employment since they originally qualified for Medicaid. There's some cohorts such as moms post delivery in some states depending on state eligibility rules that they might have otherwise rolled off at a certain point postpartum. So we can look at some of that, but there's not -- it's not like you've got a cohort that we're getting with a rate sell that says, "to be redetermined in the future", so we can make estimates of that. And we've seen, over time, the impact of eligibility going up and down the FPL scale. But we think we're well prepared for that time when it comes. We'll see if it pushes out past our May 1 assumption, which our guidance is built on. And the teams are really focused on 25 out of 29 states being prepared. And I think Brent can probably add some color, some interesting color, for you guys on our engagement with states on that topic.
Andrew Asher: Yes, it's a really good question on sort of the jump-off point because we're crystal clear internally also the midpoint of $5.40 for 2022 is a jump-off point, upon which we will pull levers to get the $2 of opportunity, including the SG&A bucket, that $700 million of SG&A bucket that we laid out at Investor Day. So those should be incremental largely showing up in '23 and '24, but incremental to the jump-off point of the $5.30 to $5.50 guidance. And Sarah can give you an update on some of those activities.
