Bill Scheffel: I don't think I ever gave a specific number. I think we've been working with the State of Florida for some time to try to deal with some of the long-term care rate issues, and we anticipated that we would get that concluded in the fourth quarter in our guidance numbers, and that effect in fact did occur.
Bill Scheffel: I think that's a good question, Josh. For the fourth quarter, there is no question, for the quarter the new business HBR was much better than we would normally expect it to be because of the Florida retroactive rate increases, which went back for a whole year. So I think that going forward into 2015, we would expect to see a more normal spread between new business and existing business and which we say to be particularly 300 basis points to 500 basis points, so I would expect that to occur going-forward.
Bill Scheffel: Without giving specific numbers, I think flu in the fourth quarter was at a higher level than we saw in the 2013/2014 season, and that season was a relatively normal to below normal year for flu. So, we saw a bounce back up particularly in December, and also in January we've seen that through. But we think it's fairly well decreased at this point in time but it could have small impact on Q1 versus other periods. But I think there’s nothing to impact our overall guidance for the year.
Bill Scheffel: I think as we look at that -- the way, if you take the health insurer fee and sort of flatten that out in 2014, I think the relationship of the earnings by quarter and -- by quarter in 2014, will be similar in 2015.
Bill Scheffel: I think what we said for Q4 was we benefited from certain retroactive rate increases and also performance measure adjustments that we received from some on the states offset by the higher level of flu costs. So I think net it sort of offset each other, but certainly it was there.
Bill Scheffel: I think that our experience in 2014 was generally very favorable which would indicate that the rates that were originally set for Medicaid expansion business were at the high-end. And so we would expect overtime those rates will be adjusted. Most of those books have been say of minimum HBR calculations that we have to pay back to the state anything below that and we have several states where that in fact did occur. So I think most of the rate adjustments we see in 2015 will probably just be to true-up to where the regular -- the normal run rates would be and would basically offset what we set up as a payback under the minimum HBR calculations.
Bill Scheffel: I wouldn't say there's anything specific. Those are numbers, 12-month development for the reserves and I think they're pretty healthy in general and $6 million swing is nothing of any consequence.
Bill Scheffel: That we consider that in our original guidance I think that was the plan and they were able to successfully achieve that as they announced recently.
Bill Scheffel: The states are reimbursed differently for that book of business so they have to be kept separate for those calculations.
Bill Scheffel: Well, I think with respect to the fourth quarter, which I think is what you were referring to, our HBR was 89.3%. And I think when you look at that we benefitted in the fourth quarter from some retroactive rate increases and performance measures that were recognized in several of our states but it was mitigated somewhat by higher flu cost in the fourth quarter. So overall, I don't think the HBR was that far out of our range where our expectations were because those two things offset each other.
Bill Scheffel: Yes. Again, directionally we talked about the complex care revenue and the growth of that part of our business which has a higher health benefits ratio to begin with and certainly you see that over time increasing our consolidated HBR, which is as predicted, and as talked on our Investor Day is a combination of having a higher HBR but a lower G&A ratio.
Bill Scheffel: Yes. And the other thing I would add is incrementally we have about $250 million of behavioral health business already in Arizona. So it would be the $300 plus or minus million increase starting in the fourth quarter.
Bill Scheffel: I think that the biggest impact this year is increase in our just general business to revenue. So we have a large increase in our medical claims payable amount and some of the other payables that were associated with the minimum HBR that we have to pay back as return premium so that was the growth really drove that as much as anything else. I think over a long haul, we don't really expect to be at the 4.6 times net earnings level. We said 1.5 times to 2 times is our target but actually we've been beating that for the last several years. And I think a lot of that has to do with the growth. So we have a heavy growth year, we'll probably be in excess of two. And if we had 15% growth, it might be 1.5 times to 2 times but we haven't seen 15% growth in a long time.
Bill Scheffel: I think that the objective in buying USMM to direct those activity there are Medicate businesses in process. And we expect within 2015 they will perform as we anticipated, basically when we went through our analysis on buying the company and how it would perform.
Bill Scheffel: I think we continue to see that we'll have the benefits of leverage from the revenue growth there. Two things that went the other direction were obviously the acquisition of USMM, which has a higher G&A ratio because it -- does not help benefits ratio. And then also from the impact of the exchange business which has a higher G&A ratio. So those two items increased our G&A ratio versus the benefits of scale and leveraging and as we go forward into 2015, I would think that we'll have growth in the other -- in all of those areas so we expect to still see benefits but they just may not be as significant.
Bill Scheffel: Right, yes, they have a 70 basis point improvement is a little more difficult going forward because there is a minimum level you'll still have.
Bill Scheffel: I think we expect it to be closed in the third quarter. And we're looking at specifically how we want to finance those payments.
Bill Scheffel: Yes, that's right. We have $75 million drawn on our revolver at year-end on our $500 million line so. We have flexibility.
Bill Scheffel: I think that's some we will continue to look at and determine over the next six months before we close how we optimize the consideration.
Bill Scheffel: Sure, Tom. I think the basic, what I would do is take 2014 actual adjust it for the health insurer fee and normalize that. Once you do that that percentage of our earnings in each quarter in 2014 is an amount that I would think would be reasonable to look at it for 2015.
Bill Scheffel: Again normally what we would see is more rate increases in the second half of the year. So we get some lift in the second half versus say the first half. You have flu in the first quarter, which you really don't have again until a little bit in the fourth quarter, which we did see this past year. So the second and third quarter benefit from better seasonality in that regard. So I don't think there's anything new that I would throw in a mix for the quarterly calculations.
Michael Neidorff: And going forward, there will be some impact as the increasing denominator as well. So there will be that to consider.
Michael Neidorff: No, we -- we have a -- our distributor of course, the company has exclusive one of the exclusive distributors Acaria, works with all the manufactures, and so we'll take advantage of that based on what our providers are looking for. And this is a good time to remind everybody right now 90%, 90% plus of those costs we have agreements with the state for reimbursement. And so, we work with them on guidelines and we supply some knowledge and information we’ve gleaned from having Acaria as part of us, and we’ll provide that background to states as they develop their guidelines.
Michael Neidorff: I think the key thing is the guidance for the year is intact. But we're anticipating it could mitigate Q1, depending on how it's spiked. Flu often can spike again and that's the kind of the thing we're considering when we look at Q1.
Michael Neidorff: Well, our people in Florida continue to work with them on what's the appropriate and effective formulary. Growing that like it's –
Michael Neidorff: Well, there are two parts to the program, one where there is more cost sharing, one where there is not cost sharing. So it depends a little bit on how the ultimate mix of membership plays out in terms of that. But I think that we don't expect that we're going to see a significant impact on expected utilization one way or the other with respect to how that plays out. So I think that we expect that this pop we have experienced another Medicaid expansion populations around here and we think that that will be a good indicator of what we expect for the Healthy Indiana program as well. I don't think with respect to third parties paying premiums for members, I don't think that that's something that's really contemplated and I haven't heard of that as being anything that's been put in place. That has not -- that was something that was an issue that came up with respect to exchange enrollment and it's really not played out as a significant factor at all in the exchange market.
Michael Neidorff: I think we anticipated the flu in our annual guidance and we anticipated that while it was sign of peak in Q4 we still anticipate that we could see another spike in Q1 and which could have an impact but not impact the overall annual guidance as we build that in for the year.
Michael Neidorff: Well, as you know, we would still the flu could potentially be what you call a drag where I call anticipated, higher levels it spikes. But it -- what I we can look at it from an annual standpoint and our annual guidance is intact.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we have probably expressed our interest in MA. So the fact that they had MA was a positive and that is something we continue to look at it and find the appropriate entry point.
Michael Neidorff: Well, it was supposed to have been out and they have delayed it. And I'd rather not speculate what their plans are and how they're going about it, regardless of what they do we'll be ready for it.
Michael Neidorff: I mean it's fair to say when we constantly are looking at things and as soon as something is consummated we'd announce it and what the impact is. And it's not to say we're not looking at things but nothing in yet we have announced that should be included in the quarters.
Michael Neidorff: Well, if there is no further questions, we thank everybody for participating in this call and look forward to talking you in April and reviewing the first quarter. Thank you.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, that's right. So for 2014, it will be a little bit in excess of $400 million in annual revenues based on a combination of their Medicaid and Medicare government business.
Jesse Hunter: We didn't disclose anything on purchase price, and we didn't do in the release and so we're not going to change that position.
Jesse Hunter: We'll talk about that. Thanks for the question. We'll talk about Oregon first. I think first of all, we're not generally in the business of buying in the turnaround situation so that continues to be the case here. Agate is a well performing business and it really is about giving both geographic expansion but it's a large Medicaid market but it's fragmented and it's got a unique model. So when we do or kind of tours, if you will around the country, the Oregon model is something that comes up all the time. And so participating directly in that model will give us some unique credibility to speak to what makes sense and what doesn't make sense in terms of best practices or the best fit with Medicaid programs for other states and other products around the country. So on Arizona, we have been in the behavioral health of the Reeboks in Arizona for a number of years. So you will call it 10 years. And so we have got a lot of experience there. The State has kind or re-architected that program in a couple of ways. One is geographically into the different regions and we've obviously been successful in the southern region, but also in terms of the program design integrating some of the physical health coverage into the program. So the changes that we're working on, there is some geographic expansion opportunity and we will be working with as we indicated our joint venture partner with the University of Arizona and we will also be working to expand services to integrate the physical and behavioral health for the people who need it most.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Brian, it's Jesse. I think our target is really a holding company for a couple of different pieces and I'd say that for purposes of kind of the analysis and the go-forward really we're thinking about this as primarily a health plan opportunity. There are a couple of other pieces that are more kind of historical in nature than perspective in nature. So former kind of IPAs tied into the provider community and the like. But most of the go-forward opportunity is going to be centered around their government health plan business.
Rone Baldwin: It's certainly a topic of ongoing discussion with the state. But there is no specific date that we can point to at this point when there might be a change to managed care plan formularies versus the state formulary. So that's the current situation.
Rone Baldwin: Well, we do expect that with respect to 2015 our performance on exchanges, we priced to be able to achieve our 3% to 5% kind of pricing margins. So we do think that we're going to see that emerge in 2015. We will have some additional scale which will help us spread some of fixed cost that we think is going to improve our margins a little bit versus 2014 in the product line. And we are -- we do feel that we can manage the growth of this product line and we do intend and stay below the de minimis rule with respect to the tax issue.
Rone Baldwin: We're one of three players in the program so that's roughly correct that we would expect roughly the same kind of market share, as we have in the Medicaid program.
Rone Baldwin: Yes. I mean we don't see any signs at this point that there is a movement towards consolidation across Medicaid expansion and the other rates. The populations and the experience I think people will want to track separately and that's our expectation going forward.
