William Scheffel: At this point I would say it’s flat. I think we said we didn’t expect to have any particular level of accretion for Acaria in the first 12 months. There will be, we said, $0.06 for transaction costs and Florida long term care, the business expansion costs have already included the startup costs for that, we would expect that the amount of revenue and medical costs we would have particularly in the fourth quarter would not be a meaningful adjustment. 
William Scheffel: So what we have seen so far is the month of January flu costs have been similar to the level you have seen in December. And as I said, in the fourth quarter December’s costs were twice as higher – more than twice as high as November. So we’re coming into this year with an elevated level to start with but we have seen in more recent weeks we started to decline. So we had built in a larger amount for Q1 and based on what we see right now, we believe that this level of flu will be higher than we originally anticipated. But given our current estimates we believe that will be absorbed within our current range of our guidance estimate $2.60, $2.90. But it doesn’t mean that first quarter results in and of themselves will not be slightly impacted by higher level of flu costs. 
William Scheffel: Well, I think in new stores, you also get pharmacy carve-ins which is occurred in Texas and some other things which has a higher HBR effect for that element of the costs. And so I think that what we see is for the existing stores, you’re going to have an increase because we have higher mix and acuity levels in terms of the SSI tact numbers we’ve added over time. In the new stores you’re obviously impacted significantly by Texas and Kentucky.
William Scheffel: Right, again I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that the type of members that we have been adding, and that you have rated it as a higher HBR for example on ABD book of business, it would be a TANF book. We’ve added a lot of higher acuity membership over time and that’s what caused the existing HBR to be higher.
William Scheffel: At this point, we’ve not decided to give guidance numbers on the same-store existing new business MLRs, I think our plan is to report that each quarter but not necessarily to give look -- forward-looking information on that. I think what we have said is that as a percentage of business, we know that some of the new business will roll into the old business during 2013 such that we get to the end of 2013 second half, closer to 15% to 20% of the revenues coming from new business versus 35% that we saw in Q4.
William Scheffel: I think we said on investor day that there was about 500 to 700 basis point differential in the MLRs between new and existing, I think that relationship has been there for several years. We would expect that to continue going forward. And this is about as much as I can say on it.
William Scheffel: I think that last year was a very low season for flu, and so that’s now we baked into our guidance. So I think it was less than $10 million in Q1 last year for actual flue costs.
William Scheffel: Well I think our original guidance had a much higher level than that for Q1, and we’ve bumped that up even more given that – so we’ve seen for January. 
William Scheffel: I would agree with that math. Yeah I think we added additional $10 million in the fourth quarter, as we talked about for additional claims costs that we had come in and we ended up at December 31 with $41 million which really covers our estimate of the premium deficiency reserve from January 1 to July 5. 
William Scheffel: I think right now that’s our best estimate for 2013 and I think particularly when you compare 2012 to 2013, we would expect that Kentucky would have a minimal impact on 2013 after consideration that we got to 41 million of premium deficiency reserve, there could be $3 million or $4 million of exit costs and other things that prop up during the course of year which we've estimated in our costs – in our original guidance. But if we’re off we wouldn’t expect it to be up a whole lot compared to as Michael said I think our loss in Kentucky operations for 2012 was $1.71. 
William Scheffel: We’re particularly looking at 2013. 2014 is little less clear given Medicaid expansion and exchanges and how things fall out there in terms of what the requirements are. And so I think we can probably be in a position to better update 2014 once we get into the second half of the year and have a better look at how things are going to progress in 2014.
William Scheffel: I think Louisiana has rolled out in three phases beginning in February through June and then it added the pharmacy carve-in effective November 1, so at this point in time it's been up and running for a reasonable period of operations and seems to be performing within our expectations. 
William Scheffel: Other than – we expect those to be neutral to us at the end of the day and we will accommodate whatever needs they happen from an individual state’s perspective but we really don’t expect it to have a net impact to us.
William Scheffel: To date there are number of moving parts within the year for the whole year’s guidance. And at this point in time based on everything we see we’re comfortable maintain that guidance at this point.
William Scheffel: We are in this product already in Florida and so other states. So we have some comfort level with it and we have been operating in Florida for several years working with the rate environment. And the issue of moving members to stay at home and community setting versus in a facility is the objective in these types of programs. And so we’re comfortable that particularly given that we participate in 10 regions, we have scale of this program within the state of Florida which allows us a little more room to maneuvre.
William Scheffel: I think the primary thing is that the rates in 2013 should be improved in Texas, it is our largest market, they have some pretty big impact, and just in general we’ve had rate increases will be applicable into the second half 2012, going into 2013 the whole year. And the fact that some of the older – the newer markets will start to mature and where we’ve had original margin built up and other things like that will no longer to be necessary. So we expect those to be more normalized margins.
William Scheffel: I think that when we talk about guidance on December 14, there were questions about what – how much conservatism was built into our guidance numbers, and I think that’s part of the issue here that we have a range for guidance and we’ve allowed for an estimate of $0.50 to $0.60 for example for business expansion costs and the long-term care program expansion costs included into that number now. And we do believe that the basic underlying businesses are sound and performing well. Flu, we’ve got some visibility to that right now for Q1 and feel comfortable with maintain our guidance given what we know at this point in time. And we feel for the whole year that the guidance numbers we gave are still the appropriate amounts to retain and the level of conservatism that we have built in I think allows us to retain that guidance. 
William Scheffel: As we just said the $0.50 to $0.60 that we had for business expansion costs included a number of known things, it also included placeholders for a other things that were in process and little bit of the unknown to be determined.
William Scheffel: I think that Q1 has a number of open factors with respect when tax rates are going to be impacted, so that’s part of the biggest question of just timing. We believe it will be in there for the full year but how much is required in Q1 and it will depend on the actions taken and how everything tied up there.
Michael Neidorff: We have not specifically talked about what that is. I think that it continues to be high as we said we booked the additional $10 million, so it’s well into the hundreds. 
Michael Neidorff: I think that is a couple of factors. One, we continue to work that issue in the House and Senate. Obviously when the passed the bill, there was no reconciliation between the two bills, and everybody we talked to are well aware of it and the fact that it’s one thing commercially, it’s something else in government services, which have to be actuarially sound. So I believe that we will be able to work the states at appropriate rates to keep them actuarially sound vis-à-vis that particular task because we have no choice. But we also have the states working with us and agreeing by and large that – something we have to change on it.
Michael Neidorff: Josh, it appears that the flu peaked earlier this year because of the earlier stride in the fourth quarter of last year. And our medical department, Mary Mason and others say we’ve not seen twin peaks in the flu historically. And so as we said we saw it starting to dissipate, the CDC did the second week in January. Their experience is tracking with what we are seeing in our markets, Texas being the large one. So at this point, as Bill said, it may have some – it may have us (inaudible)
Michael Neidorff: It doesn’t mean that – the flu is so episodic. That it becomes a little more difficult to project than other costs where you have more history, or a different former history. 
Michael Neidorff: I think we still anticipate the state, its membership normalizing during the course of the year. We know the state recognizes the issue, they gave us the letter which we shared in a conference in December. How they handle, whether on a going forward basis, or actual basis that should be determined. It’s in the legislation now, they’re working through it. And as soon as we know something we will be glad to share.
Michael Neidorff: And they did change a few of the policies as well as – they’ve eliminated or the retroactive assignment for SSI numbers, for example, won’t change in the program.
Michael Neidorff: Now there if you remember, and Carl, when we see something that could impact the guidance or we had some information, we've never been bashful about it, putting it out there and making the appropriate adjustment as we see. 
Michael Neidorff: At that point, we’re back in quarter and we’ll work through it quite expeditiously. I won’t say any more except I would emphasize that the court did retain the jurisdiction. They stayed any action on us versus dismissing it to start over. So I think we have a judge who understands the issue in terms of timing and the impacts, so it’s hard to say any more beyond that.
Michael Neidorff: I will start off and Bill can pick it from there. As we have indicated that we believe that we have adequate capital through our cash flows, positive cash flows and our revolver to cover our capital needs for the balance of the year. 
Michael Neidorff: I think the best comments, it’s a good question, as we are in active discussions and working through those issues. And it’s best not to front run those situations. 
Michael Neidorff: We’re very conscious of it, it’s all considered everything we are doing. And the panels are working through us very appropriately, methodically.
Michael Neidorff: I think what we said is that we saw earlier more intense start in Q4 with the flu. We saw it continuing in January but we’ve also seen it start to tail off in the second, third week of January which is in earlier tail off than we have historically seen. And that – so we feel that we are appropriately refunded on the year and I'm not commenting or giving any consideration to the ranges, within the full range, I am not saying it’s at bottom end, or higher end of it. It’s within the range and all the facts we have not seen a double peak historically, the twin peak in flu development, Mary Mason, our Chief Medical Officer will tell you. And so we’re comfortable with the guidance we had to this point and if we thought something else, we’d tell you that.
Michael Neidorff: As Bill commented, you see the same-store new store, the new store has gone from 35% as we sit here today and tailing off towards the end of the year at 15% with improvement in the MLR. We gave some guidance 500 basis point swings in MLR between old and new. So all these things have been considered and we put the range out there to reflect the moving parts.
Michael Neidorff: I will also just add, going back to when we first won – the first bidding on RFP on Georgia and when (inaudible) they did it on price, they came through well on us. And there are other instances in the connector where they said all – it’s so low and we’re not giving the state back money, because of the surprise that was there. So there is a certain pattern when people don’t win they talk about the ones that won did it on price. And there is enough history there to say that we are conservative and reasonable and experienced when it comes to that. 
Michael Neidorff: Yes, yes, we have confidence that the state recognizes it and it does assume appropriate supplemental funding to Hidalgo and appropriate action in the rural market as well.Brian Wright – Monnes Crespi & Hardt: And just one last one if I can. When does the legislature finish the -- like when do they normally adjourn for this act (ph)
Michael Neidorff: It’s the last week in March. I’d just remind you if they passed it, then the state has to work through and through by service area, by sales and we would hope that they are able to get that information, and the amendments to the contracts with any stores, toward the end of the quarter. What’s important is that they will have dealt with it in an appropriate fashion. It all starts there.
Michael Neidorff: I don’t know that they had to disclose anything to us specifically in terms of any extensions and the people, Rob and others who manage the existing market health plans figured they have not disclosed anything beyond what we know now. 
Michael Neidorff: The honest answer is I am not expecting one -- but I am not expecting one. I expect that the state to change its mind and do something based on its budget area issue and their fiscal year starts in July. So as they look at it they can make appropriate decisions. We will encourage them every chance we get to expand what they cover.Scott Green – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Lastly, looking at the fourth quarter MLR if you exclude flu in Kentucky it looks like it would be a little bit above your 2013 guidance range. So maybe you could just walk us through the main drivers to get you from where you are in the fourth quarter ‘12 to the midpoint of your guidance, which is 88.5% for ‘13.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah we were starting to see some normalization until 6000 plus members move from another plan to us off – 9000 excuse me. And the state is well aware of that as we told you and they are evaluating appropriate rates and responses to it. So there were some moving parts that rolled into that Scott that made it little more difficult to get a straight comparison.
Michael Neidorff: Melissa, we’re in the middle of negotiating rates with the state and legislation. I could say anything other than we need them as soon as possible. I would not want to go beyond that. I mean we’ve asked to the states what we need and they’re responsible for timing and way. So we obviously will always work to minimize expense with the state, save them as money as we can do all the things they expect us to do. But well, no, you don’t worry about it if you don’t give us rates until June or July, that’s not the case. We obviously are working with the state because we need the rate approved now.  By the way, they also recognize that and we fully expect them and the legislature to provide that rate adjustment. There is no reason to believe it won’t happen.
Michael Neidorff: I think that – and our people managing this process have to presume that it will be ready to go 1/1/14. I don’t think – they may delay some of the steps along the way, when we’ve had our internal discussion. But we expect that and have to work against and plan to be there for 1/1/. I think to not do that will be foolhardy. So we expect a 1/1/ implementation, we’re working very hard against it with the states, and the states are anticipating their reduced savings that they will get to the funding from the federal government 100% for that membership. So they have every reason to push it as fast and hard as they can. And the states we’re in absent one understand what's sound policy and what's a sustainable program and we think that those states will continue as they have, historically they have worked with us in a very responsible way.
Michael Neidorff: I will let Jesse and others add to it but obviously the last time I saw was 12 million or more eligibles that are not enrolled in this country. So there will always be an element of that. But Jesse, what do you want to add in terms of ---
Michael Neidorff: I think just kind of answer the same thing in a slightly different way. On the flu, we’ve given you the substantiation of why we believe it’s adequately planned to this point in time because of the fact that it has peaked in these states that we’re going to look at. We did anticipate in December winning some of the long-term care where we currently operate, have a current operation and we plan the $0.60 expense to bring it up because long-term care does have more nurses, more case managers, I think we have the experience to know what that is when we plan for. So I would say the guidance as is out there reflects what we thought then and we see no reason to change it at this point in time.
Michael Neidorff: Right. You have to make certain assumptions and we were much more comfortable doing that than coming in.
Michael Neidorff: Of course, it’s our policy to give annual guidance as opposed to quarterly and so our help (ph) – Bill, I think you can add to it but I am going to say we’ve said that we are maintain annual guidance, we are saying that there are some – there were some incremental expenses in Q1 that we believe will be offset during the course of the year. And I think that summarized what we already said.
Michael Neidorff: It goes back to that issue of are they going to approve everything else but when -- it has to be signed, sealed and delivered for revenue recognition purposes. And we anticipate the state understands that would do all they can to do to achieve it but in the interest of candor, you can see something swinging from quarter to quarter but on the full year we expect it will be there.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I thank you and as I have said – as I said at the investor day ’12 is behind us, it was from a growth standpoint and positioning us for ’13 will prove to be a very good year from that perspective and we are really looking forward to reporting and believe we’re well-positioned for ’13. So we’ll talk to you in another three months or so. Take care and thank you.
Josh Raskin – Barclays Capital: Just wanted to make sure I understood, Bill, did you say -- I'm just curious what you said about the flu costs embedded in the first quarter. Did you say you’re anticipating a similar impact as you saw in the fourth quarter, meaning maybe an incremental $0.30? Or were you saying you have a normal season and then the flu could be an issue again? I just want to make sure I heard that right.
Josh Raskin – Barclays Capital: And then just second question. I am a big fan of this new existing market, same store versus new store metrics you guys are giving. As I look at the metric in the fourth quarter, it looks like what I will call same-store MVR was up 390 basis points, but the new business was up 360. And I certainly understand the new business is still at a higher level. But I am just curious what drove the same store? Was that flu costs in Texas? I am just trying to figure out what exactly is in new store.
Josh Raskin – Barclays Capital: I guess I was just surprised, I thought Texas and Kentucky would have -- the new store numbers would have been up more significantly year over year than the existing. Or I'm just trying to figure out what drove the 390 basis point existing same-store number up.
Jesse Hunter: Just maybe a couple of thoughts, Ralph, one is as you look – similar to point that Bill just made, with respect to ABD and some of the other populations, you’ve got much higher premiums associated with affordable term care business. So as a result the allocation between medical costs and administrative costs is different but that doesn't necessarily mean that long term margin expectations would be different. So I think that it’s fair to say that HBRs will be higher for long-term care product, that doesn't necessarily mean that the margins would be lower over time.
Jesse Hunter: So we’ve got – as you expected in a lot of these contracts, the duration of the contract is multi-year and there is some flexibility on that front. But the pricing is annual pricing. So unlike what we have seen in Kentucky for example this will be an annual pricing kind of process that would be reflective and going through the actuarial assessment and determining actuarial soundness based on the performance of the program, and that could be both at the aggregate level and at the individual company level.
Jesse Hunter: Yeah, I think one of the things that’s important here obviously we are still relatively early with respect to the announcement and there is a lot of activity. I don’t think there’s total visibility on the technical scores on that the why. But we will continue to evaluate those things as we go through, as everybody else along the shore. But really the process that the state went through I think is important here and Michael referenced to the diligence that ACA went through, the state of Florida went through in this process. So there was the technical response. But there is also on a region specific basis oral presentations and that is candidly the best for us to represent our experience in serving this population, and I think that was ultimately reflective in the outcome of the scoring process. So there is both technical and then there is oral presentations where we think we did quite well. And then there is a pricing component and I think just to reinforce what you already know Scott that there was – this was not bid rates, there was a range that the state had provided. And so the state had set the actuarial range and there is really questions of where people came out within that range that was set by the state.
Jesse Hunter: No, I’d say it’s a fair question and obviously (inaudible) great visibility on it at the moment. But I think it’s a reasonable expectation that given the amount of awareness and got more focused communications that will happen between now and 1/1/14 on a state specific basis I think there would be a higher kind of take up rate if you will out of the gate. But as Michael said, it’s certainly not going to be 100% out of the gate. Those things will continue to take hold over time as people become more aware of the programs and the moving parts associated with the programs and how it affects them personally. 
