Michael Neidorff: Josh, I’ll start off on the Medicare and then others can jump in a little bit. On the Medicare we’ve said that the 2020 will be the year where we come together, we’ve been testing things. Our re-contracting with providers on this space contracts and the things that create successful Medicare products, so we will continue to move ahead on our own recognizing that until we close we can’t work with WellCare, once we do close they have a strong platform, we have added some new talent here and into the integration process we’ll be putting those two talents together and I think 2020 will be a very strong year for Medicare on that basis. On the organization I’m not going to comment. I think before I say too much on a call like this, first the Centene people and as well as, and the WellCare people need to know what the new organization will look like. And we’re not going to get into that until we get closer to the, knowing it’s closing, simply we have, as I said earlier everybody is focused on their respective businesses and that they will move through that, I'm absolutely not going to say anything about it. That’s a better place to be.
Michael Neidorff: But, see, I will add this much, just that we are working with some of the senior management at WellCare and have some very important responsible positions at, they'll be able to move into this new $100 billion company.
Michael Neidorff: You know, I think I said in the course of a decade, so I’ve been, well sorry for it Josh, and then you’ll see it continue to ramp up. It's not going to be access rates.
Michael Neidorff: I will tell you this, Kevin I think you know we, we tried to plan ahead and we’ve thought through those kinds of issues and looking at this with different [ph] transaction, I’m not going to front run the states with a lot of discussion as to what our discussions with them. They are very constructive and I would go this far and say that before we shared focus I'm worried about the recipients and what’s best for them. Then we look at the provider networks ensuring that their well taken care of in terms of provided for in this situation and protected and then to say discuss this. So we’re focused on all three of those things. As far as divestitures are concerned, those are subject to discussion and even in Missouri and Nebraska we're in discussions as to what if anything they want us to do. I’ve mentioned that the days we have talked about it in the past as where there are three and two of the three are WellCare and Centene. So we’re working through and see what they want to do there and go from there.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we’ll never perceive from a manager's standpoint scale the Jeff and all us here, Chris, we'll never take the pressure off improving margins, because the moment you stop trying to improve they are going bounce off. So it's an ongoing process and, but we want to do it in a way that is sustainable, it’s like we don’t want a short-term, big, huge improvement and then have something come up, so we’re working on this. The network, the contracts with various providers and keep it balanced with them because we view then as a part of our product, we don’t want to, you never want to hurt your products, you want to maintain it. So it’s a total process we’re going through and we’re moving more and more to risk-based management where the providers can do very well when they work with us and manage it. So it’s a longer-term thing, but I think what's important is that we see it on a sustained basis. I hope that helps.
Michael Neidorff: Well we're working through the integration now and we'll determine what part each one should play in it. And so you're probably about two months ahead of us. But it's a good question Peter.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think one, I said some time ago that that's something I believe we work fully hard to try to move to. And if we are successful in it the governor on price increases would obviously be the competitive world and we will be a - we will have the critical mass in drug purchasing that all the pharmacists who will cover us will have to take it seriously, because we said that 30 billion we see as a growing number. And as that continues to grow it is RxAdvance information becomes ever more credible. I think we'll have the data we need to encourage competitive pricing.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think, one, we've had discussions over a long period of time, at the most senior levels at this stage in the regulatory environment. And we have a comfort in their commitment to have a very successful managed care program. It's fairly obvious, you know, historically, we've been offered contracts and have turned them down rather than end up entering a new contract and filing a PDR [ph] before you even have your first member, that's something we try to avoid. So we – but this time we looked at it, our actuaries looked at it. The state just - the legislation just floated additional $150 million available to help sustain the program and improve it. So everything we looked at said that this will be a successful program. And also some peers have exited. It was a different time. If I had entered when they did I might have a different feeling than I do coming in now with the new administration in place the past year or so and very aggressively looking at how they can have a successful program.
Michael Neidorff: Have it both way, we would be on that, you kind of hit it on. I think in Iowa, the size and scale two is appropriate. If it was three then you can deal with that. We saw Georgia go from three to four. So in aggregate, did not have much of an impact and that's fine, because you have choice, and when you have the, it always starts out with choice and we have the network we have and the reputation we have in most of these states, we can do well with this choice. So, we deal with it as it is. In Florida there are some counties, I think there they have as many as six plans in it and that's okay. But either way, the algorithms work on auto-assigns and have a member of the families in and other members get a size of that plan they, it's the states that have been doing for a while, understand and get it right. And obviously when you look at the growth we've had, and how we're doing, we're very comfortable with the way it is. And so you really hit on it, it is really a function of the size the state is as to how many.
Michael Neidorff: I think that's where they are right now. I mean they are pushing more and more for transparency and where it is for pass-throughs or the pricing and how to do it. So they really have moved away from just the pure rebate type model and we're hearing more and more of the federal level of rebates at point-of-sale and that type of thing. So that's a whole, it is all in transition, it's in flux right now and I think the things we can do and we can move to a net price type thing. And everybody can do much better with the transparency, the competitive bidding et cetera. So, as you know our plan with discounts and rebates and volumes and things, is here's the drug cost and it's particularly important in specialty pharma. So this is something that can apply to both. So I think the states are really adapting to it and have been in their own way moving more towards it on an ongoing basis.
Michael Neidorff: I think - if I may just add that, in the new plan, you don't have, - we used the date received methodology for calculating, and its proved to be a very accurate way to do this claims, but you need the history of quarters - two, three quarters to be able to do the accurate accounting of it. I think we'll never say never, but we are proud of the fact you don't see a lot of prior period adjustments and so, it works. So rather than, take the chance, we typically will book it at 90% for the first three quarters or so. So just not knowing if it's where it is and that has typically served us well. So that's the approach we take to it.
Michael Neidorff: I think the states recognize a leader, they recognize the systems and the capability we have to really improve outcomes and control costs and a very fair balance basis, so that goes a long way. Now there has not been this kind of Medicaid acquisition going back, I think they said it was, I guess Amerigroup was the last one that occurred. And so, that is alluded they are reestablishing the grounds. But when you look at this as a different form of competition, you have states setting rates, you have things of that nature. So it's working through and talking about all these elements, and I don't want to get ahead of them, but we're finding that their questions are really the kind anyone should expect in this kind of transaction. And it's constructive, and as I said, it's really focused in three areas, one payer to first what's best for the recipient. As we deal with a fragile population we emphasize that, and it's important to think about them to the provider network. This is not just gaining critical mass against them, but how do you get the kind of size and scale that allows you to do the risk based contracting so many of them want and we show the data and what we can do and how we do that. And thirdly, the state, how we're able to contain costs, and how the benefit of large numbers, everybody wins. So it's - and it's been an enlightening process and I think I'll add one other thing and we've done other deals with, I'm finding that we have a lot of very smart regulators at the state level, and they're asking the right questions, they understand it and they're able to think through it. I find that positive and I think we'll find that the Justice Department is and the federal level there are equally trying to get this right, and now and so, I'm very encouraged just by the question that doesn’t guarantee the absolute maximum outcome we have, I'm not trying to further than that, but I feel good about where it is at this point in time.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, Justin. So I think just, obviously there was a limited amount that we can comment on with respect to relative pricing on those things and that's obviously we went through an appropriate process on that in the diligence phase. And I think as we said, as part of the announcement of the deal that there are kind of net synergies anticipated on the pharmacy front. So I don't think it would be appropriate to go into too much more detail than that at this point.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, thank you for your questions, your attention, your participation. We're off to a strong start and looking forward to the Investor Day and future quarterly reports, so have a good day. Thank you.
Jeff Schwaneke: Thanks Michael. Obviously, I think a couple of things first, I think you hit the nail on the head there Sarah, I think a few things is, it is a different mix of business than we had in the first quarter of last year. So I guess what I would say is I would bridge from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. I think that’s more appropriate given the fact that we had the VA business that’s no longer a part of that line and then you also have a couple of acquisitions that we’ve made that are changing the mix profile of that business. And so, I guess what I would say is, I would look at the fourth quarter of last year bridging to Q1 and I think that’s pretty consistent and I think that’s what you would expect to see for the remainder of the year. There is some lumpiness in those because there are certain - like for example the home health business has some contract reconciliations that are normal and occur every year either in the third or fourth quarter, so it doesn’t mean every quarter is going to have a consistent cost of service percentage, but for the full year we would expect it to look similar to the fourth quarter maybe a little bit lower.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, the 60-40 is consistent with what we said. The through-up piece, you just have to make sure that when you do the through-up it’s really based on last year’s, it’s on 2018 business right? You can’t roll in the first quarter of 2019’s risk adjustment in order to calculate the 10%. So, it’s a state-by-state calculation that’s really based on the business activity in the 2018 year.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, thanks Michael. So I think just to your point Peter I think this is, we're looking at the combined business. Yes, we do recognize the importance of pharmacy cost management on the MA and PDP businesses and we think as Michael referenced the combination will certainly have the ability to leverage the capabilities from the WellCare team and their experience.
Jeff Schwaneke: There was not any of that in this quarter and as you are well aware typically what happens you know you are waiting for the final reconciliation and the state notifies you, so we don’t have any of that included in our guidance and more to come, I guess we're waiting to see what the results are.
Jeff Schwaneke: I mean we've made our best estimate, so it could go either way, but we’ve had a history of making relatively conservative estimates, so that I guess I'll leave it at that.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, you know, you are exactly right, that's what we preview included that language in our 10-K, you’re exactly right there would be a lower gross margin in the segment results for the specialty that would in turn directly benefit the health plan results. And just to make sure I clarify for everybody that’s only in the segment disclosure and that’s a intercompany item. So that gets eliminated in the consolidation. So for - you know we're not talking about the cost of service line for example, it’s reported on the GAAP financials.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, thanks, Michael. Dave, I think, Michael is spot on. We're obviously calling out the large drivers, the largest drivers obviously which being Fidelis in the health insurer fee moratorium are the two largest pieces. I would say, we did see a lighter flu than we did in the first quarter a year ago, but we also had, I'd say, a lot of new businesses starting up, including the Pennsylvania LTSS. New Mexico, and as Michael mentioned, we record a higher level of HBR in those because you're also building margin at the inception. And then we had new members in both Illinois and Florida. And so I think those were smaller drivers on an absolute basis, but you add all that together and they're kind of offsetting.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, certainly, Steve, a lot in that question. But I'll start with the DCP in the first. I mean what we're saying is, that's our long-term range. That doesn't mean by the end of this year. There's a couple of things with the Fidelis on the cash timing that we're still working through that could reduce that sometime this year. So think of it is more like a day, maybe two by the end of this year. And ultimately when you look at DCP, a lot of that has to do with timing of payments. Right? It's really a timing of payment measure, not necessarily how your reserves are. We look at reserves differently as a percentage of medical expense, which we've been very consistent over the - since over the last five, ten years, and had a very consistent reserving methodology. So I guess, what I would say is, it's more timing related than anything. The other thing is, we have obviously some risk-based contracts with some providers. Those accruals are in the IBNR balance, some of those accruals in the IBNR in our balance. So when those get paid, IBNR goes down. So those are the things that we're dealing with and why we call out timing of payments from a quarter-to-quarter perspective.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, sure. On the HBR side, I guess what I would say is, it's in line with our expectations. You have to remember the Pennsylvania is an LTSS award. So it's going to be in the 90%-plus range from an HBR. So it's really a mix of business that obviously impact on the total HBR of the company. But in general, those programs are and the expansions are running exactly in line with our expectations. As Michael mentioned before, a lot of times there's continuity of care periods and then obviously you have to build margin on that additional new business and that impacts the HBR early in the program, but nothing outside of our expectations.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Louisiana, I think is due to be submitted in next week and no update on the Texas timeline other than what we've previously discussed, I think May or June timeframe.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, thanks AJ, it's Jeff. Yes, no, nothing different than what we said in our, in our previous guidance with respect to exchange. Yes, we do expect it to be a little bit down from 2018 more similar to '17, '16, '15; the margin that we had there. As far as the retention, I think we have a normal retention rate that we've assumed based on our historical experience, meaning how long a member stays with us and pays premiums. Obviously, you can go back and look at the historical retention rate from beginning to end, and we've been obviously tracking that and what we're seeing is that members are actually staying and paying in premiums longer, which is, which is obviously a good thing and that's driving, I guess the additional revenue that we added to the guidance today. And the other piece is risk adjustment and on the risk adjustments side we have certain geographical areas where we've got a lot of scale. We've grown the business very successfully. And as you continue to grow, and capture a larger percentage of that market, you do see a little bit of a return to the mean on the risk scores, nothing significant, but obviously, that was the other piece of the guidance increase on the revenue line.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, that's pretty much all related to Fidelis. We put a note actually in the table of our press release, kind of highlighting that the press release has a 12-month roll forward, which does not include the Fidelis business, because that transaction happened July 1st of last year. So, the development is not included in that 12-month roll forward, but in the 10-Q that is a 3-month roll forward from December's number, which obviously does include Fidelis. And so that's the difference there.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, a couple of things Justin. I would say risk adjustment, obviously we continually update that estimate every single quarter and so that changes. but I would say over $800 million is what we're anticipating on a risk adjustment payable for the year. On the margin side, it was right in line with our expectations and obviously we expected and we expecting for the year, a little bit lower in our margin range compared to last year. So nothing out of the ordinary there as the exchange business performed well, and it was right in line with our expectations for the quarter.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I know, I mean, I think if you look at United, they had a larger percentage of the business. They didn't have just half. And so we've previously given a range of membership, I think, of 180,000 to 200,000 members. So we've updated that to half the market and obviously you're only getting half of the year, so nothing unusual other than the mathematics behind that.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, more breakeven, which is why you didn't see any earnings flow through on the increase in the revenue line for the six months and we're not talking about 20, so and just for the six months in '19 we're assuming breakeven.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, no, nothing to call out. I mean I would say that this is a three-month roll forward that's in the 10-Q, and so that number, I mean, we've only had three months of run out on those medical claims from December. So, that number will, all things being considered would in theory, continue to grow. So you have to – it is only three months out and usually in the press release it is a full year roll forward. So, that number will continue to change, I guess is what I would say, but no, nothing unusual, which is, I mean from our view, it's consistent, on a percentage of medical costs, that's how we track it. We show this information to our audit committee, and Board every single quarter, it's been very consistent for a long period of time. The methodology hasn't changed, so we're comfortable where it is.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, sure. Good question, two things Fidelis. So, you have the impact of Fidelis, we have their investments. We didn't have those in the first quarter or second quarter of last year. So you get the full effect of the Fidelis investments. The other thing is, on the health insurer fee we had received payments for the last year's health insurer fee reimbursement from a lot of our states earlier, than we have historically. So think of that number to $300 million to $400 million, that we have earlier in the year than we've had in the past and so you're earning investment income on that. And then obviously we had a strong cash flow generation for the quarter and a lot of that cash goes to the balance sheet, and we earn a short-term interest rate on it. So ultimately, you add up all those three things, and that's really driving the increase on a year-over-year basis.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, it's nothing other than internal dynamics as far as the margin on as we move to transparent pricing, there used to be a margin there, that's no longer going to be there. There's going to be a small piece really on administrative front, but the margin just moves into the health plan segment. So nothing other than I would say internal company activity.
