Sarah M. London: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Good morning. Thanks for the question. As I talked about in my script, so let me hit on sort of what’s driving the growth, which I think has a lot to do with the fact that we have an established franchise, we have number one for brand recognition in the market, a differentiated distribution network and just a lot of experience executing and we sort of foresaw the growth that was going to come because of the additional awareness and affordability that was created not just through CMS spend on marketing and navigators, but really the sentinel effect of the extension of the enhanced APTCs. Turning to performance. We're obviously pleased not only with the growth but the fact that we sustained performance of that business in 2023 and done so exactly as you say, despite having significant SEP membership growth, which in past years has created pressure, not just because of the risk adjustment effect but also like we saw in 2021 through pent-up demand. So when we think about the factors that are contributing to overall performance and what's giving us comfort, the first is just what we're seeing in terms of underlying growth and performance of the core business that came in, in OEP. The second is the fact that we are not seeing the pent-up demand in the SEP membership like we saw in 2021 partly due to the fact that those members -- some of those members are coming in for Medicaid, where they had coverage and others would have been eligible for coverage in previous years. So the belief is that they weren't carrying a lot of unaddressed acuity into the market.  The other factor is, and we pointed to this in the past, but in general, when we see this level of market growth it drives a healthier overall risk pool, and we're seeing some of that in the performance. But I think the bigger piece is probably just execution from the team, really solid pricing discipline coming into the year as we've been on a margin progression with this product, execution on clinical initiatives, really thoughtful risk adjustment calculations. And again, just the expertise of having a team that's been doing this for a decade, I think, is really showing in what you're seeing in terms of performance this year.
Sarah M. London: Thanks, Stephen. Yes, so let me hit on the first part of the question relative to what we're seeing in levers and stayers. Obviously, overall, we're seeing our levers HBR less than stayers as we had expected. What's interesting about the rejoiner rate, the last time that we updated on this, we were looking at April rates in that sort of mid 20% range and then sort of reasonable Pareto as you move through the ensuing months. What we've seen in the last month or six weeks or so is really that April to August -- filling up into what averages out at about 25%, which tells me that we are seeing a rate of rejoining that has picked up a little bit. Again, we think part of that is being driven by the CMS interventions. And given the fact that 75% -- sorry, 70% of those members have no gap in coverage and 95% of them have less than two months gap in coverage, we feel good about the fact that there aren't significant laggard impacts to acuity in terms of what we're seeing in those rejoiner cohorts. And then maybe, Drew, do you want to talk about the underlying Medicaid MLR.
Sarah M. London: Yes. So thanks, Josh. Let me hit those clarification points, and then I'll turn it over to Drew. So what we are seeing on average across the April to August cohort is a 25% rejoiner rate on average. So those again have sort of filled up from what had been a Pareto -- decreasing Pareto to a pretty consistent 25% rejoining rate. And then our expectations, again, just mathematically, we're about that 10% to 15% recapture, which leaves the 200,000 to 300,000 member expectation that we're still tracking in line with. We are pulling share from other players and trying to track pretty closely, obviously, members that are coming from our plans. And then to the extent we can identify specifically those members that are coming from other Medicaid programs.
Sarah M. London: Yes, A.J., you're right that particularly in that SEP membership, we're seeing more retention industry-wide, which is, I think, logical just given the insulation and the extension of the enhanced APTCs and the increased affordability of the product. And as you said, the sophomore effect of that membership, in particular, the fact that we'll have a full year of risk adjustment, and we'll have moved through any sort of early utilization, we think, provides a tailwind the retained part of that SEP population. And as Drew said, our focus going into 2024 is really retaining the tremendous growth that we've had in 2023 and then continuing our progress on pricing discipline in order to expand margin and pierce into that 5 -- sorry, 5% to 7.5% range.
Sarah M. London: Yes. Thanks, Nathan. So with the competitive landscape and additional information we have not changed our view that we would be down $4 billion in 2024 in the Medicare business. Again, our focus is really on narrowing to that lower income complex population that was part of how we constructed the bids and certainly how we crafted our strategy going into AEP. And then relative to Stars, we're obviously pleased to have delivered results in line with our expectations beginning in Q2, but there's obviously still work to do. And so this next cycle will be an important additional step to that ultimate goal of 85% of members in 3.5 Stars. And our focus really continues to be on rebuilding the operational capacity and the infrastructure to support sustainable programmatic improvement, and that was really demonstrated by moving again 53% of our membership from sub 3 to 87% of our membership at or above 3 in this first step.  So we'll need to continue to pull up underperforming contracts. We'll need to move contracts and members from the 3 across that 3.5 star threshold. And a lot of that is again, why we've tried to create visibility into some of the underlying operational metrics that we're tracking internally around our overall CTMs and around call center metrics and our ability to answer questions for members and provide them a good member experience, getting them connected to physicians, getting them aligned to value-based providers so that those incentives are aligned to close gaps in care, which ultimately accrues not just to HEDIS but to cap. So those are all the things that we're really focused on. We've got a very robust governance structure in place. As we've said before, we've got incentives aligned top to bottom in the organization. There is no confusion that this is a priority, and we continue to be focused on making incremental improvements and holding steady on those improvements that we've made to date.
Sarah M. London: And then just relative Lance to your question on the complex populations. Obviously, the reimbursement for those populations can be higher, but you're dealing with a higher acuity and more complex care within that cohort. And so our view is that because that aligns with our expertise in managing Medicaid members that we have the opportunity through value-based arrangements for that to be a profitable cohort but also to drive differential outcomes for that population. And if you take a step back and look at segments of the Medicare population, the lower income complex members are the fastest-growing segment. And that is part of why we have focused on that membership not just for this cycle, but as part of our long-term fundamental strategy.
Sarah M. London: Yes. So relative to California, that does not apply to MCOs, but we're obviously tracking that for potential pass-through costs from providers. So again, keeping an eye on that. Relative to behavioral, that's still a component of underlying utilization. It's not creating quite as much pressure as we were seeing before. But certainly, within the marketplace population in general, is sort of an industry-wide trend, substance used in opioid use disorder continues to be something that the whole industry is focused on. And to your point about Magellan, the increased focus on integrating medical care with behavioral and one of the things that we hear very consistently when we are out with our state partners, almost every single Governor that we have talked to this year, rates behavioral health and mental health as a number one issue in their state and whether that's staffing shortages, access, thinking about broadband in order to increase telehealth, they are all focused on ways that they can support providing additional behavioral health to their membership, and it has actually created really nice tailwinds relative to our Magellan business. So maybe, Ken, if you want to talk about some of the recent wins that Magellan has experienced as a result of this focus.
Sarah M. London: And I just want to add one clarification, I know this is what you meant, but I just want to be sure that what we're tracking is that the levers HBR is less than the stayers. And that is what was expected. And so one of the things that we've talked about in the past that we did leading into the redeterminations process was identifying those members that we would have predicted would roll off as we look forward into the redetermination process, and then we could subset those populations and run the differential HBR. And those are the inputs that went into our model that we talked about on the Q1 call as we build up what both rate and acuity, we would want across each state and then rolled up to the portfolio in order to be tracking as we are in line with expectation going into 2024.
Sarah M. London: Yes. Thanks, Michael. So of the 386,000 in the quarter, it's not a perfect science to figure out exactly which are coming through pure enrollment growth versus those coming over from redeterminations. We're obviously able to track those who are moving from a Centene plan to a Centene plan. And then we extrapolate based on the data that we are seeing based on the data that CMS is publishing and then in cases where we can specifically identify which of those members are coming over from a competitor. So not entirely clear that we can, again, sort of dissect that membership as you talked about.  In California, I think what we're seeing in California is actually consistent with what you see across the entire country, if you take a step back and the fact that the two key cut points that were put in place this year were tougher in those middle ranges of star ratings and particularly trimmed the outliers as we all know. And so that was part of what happened in California. But I think it's too early what impact that will have in terms of overall competitive outcomes through the AEP process because we're only about 10 days into that, but certainly look forward to updating everybody on that at Investor Day.  And then relative to stars and value-based arrangements, again, we're still in that high 40% range from a value-based care standpoint, and it is a mix of upside only and upside downside risk. And you're right, as we move members into more downside risk arrangements, we get tighter alignment between us and the providers. We lead to better HEDIS outcomes in terms of getting members in addressing gaps in care. And we know that there's a direct correlation between members who access care and their ultimate CAP scores. And so that has been a huge focus for us in general, but obviously, a leverage point where we can use our provider partnerships to help accelerate that work, particularly on our Stars improvement journey.
Sarah M. London: Thanks, Rocco. As we close out this morning, I'd just like to thank our more than 66,000 employees for delivering excellent results this quarter and year-to-date. As a company, we remain focused on our mission and on creating value for our members, our stakeholders, and our shareholders. We appreciate the time and interest this morning and look forward to continuing this discussion at our upcoming Investor Day in December. Thanks, everybody.
Drew Asher: The only thing I would add numerically is just we've been through two rounds of Wakely data. So you have to think about the claims cost matched against the risk profile of the population. And so we've adjusted our risk adjustment payable actually up to $1.8 billion from $1.5 billion from Q2 to Q3, consistent with the feedback in the data from Wakely, and we're still holding the allowance on the insolvent peers or those that were waiting to get paid from through CMS. And so that $314 million that actually went up by $9 million in the quarter because one of those peers is still operating at least for the first half of this year. So it wasn't the bring down of that reserve that helped the quarter.
Drew Asher: Yes, right. And as Sarah said, the levers have a lower HBR than the stayers consistent with our expectations. But actually, the rejoiners are right around the same HBR as the stayers. So that's looking good as well relative to our forecast. And then, yes, we're on track for the metrics we gave out, including the 90.1% target for 2024. As we get 1/1 rates, and I mentioned that we've gotten 7 that include acuity adjustments so far for 1/1 in the form of draft rates. That's just another positive weight on the scale of giving us confidence as we turn the page into 2024.
Drew Asher: Yes, Josh. And then on PDP, and you'll remember this business going back 10 years, which was a legacy WellCare asset and business. The strategy there is as much about corralling and managing pharmacy spend and having a future feeder for MAPD than it is about generating earnings on what's this year, $2.5 billion of revenue. So I think it was fortuitous that our change and improvement in cost structure or change to a new PBM and a meaningful improvement in cost structure occurred right when there are a number of rule changes impacting PDP like no pharmacy DIR elimination of the member cost share in the catastrophic phase, the cap on insulin. And so we are able to leverage that cost structure and make it affordable for our members while the direct subsidy went up meaningfully. And so we'll be getting paid that direct subsidy by the government. So it was actually a good alignment of opportunities for us to continue to leverage that business to actually help our other businesses in the terms of pharmacy cost structure.
Drew Asher: Alright, first on the growth in the quarter and marketplace, you're right, that was outstanding growth. Now you may remember, we said that we expected to get to 3.6 million members this year, and we're just above 3.6 million this quarter. So most of that was sort of embedded in our forecast as we saw the momentum from Q2. But you're right, it is a good indicator and sort of momentum builder for 2024. On margin, we are still just this year. We are in marketplace. We're still just below our target range of 5 to 7.5 and that's not because of HBR, it's actually because of all the growth and the year one commission that comes along with that. So it's a real good reason to be just below your target range, which means there is capacity as expected and as we have forecasted into 2024 to expand margin into that 5 to 7.5 zone. And so I'll just leave it at that. We expect to pierce zone and be well into that range for 2024 and we -- our forecasts are on track for that. We price for that, and that's what we expect.  Regarding -- probably not going to get too much into a single state call it, negotiation but yes, that was a 40 basis point push in the quarter that pushed our HBR up a little bit higher in Medicaid. And just based upon the back and forth and the construction of that incomplete and maybe rushed retro rate, we expect a favorable future outcome maybe in Q4, but it could drag into 2024.
Drew Asher: Yes. And on your Q4 comment, you're absolutely right, sort of -- if you look at the slope lines of the deductible wear off throughout the year, we do expect a healthy tick up in HBR. We planned for that in our commercial, including marketplace businesses and also in Medicare, normally a step-up in HBR, but then you add the PDR on top of that. So those are some of the things to think about for Q4 as well as heavy SG&A as expected, as typical in Q4, which is as you're calibrating your models for 2023 to finish out the year.
Drew Asher: And you asked about the -- our view on the PDR has that changed? Our current guidance gives us capacity for PDR in the mid-200s. But the accounting calculations in December will dictate that precise number.
Drew Asher: Yes, back at -- I think in the January conference we outlined, as we talked about a number of the factors before we had any real data on redeterminations and now we've actually got real data, which sort of trumps all the hypotheses that we were going through leading up to April of 2023. We had indicated that as we look through our data, we could see through COB claims, the other insurance coverage where members that had duplicative coverage had gone from 2.7% of the Medicaid population in 2019 to 3.4%. So made sense at the time, we sort of triangulated that with a bunch of other things to come up with our forecast that we outlined on the Q1 call. And the good news is we're right on track with those forecasts now that we've got -- we're well into redeterminations and over 40% according to our estimates through redeterminations.  On the PBM that's right on track, as Sarah mentioned, and the economics as well that we're expecting. And as you would expect from us, many of those are in the form of guarantees that our PBM underwrote. So we're on track for the contribution to the greater than 660 from the PBM economics.
Drew Asher: Yes. So sometimes, it is tough to glean from public data exactly what we did with benefits or what any payer do with benefits. You can get directional. But if you sort of got into our bids and now our product set that's being sold out there in the market today, you'd see that we heavily trimmed our Part B giveback and PPO plans, but we invested in D-SNP. And with the supplemental benefits, we actually combined a number of supplemental benefits into a simple spendables card. So think Flex, OTC, grocery. And so that simplifies it for the member and you may not actually be able to define that from some of the landscape files. But yes, as we said earlier, we haven't changed our view on sort of our forecast for 2024 in terms of about $16 billion of Medicare Advantage revenue down about $4 billion.
Drew Asher: Yes, it's consistent with our expectations and as you might imagine, it really varies by state to state subpopulation to subpopulation. And you're right, with the 1/1 rates, 7 of them in, all including acuity adjustments, feel pretty good about the matching of rates so far with a couple of exceptions, but in the aggregate, matching of the rates with our acuity forward estimates.
Drew Asher: Yes. We do expect. Other than one state where we're only LTSS which is an exception, obviously, relative to redeterminations, the answer is yes to your first question. And then you're right, we're still shifting during this intermediate time period of getting to a post redetermination environment from the pre and the pre-redetermination environment, the 0 utilizers were up for the expansion population. They're actually down and CHIP and TANF, as you're recalling correctly, was flat. So we're moving through that process, refreshing data. But that's sort of -- we're in between the pre and the post redetermination phase, so that will shift throughout that time period.
