William N. Scheffel: Correct, basically I would use $0.73 for Q2 because for the year we are seeing our guidance numbers do not include any of the merger related expenses. 
William N. Scheffel: Sure thing, the main thing is that we have got -- it happens from time to time. New programs start up with higher HBRs and so we have new programs in Illinois and the Florida MMA program. MMA program for example we still run high and it has been much discussed.
William N. Scheffel: Correct, the Florida LTC has improved year-over-year as that was more or less rate adjustments were made in the fourth quarter of 2014.
William N. Scheffel: Well we do have discussions with the states on how to kind of counteract that trend but equally one of the biggest drivers of it is the attitude of the provider community about moving people into managed care programs versus deeper service Medicare and that’s something that we’re aggressively attacking. Also by pointing out as we do in many other situations why managed care is beneficial overall for members, providers, and for the state and government partner. So we are actively engaged and marketing to the provider community as well. 
William N. Scheffel: I don’t think we are prepared to get into 2016 yet at this point. I think what I said back in June and still say today is we felt that it was a more even distribution for Q2, Q3, and Q4 of 2015 and in December we can talk maybe a little bit more about the seasonality for 2016.
William N. Scheffel: Sure two things I would say is year-over-year we now have the Chicago County Care contract included in our results that started July 1, 2014. So it’s on the revenue side and then from a performance standpoint I think we just had near favorable performance from several of our units that are included in the service revenue component. 
William N. Scheffel: I would just say that’s a favorable performance that I mentioned in several of the units to makeup the service revenue component. 
William N. Scheffel: Well typically at our Investor Day in June we try to give some idea about the visibility we have on growth for 2016 on the premium service revenue line level. We don’t really get into the earnings per share numbers. At that point in time we try to wait till will get 2016 guidance on that. But clearly we would expect to have a reasonable percentage growth in earnings that were going over at the top line. 
William N. Scheffel: I think there is nothing particularly special there. At any point in time at the end of any quarter there is certain amount that is in transition set to pay or just pay things like that. So, I wouldn’t draw any particular conclusions in those relationships. 
William N. Scheffel: I think that the G&A ratio for the quarter was 8.5% which was consistent with the first quarter, consistent with our expectations. I think we talked at the Investor Day about the business expansion cost being in the $0.50 range a year, of $0.25 range now that is presplit. But as a percentage of our revenue it was continuing to decrease. We had a slide on that. We believe that, that's a necessary element of our growth and would continue forever so to speak in the sense of having those business expansion cost as we incurred a lot of cost prior to the time we start the revenue generation particularly in de-novos and new states. So, that is just an ongoing part of the business we would expect to have. We do expect that as we continue to grow our G&A, the scale will be that the G&A ratio will fall and we showed I think some of the components of that also at our Investor Day to show that the core G&A has continued to fall over the last several years. And we believe that will continue to some level. It will tail off at some point because you will reach sort of the limitations there.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, they were higher in the first quarter by 48 million compared to the second quarter, those are all pass throughs. 
William N. Scheffel: We have a management fee which is used at the statutory level. But one other thing too I think when people look at statutory financials I think they need to also be thinking about how the statutory accounting works for the health insurer fee in these years now. In particular for statutory purposes to help insurer fee is essentially expensed on day one in the statutory financials i.e. January 1 and then revenue was recognized ratably through the quarters. So there is that mismatch on an interim basis on the statutory financials that I think people should take into consideration. 
William N. Scheffel: Sure, we lowered our HBR guidance ratio by 10 basis points on each end as our estimates for the HBR for the year are a little lower than they were maybe at the beginning of the year and felt that was appropriate. 
William N. Scheffel: I think in some of our businesses there were two things, one our individual health business historical consult to get favorable results in that period and we also had some favorable adjustments in one of our Arizona businesses. 
William N. Scheffel: Well our guidance numbers are expected HBR for the whole year for 12 months. And so what we’ve seen in the first half is the normal seasonality first quarter, you have flu second quarter, absence of flu and lower cost. Second half of the year we would expect to be in the range that we provided. I think that we are not necessarily expecting it to be much lower given what the second quarter is usually our more favorable quarter. But we’ll wait and see at this point. 
William N. Scheffel: That’s a reasonable level for the second half of the year it can be a little choppy from quarter to quarter depending on a couple of different things. But I think that that’s the normal run rate. There is less correlation between total memberships at times in some of those businesses. So I wouldn’t totally use that as my predictor. 
William N. Scheffel: I think that increase is relatively consistent from quarter-to-quarter. We provide the last five quarters in our press release in terms of employees and you can see a steady increase every quarter. 
William N. Scheffel: Our guidance includes expected rate increase in Florida for September 1, which is -- it is greater than 0 to 1 average for the whole company. But still that’s still in discussion stage on several fronts. So we don’t want to give specific numbers. 
Jesse N. Hunter: Josh, it is Jesse. So, I think probably the best way to think about this is it is a separate contract in Florida so it really strengthens our broader Florida footprint. As we mentioned in the comments it takes us from what has been historically a very small participation in that contract. I would say deminimus amount of membership to a state wide presence. So, it is going to be as a more important as diversification in the market than it is from an absolute kind of membership -- absolute membership perspective. So I think if we want to give aggregate number of members but I think it is less than 50,000 members. 
Jesse N. Hunter: Yeah, that would be our potential so, go like if you want to narrow the range you would say between 20,000 and 30,000 something along those lines. 
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes, Sarah this is Jesse. I think that we talked a little bit at Investor Day about kind of we haven’t got the range of stages of participation. Various states are thinking about Medicaid managed care. I think we had a reference to North Carolina as one of the states that is in the earlier stages. So, I think that's why I would continue to have characterized it. So I think there is, we do believe there is kind of longer term opportunity there but there is a lot of pieces that need to come into place in order for that -- opportunity really come to fruition. But as you said it is a meaningful opportunity and one that is still is high on our radar. 
Jesse N. Hunter: Yes, our understanding just again based on either publicly available information is that the state would intend to make an award in the middle of August. 
Jesse N. Hunter: Hi Ana, it is Jesse. So I don’t think we can comment on what other people are talking about with respect to other people trying to enter the market. I think we continue to be standby our performance in that contract over the last number of years and the quality of our response. And I think on the first part the timing is always a little bit open but we do expect sometime I think August is probably the best window that we would communicate at this point for anticipated award. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I think obviously if there is some narrowing in good markets and there are good books of business we would be willing to look at them and be clearly responsive fairly quickly. Obviously if it is in existing market it is a lot easier to make that decision because it is a tuck in. If it is a new market it has to be -- has to be big in size and scale to make it worthwhile setting up an organization for it. So, it is going to be a case by case basis but we would clearly be willing to look at that. 
Michael F. Neidorff: We are in constant discussions, we will exchange the information. Our actuaries are talking and so we did work with them and we always found Florida to be very responsive and we believe we will work it out. Rone, anything you would add to that. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I think they really need to understand the case management capabilities we have to how it’s really very supportive of the providers versus the traffic. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I think our response to this one in yesterday so I don’t want to front run the CMS on it. But on balance we are still very comfortable with what we are doing. Now we can see some balance regulations here and we particularly like the actuarial soundness being reaffirmed and by rates but we think that’s a very constructive important change. So unbalanced I am going to leave it at that until we get our full reports but we agree with most of what's there. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I think, I will start and Bill will add to it. It is going to be a matter of product mix, timing, and different factors. Obviously as the business matures we would expect to see some margin expansion in existing businesses. But it is once again the mix of new products coming in. Anything you want to add. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I think some of the whole series and any of the providers you can find at different times providing that pressure. And I think that’s why we are working so hard on the education side to let them know that we really are going to make things better and easier and less complicated for them because of what we do. We have – our case and other systems that are really model medical management system that can serve them very well and that’s the approach we are taking. And I think in Ohio our opt out rates were around 32%. 
Michael F. Neidorff: It is coming down a little bit so we’ll continue to work at it and it’s a long process, it’s not an instant fix. 
Michael F. Neidorff: We continue down the track of our international expansion in a very methodical, responsible way and it took things very well. Anything you want to add to me. 
Michael F. Neidorff: It’s really just -- Agate has its employees and we’ll continue to support that as appropriate. But the way that business is growing we said it was up 39%, 38% so you can expect the employment pace to grow. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I mean we are not going to say something that we can forecast downside on but we try to put realistic numbers in our guidance and what we have in now we think is a realistic expectation and I agree not paid attention what others really like. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I think we just look at across the whole book of business and we see it as a stable business, they were trend. 
Michael F. Neidorff: I think a lot of states look at it. It’s really a political thing between the governors and their legislators and I think trying to hazard how many are going to do would be a little foolhardy going into a national election on the 16th. 
Michael F. Neidorff: It’s a combination with the management fees in there and that has a lot to do with we’ve talked about historically. 
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, thank you. We appreciate your interest and look forward to talking to you at the end of Q3. Thank you.
