Jeff Schwaneke: Thank you, Bill, and good morning. I would like to spend a few minutes to discuss our combined guidance for 2016. In our press release this morning, reporting our full year results for 2015 we have also included our 2016 annual guidance. The guidance has been adjusted for the following items; first, we have changed our assumption with respect to the closing date of the Health Net transaction. We're now assuming the transaction closes on March 1. While this does not impact our run rate revenues or earnings, it does change the number of months in Health Net we're able to include in the consolidated financial statements for 2016. As mentioned in our December Investor Day, one month of Health Net revenue is approximately $1.3 billion. The March 1 closing date is an assumption we have made for guidance purposes, and the transaction remains subject to regulatory approval in California. The actual closing date of the Health Net transaction will determine the number of months and days of Health Net results that will be included in our consolidated financial statements for 2016. Second, we recently announced the pricing of 2.4 billion of senior unsecured debt in connection with the Health Net transaction and have updated our assumptions with respect to interest expense. Consistent with what we have done in the past in matching our balance sheet exposure to short-term interest rates, we intend to swap up to approximately $1.6 billion of the senior debt to a floating rate of interest at transaction closing. Since we have entered into the interest rate swap agreements, the ultimate interest rate of the transaction financing will continue to fluctuate. Third, we have adjusted our range on Health Net merger-related expenses, which will continue to change until closing and have reduced the guidance range for the amortization of intangible asset associated with acquisitions by one month to reflect the assumed March 1 closing date. And finally we have updated our guidance to include the recent contract award for Centurion in Florida. As a result of all these items for 2016, our combined guidance is as follows; total revenues of $40 billion to $40.8 billion, GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.80 to $3.15, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.05 to $4.40. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes the amortization of intangible assets associated with acquisitions, which we estimate to be between $0.50 and $0.55 per share, and Health Net related merger expenses, which we estimate to be between $0.70 and $0.75 per diluted share with both items reflecting the revised closing date assumption. We have adjusted the bottom-end of our diluted earnings per share range to reflect the one month delay and the assumed closing date of the Health Net transaction. For 2016, we expect approximately 45% of our annual adjusted diluted earnings per share we earned in the first half of the year, and we expect the first quarter to be lower than the second quarter, due to seasonality of the business, the extra day from leap year, and only including one month of Health Net in our consolidated results for the first quarter. Additionally, our guidance assumes no receivables for the risk corridor program and a payable for the risk adjustment program in 2016. We will provide further details on our 2016 guidance after regulatory approval, and the closing of the Health Net transaction. This concludes our remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I think Michael had quoted the number in his script as far as what the annual revenue is. Yes, it’s over 267 million, and I think the start date is in Q2.
Jeff Schwaneke: No, Josh. This is Jeff. I mean, as you are aware, not all months are created equal. So I’m not going to get into the details on a month-by-month basis of Health Net. However I would say, when you shift out an entire month of the transaction, there’s a lot of things that play into that, amortization, share count on the diluted shares outstanding, et cetera. So I think we had a lot of puts and takes. And when you add it all together we feel comfortable with our guidance range where it is now.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, this is Jeff. I mean as far as on a combined basis with Health Net we haven't given out anything on that as far as Centene is concerned. I think we have a range from the 40, you know, low 40s to mid-40s, I'd still expect to be in that range. I don't see anything unusual happening there. I think the biggest thing that impacts that is that how fast we receive claims and the EDI rate that we have, and we have continued to see an increase in the EDI rate. And so over time you would expect that to reduce your days in claims payable, but nothing significant that I would expect.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Again, the most significant component of time on days in claims payable is how long it takes from the date of service to when we receive the claims. And that’s the majority of the time as Michael mentioned how fast we actually process those payments once we receive the claim.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, this is Jeff. I mean we haven't -- we’re in this spot here where we are kind of waiting for the Health Net transaction to close here. So we haven't gotten into those details. I think once the transaction closes we’ll provide all of the normal, I would say, guidance information including tax rates, shares outstanding, start-up costs etcetera, etcetera, but right now we’re just in a position where as you've seen we went from February to March 1, we are just in a position where we really have to wait until closing.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. This is Jeff. You're a little hard to hear there, but you know, I think as I commented in our Investor Day, we're not going to give standalone guidance for Centene. So we'll have to get into that on a combined basis once the transaction closes.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, Scott. This is Jesse Hunter. I think as you mentioned, Nebraska’s got the experience with existing Medicaid managed care players. I think when you take that, plus the benefits of the integrated services that you referenced, particularly on behavioral and pharmacy, we think there’s been a very prudent process with good visibility on rate setting, actuarial soundness and the like. So we feel, you know, there’s always some question mark when you go into these things. But we are not looking at this as a negative rate kind of entry point. We think there’s good visibility on the path to achieving our target margins in Nebraska.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, you’re correct. So obviously we’ve already priced the debt. And I think what I’m saying today is that we are anticipating swapping up to a 1.6 billion to a floating rate of interest consistent with what we’ve done in the past. Our current guidance does assume some blending form of the coupon plus the benefit of the swaps. Obviously we wouldn’t execute the swap transactions if they weren’t beneficial. So I would say right now we believe we have a relatively conservative assumption based on where the spreads are on the swaps today.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, just on the second part of that, Andy, we have seen the momentum really is around states looking at the other LTSS programs for Managed long-term care as kind of an extension, if you will, of the dual demo program. So you're not seeing a lot of new dual demo programs coming up, but you are seeing a meaningful amount of momentum on Managed long-term care contracts, either embedded within kind of existing states or RFEs that would be specific for that set of services.
Jesse Hunter: Yes, this is Jesse, I would just add to that, Michael mentioned these comments in his prepared remarks; the growth that we are seeing is in the states where we have had longstanding participation in the market place. We are known in those products and we've seen the demographics, consistent approach that we have taken in terms of discipline or networks and pricing etcetera, and the demographics for those peak memberships that Michael referenced is wholesale in line with what we have seen over the past two years.
Michael Neidorff: I think we have set up the structure, and [indiscernible] has done a good job getting it all laid out with the team, and as I said in my comments, it's in place to hit the ground running. We’ll be working with Jim on a consulting basis as appropriate, and Jay, we’re in conversations with, but there won’t be any active participation in the new company. It would be in a consulting role for both of them [ph].
Michael Neidorff: Chris, as I understand it, it’s still open. They’re reviewing all the documents they have. And they just want to make sure they have what they need before they close it, but we’ve had no additional requests since then. We’re discussing the agreements that we’ll have between the two of us. The lawyers are [technical difficulty]. It’s moving along. And as you probably saw, if you watched the hearing, it was a very professional, well-conducted hearing.
Michael Neidorff: [Technical difficulty] with the agreements we’ve reached he can [indiscernible] approved at any point he wishes.
Michael Neidorff: I think, one, we’ve indicated we’re going to enter methodically, carefully, and this will probably -- three new markets in January, next year. We’re not saying which ones for obvious competitive reasons. I think that the big difference is that we’ve done -- some of us have done Medicare before, and they understand it, but they have some systems and capabilities. They have the four stars, which does give you a premium benefit with the first two years, 5%. And I think the major difference, Josh, is that there’s a corporation now that has the commitment to build the systems and capabilities to continue to grow and expand the MA, versus someone -- a company that was in a different mode, and in the middle of outsourcing a lot of things before the acquisition. It’s almost a mentality thing, as much as anything. There’s very capable people there that are excited about what this opportunity working with us means.
Michael Neidorff: I think also -- I think one of the important elements is that we look at, and you’ve seen it -- and we’ve talked about it historically. How over a course of a year the medical loss ratio and health benefit ratio normalize. And it was the significant aspects of that with the higher acuity population [technical difficulty] you expect some improvements in operations.
Michael Neidorff: I’ll start. [Indiscernible] but I view that as an accounting issue. And I think our team here has, of whether it be refunds to states or any aspect of it, understands wholly the business, and accrues the appropriate amounts on an ongoing basis. And that’s what the Board and myself expect of them. And so those kind of surprises are few and far between.
Michael Neidorff: I think we commented that, one, the growth is in line with what we expected. And you have the initial enrollment, and those that actually paid the premium were good. So that’s coming in as we would expect it to. And on margins, we continue to price it. And it continues to perform in line fully with our margins. As I said, we have not priced this profit [indiscernible] prices with a great deal of dependency on the PRs and hence we've had a payable when you safely look at those aspects on a [indiscernible] basis within the state. We see no reason why that’s going to change. We've maintained the same approach, we have the subsidy population, we commented in the script that the profile of the individual goals are the same and so it’s a matter of -- we're in the risk business and it's called managing the risk.
Michael Neidorff: I think we see some indications of [technical difficulty] at this point in time. That's why I said it's too early to say that it's going to be no flu season at all this year. We've seen the flu season come early; we've seen them come late. I would say on fourth quarter, and Jeff can confirm this, but we have looked the normal flu range that we do as we did in every quarter. And if not the high-end or the low-end, it's what we reasonably expected.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we have stated that we are going to be very methodical in bringing answers to routine. Too many times when people try to do it quickly and they feel the twist and [indiscernible]. We stated that we anticipate it's going to take two years to fully integrate all systems. They are in the middle of a lot of outsourcing. That’s all coming back in. They have a lot of people offshore that will be coming back. So there's lot of different aspects. So it's anticipated couple of years, and we’ll keep you informed as…
Michael Neidorff: I've had some discussions with [indiscernible], some of the needs they have to do to reduce the system enrollment [indiscernible] population. We're doing a little better or higher, I think we are -- last time I looked, it was 30% versus 50% in some other states, but I think the states recognize this and it's just a matter of what they have on their plate and their willingness and ability to do that.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. So let me [technical difficulty] is really a data issue in our Phase 2 with no inclusion or no hacking [technical difficulty]. It was very important. If we continue down the process with continued look at it, we continue to apply an abundance of conservatism and transparency source. Clearly to this point we have seen no hint or any indication of any inappropriate user's data, and we’ll continue the discharge and looking to see if we have 22,000 -- and you're looking for sixth, that’s -- we don’t exactly know when we're doing that. Historically, again just -- that we would check. So there is no update beyond that, but it's -- as I said, we’re following through, we’re notifying everybody and importantly see if this data was an incredibly drop form. We're using it to line up the safe laboratory and other data. So it's not a very usable thing. We really have to have a lot of our systems we get to, but once again, as soon as see something that could be a issue, our policy is to get it out.
Michael Neidorff: Roughly my memory is that [indiscernible] was around 600,000, but that doesn’t include those that have paid and [technical difficulty] for those numbers. So we expected probably the 75% or something of -- what has shown in indication is always the [indiscernible].
Michael Neidorff: [Technical difficulty] business and we tend to avoid going to businesses where there is a PDR before you see your first…
Michael Neidorff: We have really great actuaries [ph]. We will not sign a contract that we don’t think is adequate. We looked at it. We recognized that it may not be profitable from day one, so we have to have service ability and I can tell you it is [indiscernible].
Michael Neidorff: It was important. [Indiscernible] no way at any time [technical difficulty] as we look to the dual product for any of our growth, we recognized it was a very slow, difficult process the way it was structured with the opt-out, et cetera, and for that reason we have said from the beginning that it's just not something that we put our [indiscernible]. We are doing enough. I think we said it at the Investor Day [technical difficulty]. We're doing enough to demonstrate that we're ready to do it, and do it well. So when we are working with the state issues that affect the offset, so that when a new city decides to do something about it, we are in a strong position. And beyond that, I have no great expectations that it's not going to make any state or [indiscernible].
Michael Neidorff: I think you are going to have to [indiscernible] dramatic changes to minimize the opt-out. There always will be some, but you can't have 50% opt-out and have any continuity affairs. That has changed.
Michael Neidorff: Thank you. I want to thank you all for your interest, comments, and I look forward to another very strong year. I hope Jeff will be giving the same kind of reports that Bill has. So, thank you everybody, have a good day.
Bill Scheffel: Well, I think on Hep C we’ve seen a little bit of plateauing that has occurred. And I think with some of the changing guidelines in the future, that may ramp up again. But right now I think what you’re seeing, our 2015 results is more of a plateauing.
Bill Scheffel: Sure. If you look at the quarter-over-quarter, we improved 130 basis points. And for us that was the largest item dealt with the improvement in higher acuity membership, particularly long-term care, where we see probably both -- medical management techniques that we’ve applied, and rates over the year. We’ve also had the premium increases and adjustments that we received between year-over-year, particularly in some of our larger states. And then flu season was much lower this year than last year.
Bill Scheffel: It’s a combination of both. We get rate increases in three of our largest states in the second half of the year, with Georgia on July 1, and Florida and Texas on September 1. And then there’s also risk adjustments that are made periodically by the states. And those can be somewhat lumpy at times, as when those are actually provided to us. So the combination of all those things gave us the overall rate and improvement.
Bill Scheffel: Yes, I agree. The product has performed very steadily for us, and well over the last two years. And there was nothing in the fourth quarter that really was a significant adjustment that changed anything of any consequence.
Bill Scheffel: I said probably in many presentations [technical difficulty]. We are averaging 98 plus percent, 98.6% payment and [indiscernible]. We have 99% accuracy within the payment of those things. So you put all those kinds of factors together, it gives you a high degree of confidence in your like tables, and those factors -- I think the greatest impact as Jeff highlighted will [indiscernible] some investors. That’s the variable, and when you have a constant on the other end of it that says you don't have to measure as many different views -- date received methodology. So if things [indiscernible].
Bill Scheffel: Yes. Again that’s about the number for the peak point enrollment. I think it's important to know that the enrollments peaks and then continues to reduce down through the year. We anticipate that experience, so your 146 is the low point of the year in terms of comparison in terms of that.
Bill Scheffel: The renewal rate is very high, so we did see most of our people -- reasonable number renewal like we expected.
Bill Scheffel: MLRs are slightly lower for the Medicaid expansion population than our overall average MLR, given the lower -- slightly lower acuity of the population. So that would be kind of in line with our expectations. And then the total program size is about -- expected to be 250,000 members. That could grow over time and there are five managed care organizations in Louisiana. So those are the rough dimensions for the opportunity.
Bill Scheffel: The only thing I would add is that when we prepare our budgets and operating plans, we assume we’re going to win business and have new plans coming in every year. So when we said for example in the fourth quarter we've included the start-up cost for something like Nebraska that’s because we are always anticipating a certain level of those business expansion costs.
