Barry Smith: The hearing is scheduled for August the 12th and that we don’t know at this point in time what the outcome of that event will be. There is a lot of discussions that will be had, and we’re putting together materials right now. But it’s really unclear at this point what the – how long this will take to resolve. It could be resolved in a short time or it could take a very long time. We just don’t know at this point.
Barry Smith: It’s a significant contract expansion and so we couldn’t be more delighted with that. But importantly, it demonstrates the same operating capabilities as we now or now are demonstrating in Florida and yet in other states. So it’s an exciting expansion for us.
Barry Smith: Thanks, Josh, and good morning. We’re starting off in Florida with a very small base and we’ll grow into it incrementally. We likely won’t see a lot of traction until 2014. But it was important to get that start because it allows us to participate in the ITM process and hopefully receive a good result later this year in that, to start those specialty plans for next year. So again, starting out very minimally, but growing and it’s performing almost exactly as we anticipated it would at the beginning here.
Barry Smith: Yes. Well, we haven’t really indicated what we believe the growth will be through the end of the year. For these initial lives, we do have – they’re largely TANF lives to start with. So the revenues won’t be material through this year. We would expect to see a significant ramp-up in 2014. But again, we haven’t indicated our given guidance on that growth or the revenues for this year.
Barry Smith: Yes, Josh. All of the above. We had to go through the entire build out of virtually every aspect of a health plan to get to the licensee procedure, including all the ACA reviews, ACA 1 and ACA 2. That required us – those were all required to be able to take our first enrollees, which we’ve done. And we’ve already started to process claims and do all the things the health plan would do to manage utilization and to process claim. So we do have that data now and we’re beginning to build that, which is just great experience as we’re going through the ITM process there in Florida and get ready to launch in a pretty significant way in 2014. So, yes, all of the above.
Barry Smith: Let me answer that last part of the question first, Josh. I think that, number one the rates were a combination of both the state Medicaid program and CMS. And both clearly have a strong desire to see the program be successful. And we are going to face with both the state officials as well as with CMS and we get extensive discussions. We’re all very positive and I think we all wanted to see the same positive result. The reality is, and again, it’s different from state to state, you’ve seen one state, you’ve seen one state, is that the provider network contracting environment was simply – turned out not to be very positive in the state of Massachusetts. I think that with the expertise of Fallon Total Care or the Fallon Community Health Plans, Hughes is the CEO there, has become and good friend. These are good high quality players who know the state well. We went into the joint venture with Fallon because they understand the state and understand the nature of those networks. Early on, I think with these duals programs it’s challenging to understand the ultimate result. I think that in the state of Massachusetts, we were asked, as well as all the other entities that were bidding, to provide the network prior to having the finalized rates. So I think it put people in kind of a difficult situation of committing to a program or not fully committing to a program, but indicating the network prior to having really the clout of having a finalized rate to negotiate against. So in this particular case, a number of those who won the right to participate in each of these counties have dropped out of the program because they’ve seen similar network challenges as we did with Fallon. And these are very significant healthcare knowledgeable managed care entities in the state of Massachusetts. So I think that the net result here is that, going forward, I don’t know that we would’ve done anything differently knowing what we know today, simply because it was not knowable until we went through that process. Other states, there’ll be some challenges in other states, not necessarily that we’re participating in. But I think there might be some challenges in California and in other states, maybe in Illinois that will be similar in terms of the network challenge. Where they’ll end up we don’t know. But it’s a game of chicken when it comes right down to it with the network providers and the rates that are established. So will CMS put more pressure on some of the provider networks, will that be effective? We just don’t know. But it will be an interesting thing to see play out.
Barry Smith: Yes. That guidance would certainly be very, very helpful to us. And the project reality is typically you’ll build out a network with a proviso that you can go back to the network when you receive the final rates to renegotiate, to fine-tune those rates to make sure there are the proper economics in place to be successful over the long term.
Barry Smith: Well, our arguments have remained the same at the very beginning. We believe very strongly that the entity that was awarded the contract is not qualified legally since they have an [inaudible] there. One of the sponsors of that plan that won is actually a provider of care and that is not legally – was not legally permitted in the RFP process. The process was changed during the RFP time and they also didn’t adhere to the requirement to be licensed as an HMO by the date specified in the RFP. There are numerous issues there legally that we feel are very valid today and we remain as enthusiastic as we were from the very start about the basis for our protest. In terms of the process, again, we have the hearing set for August the 12th. We’re busily preparing for that important date. Again, we have no understanding of what will result yet until we go through that process. But let me just take you through the process here that might give some additional light. We’ll have that hearing on the August 12th. This is with an independent administrative judge by the Department of Administration. So we believe it will be a fairly – we hope that it will be a fairly unbiased judgment of the protest arguments. If for whatever reason that does not go our way, we do have another opportunity to go to appeals, to the Superior Court of Arizona, in Arizona there and go through the same argument process with those folks. Then if the superior court denies the protest, we then have the right to appeal to the Arizona Supreme Court. And given our argument and the strengths of our arguments, we’re prepared to go all the way to the Supreme Court if required because we believe that we should have won that award. There is also an issue of ongoing bias in favor of the winning bidder and that goes through both the process, as well as these legal arguments and scoring errors in the RFP evaluation. We believe that we are on very strong and solid ground. But again, we won’t know the result until we go through the process. So hopefully that’s helpful, Ana.Ana Gupte – Dowling & Partners: Yes, that’s helpful. Thanks. So it sounds like you’re pretty optimistic and then you do have the process of appeal all the way to Supreme Court. So you sound like you could even run through the duration of the contract. Is that fair –
Barry Smith: Well, no, no. I don’t mean to indicate that. We really have no – we express no sentiment whatsoever, positive or negative. We simply believe our arguments are very sound and we’re hopeful that we’re going to win in this process, but we really don’t know. So we don’t want to convey optimism nor negativity. We just don’t know at this point.Ana Gupte – Dowling & Partners: Okay. Well, thank you. Appreciate it.
Barry Smith: Sure. We are working very closely with our Big Blues clients, in particular, all of our health plan clients, to engineer the proper product and levels of product given the various middle plans. One of our big clients as you know is Blue Shield with California and we’ve had a team working extensively with Blue Shield, and we believe that they’re going to be very successful on that, the individual and small group product, exchange product they have. In terms of the underwriting and kind of risk assessment, we do have also our underwriting team very actively engaged with them to make sure that it’s priced properly given the anticipated utilization. The product, interestingly, will evolve we believe overtime to be more automated, deliver very high value dependent upon the level, the middle plan level. So again, a lot of extensive work has got into this. Clearly, over the next year, when we see the activity level in the exchanges, that product will likely continue to evolve and it will evolve pricing as we have the experience. But we feel quite comfortable and confident in what we put forward with Shield and others in terms of both pricing experience and product desirability in the market.
Barry Smith: Absolutely, absolutely. And clearly, it’s going to be different from area to area, but you raised a good point. We’re watching it very closely.
Barry Smith: Yes. We are as focused as ever on the acquisition front in the PBM world. There has been some recent action. We’re following those things closely. There was a recent announcing of Envision with TPG. We believe that it is a segment that is still very, very attractive and we remain very optimistic. We believe that with both capital structure and with our internal expertise, we are uniquely positioned to look at these acquisitions and have them be synergistic as we acquire them. And so, we’re in active discussions and will remain so in this arena. So we’re enthusiastic about it. It’s full throttle forward.
Barry Smith: The real difference between the traditional PBM market and what we have to offer is far more in-depth, sophisticated clinical content and interfaced with both the patient and with the prescriber. Historically, the PBM world is operated kind of in a vacuum with great operating systems and great capabilities, but unless you interface directly with a provider and with a patient in a very meaningful way, particularly for these very high cost medications that are in the specialty world, you really can’t have the best possible impact. And so when we talk about Magellan Total Drug Solutions, we’re talking about being able to manage the cost of a drug no matter if it had been historically in the medical claims spin or in the PBM world, no matter where that individual received that medication, either in the physician’s office or through their home. And we also interface very closely with the plan sponsors to aggregate their medical data so that we can more easily evaluate the clinical appropriateness of the medication for the individual. We also, from a cost standpoint, don’t just look at the unit cost of a drug by itself. We consider the rebate potential, the ability to shift within a therapeutic class, along with the appropriateness in a therapeutic class of drug, as well as unit cost. So it’s a combination of very sophisticated protocols for unit cost including rebate and other economic incentives, appropriateness from a therapeutic standpoint, but also appropriateness from a distribution channel. What’s the best channel to get that drug? We’re agnostic, whether it’s mail service or through the network, chain store network, an independent network.
Barry Smith: Yes. The consultants that we’ve interfaced with – and we’re expanding that even as we speak by hiring new folks who focus on the consultant/broker market, we think they’re critical in selling to employers and somehow plans. And so they do seem to be very receptive to that message. It’s fundamentally a different kind of product that they have seen historically. So again, I wouldn’t say that we’ve got massive exposure yet, we’re just building up that sales force to be able to tell our story more effectively.
Barry Smith: You bet. Thanks, Michael. Well, we’d like to thank you today for your participation in today’s conference call. We look forward to speak with you in October when we discuss our third quarter 2013 results. Take care. Bye-bye.
Jon Rubin: Well, I mean first of all, Dave, we don’t give quarterly guidance. So I can’t specifically comment on any specific expectations from the quarter. But I will note that, quarter-by-quarter, there are always going to be puts and takes that impact the results and make the quarter-to-quarter comparisons difficult when you look at things sequentially. I would, in answering your question on that and also commenting about the second half of the year, note a couple of things that are important. One being that, we did in the first half of the year, both in the first and second quarter, have a number of issues that I’d characterize as non-recurring or being out-of-period. And these issues include prior year development and other things we’ve noted in the call including some contractual settlements and retrospective care adjustments. Order of magnitude for the first half of the year, those amount to about $20 million in total. So that’s one thing to consider. The other thing that we’ve talked about is our model at this point still assumes that the Maricopa County Behavioral Health contract will transition away on October 1st. And as I noted in the first quarter call, the impact of that, including projecting expected severance level is approximately $19 million. So those are some of the items I’d consider as you’re sort of reflecting on the results and guidance.
Jon Rubin: Yes. Really, Carl, so there are two separate initiatives that we commented on. The first was what Barry commented on, which is the integrated behavioral health-led home initiative, and that was around $30 million in annualized revenue. The $100 million includes that plus an additional program that manages services for members who need support for daily living, so home-based services, which is the incremental amount. So the two of those add to the $100 million.
Jon Rubin: Carl, it’s Jon. At this point, we’re not prepared to talk in any specifics or even directionally about 2014. We’ll certainly do that as we always do on the October call to give some directional color. So at this point, I wouldn’t comment beyond just saying we’ve highlighted what we know at this point about 2014 both in terms of some of the areas of growth like what we just talked about in Iowa and have talked about losses. But we’ll get more specific as we go to next quarter’s call.
Jon Rubin: The other thing Carl that I’d add is that – I’m sorry, Josh, that I’d add is that with the benefit of having gone through the process with Massachusetts particularly with CMS, our actuaries have a much better understanding now of how the CMS rating process works, which is pretty predictable as we go forward. So I think that will help us a lot to make those up for an assessment as well.
Jon Rubin: Yes, Scott, it’s Jon. I mentioned a couple things. One is you’re correct. The trends in Radiology as we outlined last quarter have continued to run favorable even to our internal expectations. And I don’t know if I’d say it’s gravity-defying, but certainly they’re saying. As you think about the drivers of that, it’s really been twofold and both have worked to our advantage. One, we’ve seen the presentations, meaning the utilization or request for services continue to be low. It’s upticked a little bit, but still has been low. In addition though, our team has been working over the last couple years to improve the effectiveness of our care management processes and we measure that by clinical yield, meaning, how much impact do we have on the request that come in. And that has actually trended very favorably as a result of the great work that the radiology team has initiated. So both of those have worked to our advantages as we move forward. As we talked about or as I talked about a little earlier, we still are pricing at the same level in terms of trends based on our forward-looking view. We’re serving at 3% to 5% range for our trend as we look forward. And while we do anticipate that the trends will come back to a more normalized levels going forward, as we pointed out, they have not yet, and we continue to see the favorability.
Jon Rubin: Scott, a couple things, just following on to your question. One being, if you recall, we did extend our credit facility over the past year, really, to give us the flexibility and take advantage of the favorable interest rate environment. So that’s one. Two, we absolutely will factor in the interest rates and availability of funds as we think about our capital decisions going forward. At the same time today, we really wanted to reserve our debt capacity to give us the financial flexibility that we think we’ll need with the opportunities we have ahead, to invest in growth and potentially to pursue acquisition. So that’s been our strategy and we’re maintaining it.
Scott Fidel – Deutsche Bank: Thanks. First question. Just wanted to ask about how you’re thinking about potential exchange driven enrolment in 2014, particularly relative to a number of your Blues customer and given that the Blues are going more aggressively into the exchanges. And then, how are you thinking about sort of pricing with the Blues customers with those commercial customers for 2014, just given the potential that we could see some higher utilization amongst the new enrollees into the exchanges? Sort of similar to what you saw with some of those young adults that came on to the parents’ plans, aged under 26, initially, earlier last year.
Scott Fidel – Deutsche Bank: Okay. So the bottom line is you’re definitely thinking about some of those initial utilization patterns as you’re rating those products for the first year.
Scott Fidel – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And I just have one last question. And just thinking about the potential here for interest rates to start rising from the historically low levels over the next couple of years, and just the current capital structure, dynamic. Just interested in your thinking about, have you considered being more opportunistic around the capital structure just given the continued favorable interest environment and that may not continue for that much longer? Or would you think about adding that onto the balance sheet being more – having a prerequisite first of having visible M&A or something like that before you’d want to take that type of approach? Thanks.
