Jon Rubin: Dave this is Jon, I will give you a kind of the broad answer to that, but again we will provide more detailed guidance as we get to December. First, your interpretation of the run rate in 2013 is correct after adjusting for the non-recurring items. In terms of the (indiscernible) again we are at a point yet where we have the details sufficiently nailed down to give you a more precise directional indication than we have point. I will just point to a couple of things that we noted. One, the contract terminations of $900 million that we previously disclosed would certainly be the largest item to consider in the year-over-year picture. But again we also have the impact of Partners Rx going the other way as well as a new business. So again we will get more specific as we get into December and we will do the call then. Relative to the question on the transition – the transition and severance costs. At this point our assumption is that the vast majority of that will be recorded this year and as described that’s the roughly in the fourth quarter $8 million to $12 million plus we’ve also recorded some severance this quarter $5 million on the commercial side and another $2 million to $3 million flows through corporate, so all those you really can consider part of the kind of net one-time expenses that are incurred in 2013.
Jon Rubin: At this point yes in sort of the directional guidance obviously as we learn more and at the point where we are in December we will update that to the extent that’s appropriate.
Jon Rubin: Yes, Josh, it’s Jon, in terms of fourth quarter, I mean, it’s relatively modest, I mean because we’ve got obviously some earnings coming through but also some integration expenses build in. So, it’s relatively modest in the fourth quarter. In terms of the $0.20 accretion again I wouldn’t – I think most of that you can view as operating earnings less taxes, I mean, there is not a lot of other costs above or below the line you need to consider.
Jon Rubin: Again I look at it sort of after that is being after taxed and will be more specific in terms of the range when we get to December, but that’s the ballpark number and sort of in all in after tax basis.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I mean, there is things obviously going in both directions, but in terms of severance as I noted earlier there is about – there is $5 million in commercial and another couple of million in corporate to give you in an overall sense and then we also had some other one-time expenses is noted in corporate things like legal fees which were higher than normal during the quarter because of various activities that we are managing. When you – but then on the other side in public sector we had some favorable prior care development including the annual update we do on the block funding so it tends to net to a relatively small number when you look at it in total, call it $3 million favorable in the quarter overall.
Jon Rubin: That’s correct, yes, so we are the only SMI specialty plan that was approved and will be operational in the state on next year, but in each of the counties where we are operating there will be other health plans, the other MCOs general Medicaid plans that theoretically can compete for those members.
Jon Rubin: Yes, Scott. The current trends in terms of our outlook have not changed. So they are still at the levels that we have talked about over the last quarter. In terms of 2014, we will give kind of more specific updates when we get to December. At this point, I would just say directionally cost trends should continue at relatively similar levels to what we believe we are seeing currently, but we are going to be evaluating that and giving sort of specific outlook at our December call.
Jon Rubin: I mean, Scott to answer the question first, I would say these are tax contingencies that we put up for various reasons. So it’s very hard to predict what will actually play out year-to-year, which is why it makes it difficult to forecast. Having said that, we saw reversals last year of $35 million plus this year in the $24 million, $25 million range. There is a potential for these reversals to continue over the foreseeable future, but you can tell from the pattern in the last couple of years, it is sort of a declining pattern. We have remaining the opportunity of about and you can all update this as we file the case for the full year. We have about $32 million of remaining opportunities over future years. And again, the pattern should be declining over the years.
Jon Rubin: Yes, I mean at this point, we don’t give customer level details unless it kind of meets the threshold for material contracts, but we’ll say that we feel very good not just about that particular contract, but about the other wins that we have talked about. Some of which have been on the commercial side, some of which have been on the Medicaid side as well as the fact that we believe we have got great opportunities going forward both in traditional radiology, but also in new products such as pain management that I talked about. But again, unfortunately we don’t give any additional details on some of the less material contracts.
Jon Rubin: Carl, I will look in my comment at this stage is being more of a run rate comment, where we think we’ll be at the end of the ‘16 and I’m sorry end of ’14 and being able to build from there. We obviously aren’t in a position yet to be able to give specific commentary on 2015. Having said that remember also there is a lot of things going for us as we go through 2014. Barry talked very specifically about some of the developments in Florida as an example which obviously will not start and will not ramp up rates at the beginning of 2014. We’ve got very good momentum on pharmacy with sales activity both within partners RX and things going on in our organization. So, we feel very good about being able to grow from the point that we jump off in 2014, but again we’ll give a lot more specifics on it as we get through the next year.
Barry Smith: Yes, the only thing I’d note there, David is what we’ve noted before and what we’ve always shown in our queue. We did have some favorable adjustments in prior quarter customer settlements in second quarter that we are in the $6 million to $7 million range and conversely as we noted we had about $5 million of severance cost in the commercial segment this quarter. So, if you normalized for those I think you get a lot closer to what the run rate is.
Barry Smith: Hey, Josh, this is Barry here. We are also working through with the state the enrollment process and we haven’t completed that yet and so, we really can’t give any indications as what we would expect with the next couple of years, but it could be very positive. We don’t want to forecast that and we really know what their intention is.
Barry Smith: It’s absolutely possible Josh, and the good news is the shapes been great to work with and working with us through the criteria to identify. We clearly have a lot of experience to stay with the SMI population. We have great date and experience from the state on both the physical medical and the pharma pieces and it and they are various methodologies that we can use to identify the population and then the question becomes how aggressively will the state work to have those assigned to our plan. We believe we are going to be able to offer just exceptional quality of care and service of these individuals. So we think it’s a great upside from a quality care standpoint. We also think by integrating the Behavioral Health and Physical Medicine, we can work very effectively with the state to control costs. So we think that they are going to be very enthusiastic about working with us and moving forward but again, we don’t know yet that what that result is.
Barry Smith: And Scott, Barry here. I would say that Tina Blasi, who has been the CEO of our RBM business for years at this point in time is just an exceptional leader both in terms of delivering the quality of care. The MLR has been managed to our customers benefit and high-quality of care and also has just exceptionally well connected to the marketplace. And so we have over the last many years has had great success in all segments of this business and we anticipate the same in next year as well.
Barry Smith: Yeah, I mean, at this point, this is an estimate we don’t have kind of formal notice of exactly when the contract may sent to but that is our working assumption and I wouldn’t project any major changes, I mean, that the contracting services were providing, we’ll continue to be as we’ve always done up until that point.
Barry Smith: Well, I would just generally save the world, this is a new area for us all and that the providers out there our sales included we’re all trying to figure out what it means and the rate of adoption it clearly the whole exchange movement is off to a bit first a slow start when it comes to both federal and state exchanges. But we do expecting to be material to us overtime. In terms of the again we can’t say we just haven’t seen yet this really roll out from a timing standpoint. Relative to the risk versus ASO one of the things that’s happening is that we are seeing a greater interest in this integration of behavioral health at physical medicine and so it’s not the same as in past years where would have simply – a simple carve out. What we are able to do we demonstrated in our own products with our Magellan complete care, we are able to do either ASO risk and be very effective. We are hopeful that on exchanges and with our clients particularly that will be able to more risk contracts to be able to provide them and more predictable path in terms with the cost structure and how were embedded in the products so we go to market directly. So, again we haven’t seen a real trend one where the other at this point.
Barry Smith: Well, I’ll start with the first question the purchase of stock was by key management executives at partners they have a real confidence in both their ability and our ability to work together and are very bullish about future so, they meet a big investment in Magellan and our collective success for the future. Now relative to their basic model they’ve been very focused on the TPA market that brokers or consultants and but moving upstream from the smaller accounts represented in their TPA book of business to larger employer accounts. We as we mentioned in the script have not had a strong presence with brokers or consultants which is really material and key towards success as we move into the middle market employer into larger employers so, their expertise in selling and messaging to the smaller and middle sized employer market is key. They are very – they have been very successful at high retention rate of their client base, very high levels of service and are very different kind of a model that’s far more transparent then the traditional PBM. They have been very profitable and we expect that to continue and they just –they again – they are very well connected in the TPA broker consultant community and so that’s a real ad for us here at Magellan.
Barry Smith: No, no, we really don’t it’s just a great model. I think the clients are so – are very satisfied because the level of service that also the economics for the clients are very strong as well so we would expect any difference going forward.
Barry Smith: Yeah, the Medicaid contract will come to an end as the managed care components going to play in Florida. We again did for eight counties there in Florida which represents the majority of the counties in Florida, the populated counties in Florida and so the revenues we feel we’ll grow quite substantially there and we’ll have complete management of both the physical medicine and health of these individuals. We really – since we don’t have the ramp yet for how the state will work with us on enrollment to what that process will be. It’s hard to forecast how one how effective the ramping up of our new contracts will affect the kind of the difference between the losing of that Medicaid contract and the ramp-up of the new business. I will say that the opportunity in the upside is significant much, much larger than the state (indiscernible) carve out contract. They’re not even close. So, we think it’s going to be a net incremental significant positive for us.
Barry Smith: Well, Carl, I’d answer two ways, one is that we have been – we would love to do partnerships and work with our existing clients wherever we can and we do that and will continue to do that. We are also going to be very selective and we’re going to talk to our clients about where we are going, but we’ve been very selective about where we go sort of we are indirect – typically indirect competition with our clients. Having said that, we also have a very specific focus as you pointed out to the SMI’s special needs population so while we might be in the same state as an existing client we aren’t going largely for the same – gives us clearly we are going at the subset to manage the most difficult of these release that they have. There is even a point that could be made that in states where we are going into where the clients – where we currently had clients they may well want us and typically what I would think to work with these difficult to manage medically and to the SMI population so that we can enhance their performance in those states so we haven’t seen the major complication. We are very sensitive to the issue and want to make sure that we work with our clients in a very cooperative fashion.
Josh Raskin – Barclays: Hi, thanks, good morning. first question on partners RX, when you – I’m just trying to figure out sort of the financial implications here, it sounds like you are obviously including it in the guidance for 2013 directionally you mentioned at the positive 2014, any sense of what the segment contribution would be and I heard the $0.20 of accretion, but I don’t know sort of the DNA numbers that go into that. I’m just curious what the contribution to second profit is a 4Q and in what the expectations next year.
Josh Raskin – Barclays: That’s like somewhere in the ballpark to $6 million bucks. Is that attenuating you paid a $100 million for $6 million of income is that way we should think about it.
Josh Raskin – Barclays: Okay and then just the next question is in terms of the actual quarter, Jon, I guess a lot of moving parts in terms of one timers is there sort of a net, net number in terms of sort of total out of period and/or one-timers like severance and things like that.
Josh Raskin – Barclays: $3 million favorable, and then last question, you mentioned the 100,000 lives of in terms of potential in Florida and said that your goal would be at least 20% penetration. What are the other 80,000 people go? Is that plans that aren’t SMI targets where they just going to tough to find and not necessarily (indiscernible).
Josh Raskin – Barclays: It’s conceivable they would start auto assigning or something like the plan that meet the needs right now down.
Michael Baker – Raymond James: Yeah, thanks a lot, I was looking interested in some color around you, thoughts on the private exchange obviously focusing on self funded employers. So, it gives us a sense of your thoughts around the phase of change that you would anticipate and which whether or not there would be a change in funding option. In other words if you are seeing them up to move from sort of risk some thoughts around that first.
Michael Baker – Raymond James: And then in terms of the partners RX, can you give us a sense of what their model has been up to-date, I believe there has been an affiliation component to it or an equity piece and then it sounds like there was the restricted stock purchase was that primarily just management or did you also target some key customers around that dynamic.
Michael Baker – Raymond James: And then just finally it sounds like they have had historically high retention as you look to 2014 don’t anticipate any meaningful change there.
