Bill Scheffel: Sure. I think the main thing that’s happened is in the third quarter we continued to see a high level of retroactive assignment of members and so we had unfavorable development in the third quarter, which we had to accrue for from almost inception to date. Even in September we continued to see members assigned to us from November of 2011. So what we did in calculating the premium deficiency reserve, we utilized the HBR calculation that we’ve experienced through the life of the program to date, factoring out development from month or quarter to quarter, then that HBR is actually slightly higher in our PDR calculation for now through the end of June 2013. We know there’s certain changes in the program that are occurring, and we included those in there, but overall we believe that the $0.69 that we’ve accrued for in our premium deficiency reserve reflects our best estimate of what the costs will be between now and July 5.Peter Costa – Wells Fargo Securities:  Then just a follow-up to that, if I subtract the one-time items in this quarter away from your full year GAAP guidance, your new GAAP guidance is on the lower side of the range that you gave before, which from your conversation sounds like the thing that under performed here is Kentucky, and that Texas and the Celtic business both improved a little bit. So why aren’t we seeing a better improvement than in the fourth quarter, given that you now have the premium deficiency charge than where we would have otherwise been based on your full-year guidance? Part of it I guess would be explained by the $0.04 of costs from the exit costs from Kentucky. Then can you talk about those exit costs? Will they carry into next year? Just go through that for me a little bit; help me with the math.
Bill Scheffel: Sure. Let me see if I can cover all of that. First I’ll start with the exit costs, in our 10-Q that was filed this morning there was a discussion of exit costs that will be incurred between October 1 and all of 2013. These, primarily, relate to severance and retention accruals and lease-termination costs. Those costs are not included in the premium deficiency reserve calculation; rather they’re expended in the period for which they occur. So severance would generally be expensed in the period that you make those promises, which we would say is the fourth quarter of 2012, and retention bonuses would be expensed over the service period, which would be between now and end of June, July, whenever people stay through. So that goes – and the least costs can’t be expensed until you – through using the facility that’s available for others. So those costs we’ve estimated I think $5 million to $7 million will be incurred between now and the end of 2013. About half of that would be included in Q4. With respect to business expansion costs, I think we said $0.12 to $0.15 in Q4, a lot of that for Kansas, and that compares with $0.07 in Q3. So it’s quite a bit higher in Q4. I think you’re right in the basic premise that Kentucky’s performed worse than we included in our prior assumptions in our guidance numbers. And we’ve picked that up in our PDR calculation. I think that the $0.70 to $0.80 range for Q4 adjusted for the business expansion costs and the exit costs, really any differential on that is the Kentucky operations.Peter Costa – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. Although the business expansion you had given previous guidance of that being $0.20 to $0.22, I think, in the second half of the year. You’re a little bit below that overall, I guess, because New Hampshire has been pushed out a little bit, but it seems like that would have actually helped you in the fourth quarter.
Bill Scheffel: We have estimates for legal costs in our numbers, yes.Peter Costa – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. Thank you.
Bill Scheffel: I think maybe the simplest way to explain that is you’re correct; in 2012 we reduced our performance-based compensation. We still have stock comp expense in there for RSUs and things like that that have been granted and they’re not performance-based. But for 2013 we would estimate 50 basis points of costs for performance-based compensation and we anticipate including those costs in our guidance that we will provide in December when we’re making that presentation in New York.
Bill Scheffel: In my comments I said we incurred about $0.07 in Q3 for startup costs and we’d talked I think at the end of the second quarter about $0.20 to $0.22 for the second half and so we’re seeing $0.12 to $0.15 in Q4, and most of that is for Kansas, which will start up January 1. There’s a smaller level for New Hampshire which starts later in 2013 and then 2013 we would expect to continue to have business expansion costs from the Ohio expansion and duals going on in addition to whatever else comes out. So we will include a good estimate for business expansion costs for 2013 when we prepare our budget.
Bill Scheffel: I think with respect to Kentucky, we are committed to maintain the required capital levels in Kentucky through our exit, which would be July of 2013. There’ll be some runoff that has to occur for several months. Typically, we’ve had this experience in a couple of states, we will get our statutory capital back at the end of the period when we’ve paid down most of the claims and worked with a particular department of insurance for purposes of paying back dividends. I think with respect to our overall capital needs, as we said, right now we are maintaining a 350% RBC level. In the rest of our book of business we forecast out our requirements based on the large growth that we’ve had, and we continue to believe that we have available to us through both earnings and our credit lines sufficient capital to meet our requirements in the near term.
Bill Scheffel: I think most, if not all of the differential is related to Kentucky. I think as we were preparing our calculations for the second half of 2012 when we made our presentation in June there was an assumption that what was going to be happening in Kentucky during the course of the year. There would be certain improvements. We were going to get a rate increase July 1. And so I think the basic issue is you’re probably overestimating how much we had in the fourth quarter for the Kentucky loss. So, when you added $0.20 back to $0.70 I don’t know that that was a good starting point for a run rate.
Bill Scheffel: Yes. I think that’s a reasonable assumption. And I think from our calculations that would for the most part cover Kentucky. It may not cover the exit costs, which we talked about being $0.04 in Q4. But for the rest of the operations the reversal of the premium deficiency reserve in Q4 should cover the estimated operating loss in Kentucky.
Bill Scheffel: Well, the DCP number that we provided excluded the impact of the expense and the reserve for the PDR. And so I don’t know that that number would change drastically. It goes up a day or down a day in any quarter. So I wouldn’t expect to be any significant change from Kentucky being in there until next summer, if that causes any impact in the overall DCP numbers. So I would expect it to stay in the same levels we are, which is the low 40s.
Bill Scheffel: I think it’s both. The Kentucky is in the overall number, because there’s quite a bit of SSI in there. I think Hidalgo is also, increase is the overall number compared to what we have in other states. So those two items probably account for most of the differential.
Bill Scheffel: I don’t think we have insight at this point in time in terms of any real changes in the membership numbers as the result of open enrollment. In our premium deficiency reserve calculations, we did not assume that there would be a significant decrease in membership between now and the end of June. Anything is possible, but our calculations did not take that into account.
Bill Scheffel: The premium, we have premium deficiency reserves for statutory purposes in several of our plans from time to time. We’ve never really talked about what a statutory PDR calculation or what that implies, because there’s a number of things that go into that that wash out in the consolidation. So we look at it always from a GAAP standpoint, and that’s what we disclose on. So if we have a premium deficiency reserve for GAAP purposes, we would disclose that. This is really I think the first time we’ve had a GAAP premium deficiency reserve, which was for Kentucky, and we discussed this I do believe at the end of the second quarter. We looked at that for purposes, and at that point we presumed over the life of the contract we would still break even. Obviously the results in the third quarter worsened and it didn’t appear that there was going to be any improvement, and we’ve taken the actions that we have taken, and as a result of that, we did our calculations again in the third quarter and recorded the amounts that we did at this time.
Bill Scheffel: That would be for all markets. Some of that’s for Kentucky. A lot of it would be for Texas, where given the significant growth in Texas as we increase our trailing 12 months revenue that statutory requirement goes up every quarter.
Bill Scheffel: Well, at this time we don’t project out what our borrowings will be from quarter to quarter. We do believe we’ll have a significant level of earnings in Q4 and that we would be able to have availability on the revolver to fund the differential there.
Bill Scheffel: I think, Brian, that the – you said, second quarter, I don’t know if you meant third quarter.Brian Wright – Monnes Crespi & Hardt:  Sorry, yeah, I meant third. Sorry about that.
Bill Scheffel: Yeah. I think third and fourth quarter are comparable in many respects when you adjust for just a few items.Brian Wright – Monnes Crespi & Hardt:  Okay. Thank you.
Bill Scheffel: Yeah, and I think in general we’re just trying to show that, with respect to Hidalgo, it started March 1, we’ve had quite a few months to try to work on the utilization levels, and then we also picked up new membership in August and September, we got a rate increase in September. So, all those things considered, we still operate in the mid-90s and our team is working very hard there to try to continue to bring down the utilization levels in that service area, which is still much higher than they are in the rest of the state and is – will continue to be a work in progress probably for several quarters.
Bill Scheffel: It is a similar issue that all three MCOs have to deal with in the State of Georgia in terms of how the state processes membership, retroactive membership deletions, primarily from what they consider to be duplications, and there’s – it takes a while for them to process these. We make accruals for these on a regular basis every month. From time to time there’s a true-up that might occur, which is particularly what happened in 2011, and then there’s some adjustments in terms of how that impacts actuarial soundness and rates. And so, during the quarter there was – Georgia made some adjustments and we, in those amounts, and we reflected that in the quarter.Scott Green – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay.
Bill Scheffel: No, I mean it’s – we try to reserve for the expected costs for each individual population and this population will continue to be looking at to determine what we think the – once we get rates and expected HBR is and we’ll try to conservatively accrue that and normally we’ll try to build margin up in the first six months of operations of a new area or segment of a population. I’m sure that will be the case in Ohio.
Michael Neidorff: Chris, I’d like to talk more about it, but as I included in my script, we have now filed suit yesterday in the Circuit Court in Franklin County, and on that basis, it’s policy, practice and wise to make no further comments.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we have several matrix that we look at, and various compensation is evaluated with different programs, long term, short term. Your short term is very much based on the EPS. The elements of long term are, one of them that we’ll be using more and more in the future is total share holder return compared to a peer group that will be identified in our next proxy statement. So there’s a series of measures we use for different aspects of it. So in the case of the stock, it’s very much EPS. In the case of short-term, there’s an EPS and margin aspect to it and then long-term is total share holder return, the arrow tip.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah, just a further guidance issue, you can go back to our discussion of compensation in the last proxy, half of the stock awarded is performance-based and that has been forfeited as a result of the outcome of Q2 in the year for the senior officers. As it should be. I mean, nobody’s – the previous year was a good year. We did well this year, has been a difficult year for various reasons and we don’t change the rules. They are what they are.
Michael Neidorff: I think relative to the previous comments made, you all can get to the year end run rates. Bill’s made it pretty clear what the guidance is and that’s what everybody based their last call on, so I’m not going to change that any. And relative to the growth, that is a subject for December 14th, and I’m not going to speculate ahead of that. That’s the purpose of that particular meeting.
Michael Neidorff: Well, we gave the insight into membership, which is consistent. And the MLR we always booked at a higher level in the 90s, as we’ve talked about historically for the first two, three quarters of new business. So we’ve been consistent with that. So nothing’s changed there.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah, I will – I’ll make only one comment. We believe in good, open discussions. The states we operate in already pardons and works with us. I think you take Texas or any of them; they’re good examples of how when there’re issues we sit down at the table and are able to resolve it, not just for us, but for the industry. So that’s why they have sustainable programs. And clearly when this was unfolding we had solid communications with our current states and those that we’ll be entering. And we’ve already won contracts next year. So that has been received. They understand it and they continue to work effectively with us. They see it as purely a Kentucky issue.
Michael Neidorff: No. I mean I – I mean it’s – we have no trouble discussing it. We – it’s very clear. Anybody can get a copy of the complaints we’ve filed yesterday and understand what the issues are. So I think I have no trouble with that. It’s very clear what’s occurred there. And we had hoped that the state would’ve sat down with us and resolve it as every other state we’ve ever worked with has done. But beyond that I don’t want to get into it, Josh, because of the litigation.
Michael Neidorff: We give a lot more transparency than of course, Ohio, the duals were already in that state so that’s important, but I think once again, Sarah, the time to talk about that in more detail is on the 14th.
Michael Neidorff: I think it’s positive. We like it when the state is in – when states recognize in our rate and go to either the given point in time and they work with us on when the effective date should be, that way they’re – it gets off to a good start.
Michael Neidorff: I think as I said, I really don’t want to talk about it, because of the court case. I’m not going to preclude one way or the other something without going through the steps that are laid out in court. I’m not going to give somewhere or presume something’s not there. It’s not an appropriate discussion. I wish I could talk more about it, but that case is filed.
Michael Neidorff: Yeah. I think you look out over the next few quarters and I think you’ll – there are other RFPs coming up. So based on what is known today, it’s different near term, that’s fine. That’s a quarter or two. As we add new business, then we look at it, and we look at our debt capacity, because we obviously prefer debt, and we’ll continue to work with that basis in cash flow from our operations, which have thrown off decent cash. So I think to get beyond that, we may have more clarity in December. I would hope we have several RFPs pending, so all that will influence us. So trying to speculate beyond that gets precarious and can mislead.
Michael Neidorff: We’ve had our Washington office has had multiple conversations, both sides of the isles, both houses. They understand the issue. I think there’s a lot of issues. If the ACA stands, the outcome of the election, and you’re not getting a lot of people committing one way or the other, but they clearly understand it. There’s a large group that have signed onto the necessary modifications. But we can talk more about it when we get through the election in Q1 of next year, because I think no matter what happens, both sides will agree that if ACA stands, there’s a lot of changes that need to be made to it to get it sustainable.
Michael Neidorff: I think what’s also important, Carl, is right up until the point in time that we announced the PDR, we were in discussions with the state on some changes to the program that had they agreed to would have completely turned around the way things are done, not just for us, but for everybody to get that sustainable program. So as a result, there were some things we thought were particularly ourselves, but typically so – once we saw that those were going nowhere we very quickly calculated the PDR and got it out.
Michael Neidorff: With some cushion remaining. It’s not a case of running the debt to the maximum. So, we still are in a – we’ll be in a strong balance sheet position at the end of the year, is our forecast.
Michael Neidorff: We still have a very strong team there. We continue to meet with the state on issues, when and if we identify them there. They’re very interested in ensuring that the program continues to work and that they recognize the need for the companies to be successful in doing it, to have programs. So I see no issues there. I think we said in our script that we anticipate it continue to normalize going into 2013.David Windley – Jefferies & Company:  Okay. Thank you.
Michael Neidorff: We’d much rather do it on a quarterly basis where we look at the prior period evolved maybe on a quarterly basis. So I think, Bill, it would be misleading trying to give one month.
Michael Neidorff: Recognize that we took on, what, 9,000 lives in August and September of high intensity and we’re managing it down to that level. That’s important.Scott Green – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think keep it somewhat limited. We’ll get what data we can and we’ll do it through our predictive models. We’ll use our system capability to examine what needs to be done and we’ll work with the state and see what information we can get on the history of these people, and just ensure that there’s a solid – the medical management people work on a solid transition plan and ensure that they gain the benefits they should for Managed Care. The state’s working very closely with us on that.
Michael Neidorff: We thank everyone and we look forward to the December 14th guidance and the year-end call in February. Thank you so much. Have a good day, everybody.
