Bill Scheffel: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. Our first quarter results are consistent with the growth rate we have experienced over the last several years. Membership increased 44% year-over-year, an increase of almost 1.4 million members, and our premium and service revenues increased 42% year-over-year totaling $4.8 billion. The revenue increase between years of $1.4 billion is a result of a full quarter’s impact this year from expansions and new programs in 2014 in a number of our states, particularly Florida, Illinois, and Ohio. We increased our full risk membership in Louisiana this quarter as the new contract began, which eliminated the shared savings program and we converted 200,000 of these members to the at-risk program. In the first quarter, we also began serving additional members in Indiana for the Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 program and we began covering nursing facility benefits in Texas.  Service revenue increased 64% year-over-year primarily from our carrier health specialty pharmacy business. During the quarter, we received an agreement in California for the full reimbursement of the health insurer fee on a grossed up basis for income taxes. We now have agreements going forward in all of our states for reimbursement of the health insurer fee. The consolidated health benefits ratio this quarter was 89.8%, an increase of 50 basis points over both last year’s first quarter and the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase year-over-year is primarily due to the increase in higher acuity membership, which carries a higher health benefits ratio and a lower G&A ratio and higher flu cost this year, when compared to our relatively mild season last year. The increase from the fourth quarter is primarily seasonal as the first quarter is typically our highest HBR quarter. In the first quarter, approximately 23% of our revenues were from new business compared to 20% in the first quarter of 2014. The HBR for new business was 91.0%, compared to 89.5% from existing business. Our general and administrative expense ratio was 8.5% this quarter, compared to 8.8% in Q1 of 2014 and 8.2% in Q4 of 2014. The 30 basis point decrease year-over-year reflects additional scale this year and the incurrence of acquisition transaction cost for U.S. medical management in Q1 of last year. Business expansion cost, excluding the acquisition transaction cost totaled $0.06 this year, compared to $0.03 from last year’s first quarter. Investment income was $9 million for Q1 and interest expense was $10 million. During the first quarter, we issued $200 million of additional 4.75% senior notes and simultaneously entered into $200 million of interest rate swap agreements, which have an interest rate of 2.88%, plus the three-month LIBOR. The effective income tax rate was 49.2% in Q1, compared to 51.5% last year. The relatively higher tax rates are due to the non-deductibility of the health insurance fee. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.52 this year, compared to $0.29 last year. Last year’s number included a $0.11 impact from the health insurance fee and transaction cost. Diluted shares outstanding were 122.6 million shares for this year, compared to 118.7 million shares in Q1 last year. Cash, investments and restricted deposits totaled $3 billion at March 31, including $97 million held by unregulated entities. For risk based capital, we continue to maintain capital in the excess of 350% of the authorized control level, excluding any interim statutory impact related to the health insurance fee. Our medical claims liability was almost $2 billion at March 31, and represented 45.5 days in claims payable. Our total debt was $1.1 billion at quarter-end, including $125 million of borrowings under our revolving credit agreement. Our debt-to-capital ratio, excluding our $69 million non-recourse mortgage note was 36.6%, compared to 31.7% at year-end. Cash flow from operations was $45 million, which was 0.7 times net earnings. This is a lower level than we have been running, primarily as a result of one-state changing the timing of their payment to us. This resulted in our receiving only two monthly capitation payments during the quarter. Going forward we will receive three payments each quarter. Our 2015 guidance numbers have been updated to reflect our first quarter performance. For the full year 2015, we expect premium and service revenues of $20.5 billion to $21 billion, diluted earnings per share $2.60 to $2.72, consolidated health benefits ratio of 89.2% to 89.6%, G&A expense ratio 8.0% to 8.4%, effective income tax rate of 48% to 50%, and diluted shares outstanding of 123 million to 124 million shares. As has been our policy, our guidance numbers do not include any impact from acquisitions, which have not yet closed. Lastly, our business expansion costs are estimated to be between $0.22 to $0.25 per share for this year. This concludes my remarks and operator you may now open the line for questions. 
Bill Scheffel: I think our guidance increases generally reflecting the impact of several of the outstanding RFPs we had at the end of the year were the reprocurements. Those were all now baked into our guidance, Arizona, Missouri, and the Texas Foster Care and a few other changes that we’ve had an update from that point in time. So, I’ll let Jesse speak to the open RFP.
Bill Scheffel: So, Georgia would not really impact 2015, I think that’s a July 2016 effective date. So I think that with respect to the remainder of the year, we are not anticipating any changes in terms of particular wins or losses in our guidance numbers.
Bill Scheffel: We’ve not anticipated in the guidance numbers any significant change in the MMA program for 2015. We’ve included in our guidance and where we are right now, and so we will wait and see how that progresses during the course of the year. 
Bill Scheffel: We didn’t put specific dollars in there. I think that from our perspective we really have, last year the 13, 14 season was a relatively mild season. We anticipated in our guidance that we would have a more average flu season and I think what we probably had was slightly above average, but within our range of expectations and estimates that we had for flu during the course of this current year. So, I think from our standpoint we don’t really want to quantify specific numbers, others say was within our range of expectations. 
Bill Scheffel: I think the one thing that I would mention is, on the Medicaid expansion business, in many of the states it started out with relatively high rates, but it had a minimum HBR. So what’s happened and we had to accrue for the minimum, so to the extent that they reduced rates, it also reduced the amount that we have to pay back to the states for the minimum. So I don’t think overall it’s going to have much of an impact on our overall rate increase number because we were already accruing for that payback.
Bill Scheffel: Sure. I think that with respect to 2014, we did finish out better probably than we anticipated we do. And based on the information that we have and our estimations on risk adjustment for example, we estimate there will be a payer and we will have to pay back in, same thing on the risk corridor. And there is a footnote in our 10-Q on the amounts that we have as receivables and payables for December 31 and March 31, and so you can look there for additional detail. And so, we think that in 2015, it’s early to have any solid predictions for the year, but right now, based on our current estimates, we’re assuming we will be in a similar position on risk adjustment given we have a similar membership and the characteristics of the membership that we’ve added in the states of the same.
Bill Scheffel: Sure. I think for the first quarter, our G&A rate was 8.5% and our guidance for the whole year is 8.0% to 8.4%. So I think typically what happens in the first quarter, we are making our normal estimates for the whole year i.e. one fourth of the estimate [ph] for lot of items. In the fourth quarter, those accrued up to actual when you get to the end of the year. So I think we are probably a little more conservative in the first quarter on the G&A, then we might – which will play out during the course of the year. And I think that we’ve also got additional revenues coming on during the course of the year. The membership for example in Louisiana was only there for two months in the first quarter as opposed to the whole quarter. And so that will have an impact – slight impact to the rest of the year also.
Bill Scheffel: I think there is a lot of different things that go into that in terms of additions in other types of business that we have, so that the mix can be an important element of that. But generally, when we peal back some of the nonrecurring items, let’s say, we are seeing a definite improvement in our G&A ratio and reduction as we gain leverage with the additional revenue growth.
Bill Scheffel: I would say that there is, you know mix comes into play in the growth that we have in some of those areas like we added in Louisiana, several hundred thousand members and so we’re relatively conservative in the initial estimates for a new block of business and so that continues. Nothing I would say of any great consequence that there is true-ups in the fourth quarter sometimes, but the MMA business in Florida is still running a little higher than what the original actuarial targeted rate would be that the State set that causes some increase.
Bill Scheffel: And none of that is baked into 2015, we are not – we’re considering flat rates for the year in our guidance calculations.
Bill Scheffel: I think we’ve seen the market expand over the last several years as indicated by our revenue growth. So we are a key participant in that. And so I would not expect our business expansion cost to go down. I would expect they would continue to go up and that’s what drives us a large revenue increase. So I would say more the same.
Bill Scheffel: I think the plans in Texas are to pay that in the second quarter and so everything is on target for that I believe.
Bill Scheffel: MMA is in both because we had some pretty – we already had existing business Medicaid, TANF business in Florida market before they expanded to the whole state. I think our increase year-over-year in our HBR is really driven, we said earlier, by the mix. We continue to have higher acuity membership, which drives that. And then when you are comparing first quarter this year to first quarter last year, last year was a relatively mild flu season. This year, we said it was a more normal average or slightly above average season, but it was within our expectations and guidance forecast. So, nothing unusual on that regard and typical first quarter has the higher – seasonally it’s the highest HBR quarter for us.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, we are still below in our plans forecast and our approach to it. So it’s continuing to be below 2%.
Michael Neidorff: If we go after the new state assembly, we never included those. It’s one rewarded and we don’t comment on until the state announces that particular [indiscernible]. 
Michael Neidorff: We talk about it, but as was the case last year, our guidance and budgeting includes the formulary as it is today. And if we affect any changes, we can reflect that, but as it is conservative and appropriate to not plan on one at this time.
Michael Neidorff: Typically the first quarter is our highest cost quarter and so we have seen that year-after-year, so…
Michael Neidorff: I think that the first year obviously has been running higher. We think this is going to run closer to our longer term expectations by the time you get into the second year, but the complex care products are rated generally at a higher HBR up unto the low 90s in most cases. So, we would expect that we would have that normal progression. We give you our health benefits ratio guidance of 89.2% to 89.6%, we feel that’s a good number for the whole year on a blended basis without trying to break that into a complex care and everything else. But we do expect as we’ve added more complex care. So we will start rolling over into be existing business, but it won’t have a dramatic impact in our overall HBR other than what we show in our guidance. 
Michael Neidorff: Yeah, I think we have to be recognizing that this ongoing discussions with a lot of states is probably prudent to not get too specific on any one state to indicate what our expectations are.
Michael Neidorff: Well, as we’ve said many times, we don’t comment on litigation, so it continues to wind its way through the various courts. And as promised, it’s going to take some time.
Michael Neidorff: [indiscernible] footnote. All these numbers are included, so there is no impact on the recorded earnings.
Michael Neidorff: I think, we expect minimum [indiscernible] is actively engaged on those regulations and working through it and we are comfortable that the regulations that will come out as best we can estimate it to this point in time will be consistent with our expectations and guidance.
Michael Neidorff: I mean there is no underlying major increase in trend. We added 200,000 in Louisiana and that’s – we always built as you know new membership at a higher MMR for the first few quarters. 
Michael Neidorff: I think that the reason that it is up in the first quarter is we had I think about $188 million of capital contributions into our subs in the first quarter. So that’s a higher proportion in the first quarter than the whole, I think the whole year is around 550. So we put more than the proportion, you know the one-fourth of it in the first quarter for a number of reasons and so as a result it’s a little higher now, we expect it to trend downward for the rest of calendar year and I think as we say, have been doing some of the acquisitions we’ve been doing we include equity as a meaningful part of the consideration, one way or the other and I think we have still as a practice that we want to continue to follow. So, I think we are comfortable with where we are in the debt-to-cap ratio in the mid-30s. We expect to continue to be there, given the interest rates that make sense to be there and so that’s our plan. 
Michael Neidorff: I think we said, we are looking to be in the 2% to 3%, but above the 3% over time from operations. And that additional upside beyond that would be a function of interest income. 
Michael Neidorff: We may get some from it while we are blooming through the operation side, improving operations margins, but that 2% to 3% should be from operations.
Michael Neidorff: A lot of it’s going to be a size of the particular deal that we do. And so, its – there is many factors as we get larger, obviously, we expect more of if we can absorb [ph] it. We are also looking at other capabilities, other deals that maybe larger some point in time.
Michael Neidorff: We thank you for joining us. We look forward to seeing you June 12 in New York for our Investor Day and take care.
Jesse Hunter: Yeah, Josh, I would speak to just – as it relates to the cycle, there were number of RFPs that are in process right now. Once those come to their natural conclusion and we will reflect those in our results accordingly.
Jesse Hunter: We’re optimistic that this – we’ve had a long history in Florida. They’ve been a good partner to work with. As Rone indicated, Long Term Care was resolved last year particularly in the fourth quarter and we would expect in 2015 to have similar changes impacting the MMA program.
Jesse Hunter: So, thanks for the question. Obviously, we are excited about the momentum on the correctional space with our fifth contract. And one of the things that we’ve looked at from the beginning is, in the context of our – broadening our offerings for our state customers, I think Mississippi is a good example of that where we already have a strong presence in that market. But there are – I think the reason we are going after these opportunities, there is a number of states that either have correctional programs that are coming up for bid or these services are changing or states on current departments of corrections that are moving in that general direction. So we are seeing what, I would call, a strong momentum in that area. That’s a subset of the pipeline that is, I’d say, quite active at this point and we are fortunate to be successful in that. To your other question, these are going to be relatively smaller. It’s not going to be the same size as, say, our health plan contracts by example. But we do think that there are some of the pricing dynamics that we talk more generally about our 3% to 5% pre-tax margin objectives. We’ve had reason to believe in our initial experience that we can achieve that in the correctional space as well.
Jesse Hunter: It takes a couple of things. In the fourth quarter, we received some additional revenue in Florida on Long Term Care and a few other things which sort of raised the PMPM number in the fourth quarter. And in Q1, we also added a large membership in Louisiana for two months, which ends up showing a lower PMPM when you do that calculation. So there is nothing unusual in there.
Jesse Hunter: No, I think that’s – we’ve certainly been preparing for reprocurement in Georgia for a long time. We are strong believers in our performance. We are doing everything we can to retain that contract and put ourselves into position that if the programs do expand, we will be able to participate in that.
Jesse Hunter: I would say the answer is yes, that’s part of our job. Our job obviously is to create some of these opportunities that we have visibility before we can communicate those things more broadly, both for you and for competitors and others. So, I think we’re – I would say we continue to be very active on that front and optimistic that we will maintain momentum to create opportunities in new markets and additional opportunities in our existing markets.
