Barry Smith: Hi, Josh. First on the M&A, the boosted guidance that we just announced, actually doesn’t have anything to do with M&A, because actually if you look back at the two acquisitions we did this year we had previously adjusted guidance first in February and then in July for those acquisitions. So, this is unrelated to that. So, that’s one piece of it. In terms of your second question – I am sorry, can you restate your second question please. So I make sure I have it.
Barry Smith: Yes, Josh, the vast majority was prior quarters. So it was in here. There was a very small piece that was prior year, but the vast majority is in here.
Barry Smith: Yes. I mean, first, to answer your question, it is mainly Florida. We have seen some improvement in our New York business as well, but Florida is obviously larger, the larger piece of that. So, in addition to the rates I mentioned we are seeing a good improvement as I mentioned both in inpatient and emergency room visits and those were things that we had been working on for some time. So, it really is sort of the continued progress that we are making there, which again should position us well as we go into next year. So, those are really the key items. Now, there was a piece of the prior period development that we spoke about that was related to Florida as well. Well, it was probably about 50% of the prior period development again primarily in here.
Barry Smith: Yes, Dave, Barry here. Again, great to have you on this morning, particularly this morning after the election, these are obviously very interesting and critical times. It seems like with every election there are always some pretty significant changes to business generally. And of course, this has more impact in healthcare than usual. Now, both of the Presidential candidates promised significant changes to Obamacare and oversight of pharmaceutical pricing. President Elect Trump has about to repeal Obamacare and it also supports expanding tax credits to encourage health savings again. So, we think it will have an impact clearly in our business here. Now, we don’t have any details of his proposals and the process by which they will be enacted, but we will hopefully know more in the coming weeks and months here. We have an very expanded government relations team that will be very connected to the next administration. So, we think that we will have good line of sight as to what will happen. We can also say that even prior to the ACA we had direct-to-states contracts, which were very strong relationships. We did very well in that environment. And so we have always done a lot of public sector business and we are very successful at it. The reality is and it’s our view and feel that the skills that we have as a company dealing with these complex populations will not go away. These are the most costly and complex individuals that healthcare deals with. And we think that our unique set of capabilities will allow us to increase the quality of care, but also reduce cost. And so we don’t think that – you don’t quite know of what the impact will be over time, but we do think that we will do quite well in the future irrespective of the changes that might come down the path.
Barry Smith: Yes. So in terms of Florida, we didn’t give a specific margin. We don’t generally talk about margins at the customer level, but I didn’t say is we are now expecting the MLR for the full year to be in the mid-80s, which is typical to what we target for mature account of this type. And obviously, every plan is different, but in that range. Relative to Virginia, right now again, we are really in the process of both negotiating and trying to fully understand the program going forward, including how membership is going to be assigned, if we are successful in finalizing the contract, etcetera. So right now again, we will give more details in a couple of weeks, but right now, we do have a range built-in for our plan is we are finalizing it for next year in terms of investment, but it is a range and we will be finalizing that as we complete the negotiations and hopefully successfully.
Barry Smith: Well, let me – thanks so much Michael for the good question. Medical pharmacy just for everybody’s benefit is the part of benefit typically specialty, which passes through the medical claims system and benefit rather than through the pharmacy benefit. We have expanded our business quite dramatically over the last several years. And today, I want to say we cover 13 million lives or so under medical pharmacy benefit business. And we are the largest of our kind than anybody in the country. So we have unique and long experience in this space. It is most important because as you know the cost – the escalation particularly of pharmacy across the board, but particularly with specialty with the new introductions is focused in this space of medical pharmacy benefit. So while and certainly the Mercer relationship helps us, it actually is a great tailwind across all of our business segments in pharmacy, because customers realize the need to manage much more thoughtfully the quality and cost of care for the special benefit. For health plans this is a particularly important area, because so much of their HEDIS and Star scores are based upon the quality of care and a large part of that is based upon this tightly manage to the high quality way that care for our specialty pharmacy. So we think that the Mercer relationship is positive. It will – can either help us particularly important market, but the medical pharmacy capability really spreads across all segments.
Barry Smith: Really, it’s more of a flow and the relationship, it continues to build. So we would expect to see increased volume over time. It’s producing well for us today. And we continue to see it be a real opportunity for us in terms of pipeline for the future. So I just think it’s another distribution channel for our services and we think its Mercer’s recognition of the kind of a high quality unique approach we take with the Magellan RX. It’s again very much more clinically oriented and sophisticated rather than just simply a discount. And so we think it will have great impact. We haven’t given any guidance and we expect to see the relationship to continue to expand and the pipeline opportunities to expand with Mercer.
Barry Smith: Yes. Chris, we actually talked about that in July for the second quarter. So there was no impact in the current quarter. We had recognized in round numbers, it was $2 million in the second quarter. And again, that had been previously accrued and announced.
Barry Smith: Yes. Number one, as we announced that contract, it had significant top line impact, but really the bottom line wasn’t material. And so it was we always – we never like to lose business that’s for sure. But we also, as we announced today, retained specialty and other relationships with the same account. So it was a more of a relationship and the industry issue, where the MCO had another partnership that prevailed in terms of the contracts they had. It wasn’t anything to do with the performance or service or anything of the like. We are very well thought of by both the industry and that particular client. So again, we never like to lose any dollar revenue and we certainly want to maintain the relationship with our clients. In this particular case, we are. And so we view that as very positive.
Barry Smith: Yes. Chris, it’s very early. So obviously, in the first quarter of operations I would say things are going very well. In terms of revenue, we are on track. And again to-date, we are pleased and it’s performing at or better than expected.
Barry Smith: It’s a very interesting question, Ana. Clearly, the need is there in virtually all of the states. We have these complex populations, the SMI population, the intellectually and developmentally disabled population, the ABD population, so all states really have the issue. The issue becomes then how do they approach it. Some states like Florida have carved it out and have awarded to us. We think that’s a smart approach because we are specialists. And again, if you had cancer, you would go to an oncologist, because the oncologist is a specialist, not a general practitioner. While the general Medicaid and health plans are good quality providers, again they don’t necessarily have the same tool set – toolkit that we have to address then needs of these individuals. And so Florida for us did a complete carve-out SMI plan. And various states are deploying they care for this population in different ways. What seems to be happening, we talked a little bit about in the script today is the long-term support services or managed long-term care services, much like our plan in New York with AlphaCare. Virginia is just segmenting the population in the [indiscernible] development we don’t know precisely how that will ultimately develop. But most states are coming out with managed long-term care in one form or another, where they give complete responsibility for integrating care for those that otherwise would likely be in an institutional setting, but by providing this care and having contrary with guys like us, we are able to stay in their homes which they prefer to do, which is the lowest cost option. So we see states developing these kinds of plans. We think that’s likely the trend for the future. We have mentioned during our call today that there is a – during the additional comments here that there is $50 billion market in the space for these kinds of programs. They are all a little bit different, but they are very similar and that they focus with those individual – on those with individuals with complex needs. And so we think that’s how it’s going to play out.
Barry Smith: Well, certainly the states go through a process and there is certain oversight and regulatory, there is a rule set that drives those rates which are to be actuarially sound. And so hopefully that will continue to be so. We typically end up not negotiating the rates that are presented to us. We examine them and look at – look to see if we can live with those rates. If we can, we then contract with the state. They provide the data, we analyze the data and we go through a very thoughtful process with the states. And the states also understand that they can’t create a plan that is not actuarially sound, because you are not going to have longer term relationships and care for those individuals in their states. And so there is a good – I think there is a positive feeling between states and providers like ourselves to come up with rates that we can live with, that allow for a sustainable program long-term. In terms of our competitive edge or stance in these markets, it really depends on the circumstances. In the case of, for example, Iowa, there was a very aggressive managed care factor that was applied to those rates in the State of Iowa and the state decided to go more go to generalists and then just simply have them handle the issues of these complex populations and that’s certainly one approach. But more and more we see states being more interested longer term and solutions, which involved guys like us that have unique capabilities to manage these populations and demonstration of our skills from the past and our behavioral health systems and our pharmacy capabilities that allow us we take a leg up on the competition. We do think it will be kind of a bimodal approach, you will see flavors of both. But given our size and the opportunity and our unique expertise, remember that we are the only SMI specialty plan in the country. And so as we apply the states, particularly with acquisitions like TMG, it gives us unique capabilities to address the needs of the long-term support services market. So, we think that we are quite well positioned. We are going to demonstrate. We said in the past that we would be in between 5 and 7 states within 5 years. Will it take us a year or two longer? Who knows. But we are on track to do precisely, but we said we were going to do several years ago and feel very good about our progress.
Barry Smith: Absolutely, absolutely. Probably, one of the top consultants on long-term support services in the country having had a direct relationship with the state of Wisconsin, but also their expertise and their guidance was embedded in a large number of the proposals to states nationally. So, they are the experts and we are very fortunate to have them be part of the Magellan family. They bring us a lot of expertise and hence the importance of an acquisition. And I might just add relative to our thoughts about M&A, we don’t just acquire entities to rollup revenue and accountability. We acquire entities to give us capabilities that turbo-charge our organic growth and TMG is a good example of that. They have unique capabilities. They are recognized nationally is an expert in the field and their experience combined with our capabilities makes for a very important competitor in the marketplace.
Barry Smith: Well, we are certainly not completely insulated, but we are very, very different than the high volume PBMs that rely upon more commoditized services. It’s really more in their business model it’s a matter of volume. The volume is important. So I don’t discount that whatsoever. But we have really focused our capabilities on really having high clinical content, being smart not just about applying discount. Now, we can get down to discounts and they compete with almost the best of them nationally, but most importantly, it’s not what you buy the drug at, that really differentiates. It’s the guidance of utilization being clinically smart about when that medication should be used and taking down the waste and increasing the quality of care through making sure that the utilization is appropriate, that could be not more true when it comes to specialty drugs, for example, that as you know incredibly expensive on a monthly basis. When you use that drug, how you use that and how efficacious it is means everything. A fraction of a point in a drug discount means relatively little. With the kinds of things we do really move market share for manufacturers who have drugs that work, we take great pride and be able to guide our clients in a more clinically sophisticated way.
Barry Smith: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you later this month when we provide details of our 2017 guidance. Good day.
