Sarah London: Yes, good morning. Thanks, A. J. It's a great question. So relative to redeterminations, we've, over the last couple of weeks of states have been approaching the April 1 start date. We've gotten a lot of good information. Some of it is from them finalizing their implementation plans. And as we noted, some of those have shifted in the final hours as they contemplate sort of the scope of this work. And some of it is states who have actually given us data files that allow us to update our models more formally. We have used that to refresh a really comprehensive multivariate model that we have across 31 states that takes into account all of the different dimensions that Drew talked about and allows us to project where membership shifts may happen and where acuity shifts may disconnect and then how all of that plays out over time, with things like the risk quarters with things like rate mechanisms, rate calendars and then really an overarching view of what is the agenda of the state and are there other things going on like procurement and things like that. And so as a result of that, what we're really trying to do is build in a little bit more conservatism in 2024, where we see the potential in some states for a temporary disconnect between rate and acuity. And again, we see this as temporary. In the long term, rate has always equaled acuity in Medicaid. But it allows our local teams to have the flexibility to navigate not just the redeterminations process but those conversations with the states in a way that really prioritizes our customer relationship because of how critical we know those relationships are to our long-term success in Medicaid. So that's really sort of the driving factor behind additional conservatism in 2024. And then to your question about how the tactical rollout is going. The answer really depends state-b-state. There's obviously official notification in every state that goes out from the state to the members who they need to take through the redetermination process and then time lines in terms of those members being able to respond. CMS has done a really nice job of making sure states are following the guidelines in terms of multiple outreaches to members and the time lines in order to ensure that we don't have folks dropping through the cracks because of process. And then we have lined up, as I mentioned, those sort of multichannel communication plans as well as activating local providers and our broker networks where we're allowed to so that we have direct conversations either with members either through their providers where they can get more information or in those states where we can direct educate and outreach to members who are qualified for exchange products. We actually have marketing campaigns specifically around that. And finally, your point about sort of the speed with which members are being responsive. Again, I think it's going to depend. But one of the dynamics that we're seeing in Marketplace special enrollment period and actually overall Marketplace growth is a result of combined awareness and affordability that has come from investments in broker marketing as well as, obviously, the enhanced APTCs, and so we think that particular, the broker community is really well-mobilized against moving those members over to marketplace as quickly as possible.
Sarah London: And then on the Stars piece, I do want to be clear that we're obviously not taking our eye off the goal of maximizing 4-Star membership, but the previous target of 60% in 4 Star or three cycles is really no longer relevant for two reasons. One is our adjusted 2024 bid strategy and the intentional decision to double down on our core membership, which is inherently more complex from a quality standpoint. And then the second is change the rules. And so introducing the Health Equity Index adjustment, which we are very supportive of, will actually help account the management of that complexity over time. But we need to make sure that we invest in the short-term around the health equity program in those contracts where that's going to matter in order to have that lift take those contracts to 4 Star in the long term. And so in some ways, we're sort of slowing down speed up and the near-term objective of getting more of those contracts into 3.5 Star is really based primarily on operational execution and some of the investments that we talked about around not just HEDIS but also the customer experience, which will influence caps. But let me let Jim Murray talk a little bit more because he is watching this day to day.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Nathan, for the question. So in some ways, I think, to your question in terms of rate and pace, of revenue growth, it's not dissimilar to how we're thinking about the rate and pace of Stars, which is going a little bit slower in the short term in order to ramp up in the long-term. And so as we looked at all of the moving parts relative to the starts headwind we have in 2024. And obviously, the work we're doing to sort of rebuild the business given the decentralization of the WellCare operations in 2021 and 2022 AEP bid strategy as well as the rates from CMS, we looked at 2024 as an opportunity to kind of do a hard reset on that membership and that to create a pretty solid foundation for us to grow earnings off of -- over the long-term. And obviously, the shorter-term view of that would be more around margin and then driving membership growth in the long-term as we start to feather in the tailwind from Stars. And again, the revenue from getting to 3.5% and then that health equity adjustment and then normal course program investments that we'll get more of those contracts and that membership up into 4 Stars. And then relative to investments, let me talk about some of the investments that are more specific to Medicare. But again, they really do fit into the broader category of investments around customer experience, quality and then sort of underlying infrastructure, particularly around data. The idea of -- Jim talked about leveraging an own distribution channel to maximize the acquisition and onboarding experience for our members making sure that we have the right provider enablement tools so that we can expand and optimize our value-based relationships and then increasing our self-service tools for members as well as the quality investments around HEDIS and Health Equity. We think those are there's going to be some upfront investment, obviously, to set up those capabilities, but I think will also layer into the overall P&L for Medicare. But because each one of those investments is high impact in terms of driving long-term value of customer, driving down the cost to manage a member that we ultimately think that they won't have an impact on long-term margins, long-term target margins in Medicare.
Sarah London: Good morning, Sarah, thanks for the question. We are still assuming about 200,000 to 300,000 members in that catcher's mitt opportunity. And as we've rerun all of the assumptions across that multivariate model I mentioned, that hasn't really changed. And again, it's really a result of the waterfall and assumptions about where those members go with large chunks of those members going to employer sponsored insurance or into the coverage gap. But I'll let Drew talk a little bit more about what we're building into our assumptions in terms of the acuity impact of those numbers.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks for the question. And totally appreciated. When we think about the long-term, and I'll roll back to even in the beginning value creation plan, we had a lot of confidence that there was more earnings power in this organization than we were delivering back to shareholders then. I think that confidence a year ago had only grown. The difference between then and now, I think, is a really more complete understanding of what it's going to take to fully unlock that value and so we still have total confidence in that 12% to 15% long-term CAGR. I think our view is that we need to make some of these short-term both explicit and implicit investments in our business in order to make sure that we are set up with the most strength against that long-term algorithm. And as Drew said, we see the $6.60 or greater than $6.60 floor as the right jump-off point for that 12% to 15% adjusted EPS in the long-term.
Sarah London: Yes. Let me -- I'll hit the state files conversation and turn over to Drew. So we have -- as I mentioned, we're in all but five of our states. We either have received files or we have a process in place. The files that we've gotten have certainly been tilted towards the states that are already underway with their process or where their start dates are more imminent. And this actually rolls back to a conversation that we've had over the last year and half in this forum about how we were preparing for this process and the idea that as we got data, our ability to drop that into our model and then extrapolate from that where there were common themes. And whether we were seeing in those files, say, or in lever analysis that was in line with the macro analysis we did without the benefit of the actual files. And so getting those file is, obviously, helpful in order to give us a view of those specific states, but we've also been seeing trends in those files, again, largely in line with our expectations but that has allowed us to update our extrapolations in the larger model. So that's a long-winded way of saying that we feel like the data that we've received so far is what has allowed us to update our view and conservatism in 2024. But then we also think that it has given us a pretty solid view of 2024 and what will come in from other states. Now obviously, we need to some of that, but there's been enough consistency to give us the confidence to share what we did today. And then I'll turn it over to Drew on IBNR.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Lance. Great question. I was hoping you would ask that. Let me talk through sort of the core buckets of investment, and then I'll hand it over to Drew to delineate the bridge a little bit more precisely. So as we've gone through the transformation work, the value creation work, particularly the platform consolidation work that we launched last quarter and then, obviously, the sort of updated analysis of product strategy, we see an opportunity in three main buckets for investments. And it's important to note, and I'll call out where some of them are specific to Medicare and other product lines, as you asked but it's important to note that part of the reasons we're making to make these investments now is because they will accrue to multiple lines of business. So these are really enterprise-wide synergistic investments. The first is under the umbrella of customer experience. And so this is where in Medicare thinking about own distribution channels, which actually can accrue over the long-term, we believe, to our Marketplace business as well, really a business becoming a sold business rather than one that is just purchased and influence brokers in a different way. Provider enablement tools, which again, will help with VBC expansion in Medicare, but also will support the VBC expansion work that we're doing in Medicaid and then those self-service tools which we see an opportunity across lines of business to sort of enhance our digital interaction with our members. The second major bucket is quality. And again, this is one where Stars is a piece of this, but the underlying components are really around HEDIS and HealthEquity, which are major components of the quality programs for all three lines of business. HEDIS is going to become an increasingly important part of Stars based on the new CMS guidance as are the HealthEquity investments. HEDIS is a huge part of proving quality outcomes to our state partners for Medicaid, and it will put us ahead of the curve for what we see coming in marketplace from a QRS standpoint. And then the last piece is infrastructure. And so a piece of that is really fortifying those target systems. So as we've been thinking about the platform consolidation, what are those platforms that are going to be the targets and carry the scale of the organization in the back half of the decade and making sure that we fortify those for scale. And then, of course, my favorite topic, which is data and really accelerating the work that we're doing around data liquidity across the organization, our agility and ability to invest and use that data to power the business, but also to drive innovation. So those are sort of the three major investment buckets. And again, some of those accrue to the Medicare business, but they all accrue to multiple business lines, and then I'll turn it over to Drew to give you the bridge.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks, Cal. Let me hit the Star question. So if we -- as I said, we are assuming a downside scenario out of conservatism, partly because cap tends to be the longest pole in the tent to recover in Star. And so see minimal improvement year-over-year. The important thing to look at will be the progression into 3.5 stars of our membership because, again, that's as Drew talked about, where we get the economic benefit and the ability to continue to invest as we move through the progression. Again, we’ll look at the 3.5 star threshold and movement of membership across that threshold as the definition of success as we move through the next couple of years. But the 20/20/20 is not really a relevant post anymore because of those changes I described in the bid strategy, which is intentionally going to make the mix more complicated and shift the denominator and the fact that the CMS program rules really suggest different, more methodical approach contract by contract to the levers that we use to get to 4 star. And then I'll turn it over to Drew for the second part.
Sarah London: Thank you. I just want to close out by reiterating Drew's comments and my own that we don't take the change in the 2024 lightly, but it's not something that we would be doing if we didn't firmly believe that it was the right thing for Centene in the long-term. So I appreciate the great questions. Appreciate everyone joining us today and look forward to updating you as we continue to execute in 2023 and build momentum for 2024 in the long-term. Thanks so much.
Drew Asher: Good questions, Josh. The PDR, no, we expect to fully amortize that in 2024. It's a one-year contract for Medicare members, as you know. And so we don't expect that to bleed into 2025. And so if that number is 200, that's what we've built into our guidance for 2023. But we will refine that as we get the bids final, see the rollout of the annual enrollment period beginning in December, and that will dictate the specific amount that we record from accounting rules and then that would be reevaluated at the end of each quarter of 2024 and adjust it accordingly. So that's how the PDR would work mechanically. On statutory capital, it's a good question. We modified the management fees. We think we improved the management fee structure this year with more precision, and that has the result of trapping more capital into our regulated subs, which is why we expect to only do $1.5 billion share buyback this ear, which will be largely late in the year. We've got $300 million under our belt already. And then we expect that to step up to about $3 billion, which we mentioned on the last earnings call for 2024. So we've got a certain level we like to maintain, but we certainly don't need to have excess capital sitting in our subs. And we'll go after that through the dividend process back half of this year and into 2024. Our debt to EBITDA is right around three times. We're content with that. It will probably move up or down a little bit around that three times, but that's our target. We love the fact that we're investment grade now. And I think as we look at our debt stack over the next decade that will serve the company well.
Drew Asher: All right, a multi-three-part question there. On redeterminations, some of the mechanics on that. So when we went through that process, as Sarah described, of really looking at subpopulation by subpopulation, looking at the data that we had, what was shared by the state actuaries, you're triangulating a bunch of data points. And now we're starting to get data, which is great. We concluded that it would be prudent to have a provision of 50 basis points for the timing mismatch. And we do believe it's just -- it's merely a timing mismatch in 2024. And so as you heard on -- in my script, we're doing about 10 basis points better than we expected to for 2023. And we previously had 10 basis points of degradation built into our modeling. So we needed an additional 30. And so that's what's embedded. That's part of the driver of the $0.55 drop for 2024 earnings -- adjusted earnings target. The second question you had was on Medicare. I'll answer the financial question and then pass it to Sarah and Jim Murray here on more color on Medicare and Stars and whatnot. But yes, we expect to lose money despite the amortization of the $200 million into 2024. So we're looking at -- and we were able to look at a number of things, including how we were performing in 2023 as we're thinking about setting the bids and, obviously, getting the final rates was a pretty important factor in that equation. But yes, the Medicare business, we expect to lose more than that amortization of PDR.
Drew Asher: Well, states, they want a successful program, and they want payers such as Centene to deliver quality and savings, quite frankly, help them manage their budgets as well, especially with the complex populations. And so I wouldn't dug out going back in time, to get to the essence of your question, what was the HBR for both WellCare and Centene over an extended time period, meaning you don't sort of -- any year, you can have a little bit of a mismatch in trend and rate. But over an extended time, and let me just read you how consistent this has been. WellCare 2015, 89.8; 2016, 89.5; 2017, 88.8; 2018, 88.9. Centene, 2015, 89.5; 2016, 89.8, 2017, 89.3, 2018, 89.5, really consistent. And so we expect -- if we tick up into the, let's say, low 90s, we would expect to get that mismatch that we're building into guidance for 2024 sort of back into that high 89s. Obviously, mix of business will adjust that to some degree with complex populations having a little bit higher HBRs and lower SG&A. But we think that's the sweet spot, and that's what we expect to be able to achieve as we look out over the back half of the decade.
Drew Asher: Thanks, Scott. Trends look stable in the quarter. We look back to pre-COVID time periods largely back to normalized utilization. For instance, screenings are fully back or a little bit soft on cervical, but they changed the -- I think they changed the guidance on that in 2020. We keep on looking for signs of acuity increase and aren't finding any. Looking at the first few months after initial cancer diagnosis or the cost per cancer diagnosis, those are all in check, so pretty stable. Mean there's always watch items. Specialty pharmacy, obviously, is always a watch item. It has been for probably the last decade. We're watching behavioral health costs. They're up a little bit year-over-year with some substance abuse. And some of that's the waivers or the -- some of the prior auth rules that were curbs were put in during the COVID era. But really, really pretty stable trend as we look at the quarter. And a little bit positive, as I mentioned in my script in Medicare. Some of that was the flu was more heavily weighted Q4 versus Q1 and inpatient is slightly better, probably a Venn diagram with the flu, less inpatient flu, but as a whole is a little bit better than Q1 of last year.
Drew Asher: Yeah. So really pleased with the growth in the overall market. And as we've looked at data historically, as the market grows, the risk pool improves as well. I think the fortification of the enhanced APTCs, the Advanced Premium Tax Credits, was really helpful in solidifying this as sort of a market that's going to be strong for many years. So I think that's helped the risk pool. For us specifically, we're growing well beyond the market. Obviously, there was a couple of competitor exits. Those members got first in the free market, and we picked up a fair amount of those, but those came in at our pricing, our clinical programs, our network construct, our products as if they were new members sort of off the street. And then we're also gaining market share. So we expect actually to be in a pretty large payable position for risk adjustment, and we're accruing accordingly. And obviously, we will true that up once we get the first look of Wakely data in late June, early July. But pleased with some of the elements you look for. When you're growing a lot, you look for signals and through the data. The percentage of subsidized population is up, up 3% year-over-year to 95%. That's a good sign, we believe, for risk pools. And we can look at stairs versus levers. We had a 75% renewal rate into 2023. Those –the stayers are equaling the levers. So we're cautiously optimistic on that business and the risk pool for 2023. And as Sarah mentioned, we did layer in a couple of hundred thousand of redetermined members coming into the Marketplace later in the year. And so the member months aren't that significant of a driver. And we factored in some variance around that into our revenue guidance already.
Drew Asher: Yes, your math on the PDR is not wrong. And you're right, you've got to step over that as you go into 2025, and we've thought about that. But I'd think of it more as not that linear because we're making bid decisions strategically and deciding where to invest and where it will let go, certain pockets or PBPs, as I mentioned in the script. And so it's helpful to know and to have the meaningful outperformance in 2023 as yet another lever. So I wouldn't completely disconnect the PDR from us knowing that we're doing well in 2023. As you think about what 2024 would have been absent the PDR. And then I'll let Sarah sort of weigh in on the 12% to 15%.
Drew Asher: Yeah. On the balance sheet, liabilities are up a fair amount from year-end 12/31/22. The accounts payable and accrued expenses are up, but that's $1.3 billion of state pass-throughs. So our pass-throughs, the pure pass-throughs actually don't go through medical claims liability. They go through premium revenue and -- or sorry, premium tax revenue and premium tax expense sort of outside the IBNR process. So they don't really impact DCP Now there are state directed payments embedded within medical claims liability, and we define those terms in our press release and we've had for a while. But IBNR is $17.5 billion or medical claims liability up from $16.7 million. You saw the DCP relatively flat. So feel good about the consistency of our reserving process.
Drew Asher: Yeah. On the numbers, we've talked about the $200 million PDR. I know that hits 2023, so it's not part of the $0.55, but you really need to think about that as a conscious investment. We don't take lightly spending shareholder money, but we think it's the right investments, targeting the right members, thinking about the long-term attractiveness of the Medicare market, especially in the populations that we will emphasize going forward. And then getting to the $0.55, which is in 2024, 60% of that is the 30 basis points in Medicaid and the remaining 4%, about $150 million, plus or minus is the investments that Sarah just covered.
Drew Asher: Yeah. On earnings seasonality, we expect to be pushing about 65% of adjusted EPS for 2023 in the first half of the year, so maybe 35% or slightly under 35% for the back half of the year. That back half does include the fourth quarter assumption around the PDR. And I think you're also referring to HBR seasonality in Medicaid. Think of it as like a check mark. So we expect to be down a little bit in Q2 relative to the 90.0 and then rising in the back half of the year.
