Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, Josh. Happy to hit that at a high level and then have Ken weigh in as well. So as I mentioned in my remarks, our major focus in the selling season was on operational stability, and on the fundamental underpinnings, that would contribute to quality results because we continue to take long-term view in Medicare. And so in order to achieve those results, we started rebalancing our distribution channels with a bias towards more proprietary channels where we feel we could control the member experience better.  And so that was part of what impacted the softer results because, as you pointed out, we also had the competitive dynamics, investments from competition, not just in the market, but in those -- some of those channels that we deprioritized. But Ken, if you want to weigh in a little bit on benefits as well.
Sarah London: Yes. Thanks, A.J., for the question. So if we think about the members who are redetermining off, we do think that those numbers are probably carrying a slightly higher acuity, but then you have to balance that with a view that with the growth that we've seen in the Marketplace product. And if you look back to historic periods of growth of this magnitude, it tends to bring many more healthy members into the pool. So the net effect of those 2 dynamics, it's hard to say exactly where that equals out, but our Marketplace team is watching both of those cohorts pretty carefully and I think has obviously had visibility into the fact that redeterminations were going to factor into 2023 and took that into account in pricing.
Sarah London: Yes. On the Medicare side, we've said this coming into even this year is we try to design benefits in order to maximize stability as we move through '23 and '24. And I think we will continue to do our best to keep benefits as stable as possible, taking that long-term view that, that stable operations, optimizing for member experience, improving quality is the right thing to do, and weathering the '24 headwind may have an impact on margin as a result. But the goal would be to keep benefits as stable as possible. So we're not members, and we are focused on building those longer-term relationships, as Jim talked about.  Relative to your first question, the RADV rule is sort of in the final state. And so there, it's really about talking to our industry partners about how we feel about the impact of the as yet undefined methodology and what impact we think that may have and how comfortable we are with that. And then the 2024 rate notice is a regular cycle of conversations that we have with the agency in order to communicate what we believe the impact of the somewhat lackluster rates might be on the overall industry and the benefits to seniors.
Sarah London: One other thing I would add when we think about levers in 2024 is the breadth and depths of our value-based care relationships, which is something that I think we are -- we're already planning on, but have the runway to accelerate in 2023 in order to be in an even stronger position. And as many of you know that, that was -- we have a good set of relationships with a number of the sort of leading value-based care providers, but I think we have been not as aggressive in that in the past, and so in 2022 started to turn our focus there. Our organizing around that internally brought in some great talent to help accelerate. So that will be a focus in 2023 that I think will give us some benefit in 2024 and then obviously beyond that as well.
Sarah London: Maybe just to add a little bit of color on the process. To your point about sort of the methodical approach that we were expecting, with the certainty of the year-end bill, we started to get updated information obviously from each 1 of our states and are -- continue to be in regular contact with them. And I would say that in general, we are seeing that methodical approach hold with the vast majority of our states sitting in a 9- to 14-month bucket in terms of the time frame that they expect redetermine redeterminations to play out under, and some of them indicating that they won't start April 1, they'll start closer to summer time.  So as you think about sort of the start date shift, overall, nothing that suggests overall slope line will shift materially. And we are seeing continued positive momentum from our states and being open to and encouraging our support in outreach and communication education efforts to members. So in general, I feel like the industry is aligning and organizing around an approach that will minimize or seek to minimize member abrasion in the process and are allowing us to run alongside our state partners, all of which is positive from our perspective.
Sarah London: Yes. So relative to the redetermining members into Marketplace, we do -- again, as I said earlier, we do expect that on balance, they probably have slightly higher acuity. But at a minimum, pardon me, your point about the fact that we don't have them for the full year means that they turn to profitability as we move into 2024. And again, this is something that the team had visibility to throughout 2022 and coming into the year and baked into our guidance, and I think will be -- have the offset of our expectation that a number of those members who are coming into the pool will be healthier to offset that overall and are coming in with a 1/1 start date. So we have the full benefit of their 2023 risk adjustment.  And then relative to the 200,000 to 300,000, that continues to be our estimate that is baked into guidance. And a lot of that is of a belief that the vast majority of members who redetermine off will first go to the commercial book. And again, we just need to see how the data starts to play out and whether there are any adjustments to that as we see folks coming over on to the marketplace products.
Sarah London: Thanks, Rocco, and thanks, everyone, for your time this morning. Please reach out to Jen with any follow-up questions, and we look forward to talking to you throughout the rest of the quarter.
Andrew Asher: Yes, sure. Thanks, Justin. Yes, some of the tailwinds for 2024 that are sort of baked into our forecast, obviously, a really meaningful tailwind from the PBM RFP as sort of a stair-step benefit, as we've talked about, that commences 1/1/24. And we're well in the integration period and the transition period, working well with ESI and CVS as both good partners. So we expect to yield that benefit across our entire book of business.  Investment income continues to be strong. We expect that to continue into 2024 share buyback. You see our share count, as we disclosed in our Investor Day deck, ended the year lower than we had anticipated. So we're able to bake that into our 2023 guidance. And at these prices, we'll be buying. That's for sure.  Marketplace will be a few billion larger than we originally anticipated in 2024. And we like our margin position there, and we can probably make another step or we will make another step in 2024. And then as you mentioned, the overarching value-creation plan, including a lot of the work that Jim and a lot of other people around the company are executing on pulling levers, we expect momentum as we get into really the third year of that value-creation plan. So those are all the tailwinds. But as I mentioned, Medicare is going to be a pretty significant headwind given STARS as well as the lackluster and advanced notice.  You also asked about Medicaid. So as I think about Medicaid, and I know you've asked this a number of times, but now we're on the conference call, that's FD compliant, so I can answer some of those questions. So as we think about the progression going from 2022 to 2023, we ended the year at 89.6% in 2022. And we've got about 30 basis points of pressure built into 2023 up to the very high 89s. But as we dissect the 2022 actuals and we look at things that we had to fortify or are unlikely to recur. That's another 10 to 20 basis points of nonrecurring, call it, items embedded in the 2022 Medicaid HBR.  So we think that gives us adequate room for a little bit of pressure from redeterminations as we are working hard with our associations, with the actuaries that represent our associations, the actuaries that represent the states, our state regulators, departments, and really sort of warming them up for what may or may not be necessary. But to the extent that there is a risk pool shift, we expect action probably not as fast, but hopefully close to as fast as the action that was put in, in the other direction with acuity changes during the COVID era.  So we're prepared for that. We've had a lot of time to prepare. And this, the elongated process of redetermination and the sloping, will help us gather data and be able to manage that HBR in the high 89s.
Andrew Asher: Yes. Well, our target is at least $7.15 of EPS. The interplay between operating income and share buyback will sort of affect whether or not that 3.3% is the absolute number that we hit for 2024. But that is our North Star, and we're going to keep on pushing for that. And obviously, the divestitures, as we've talked about, have some impact on the denominator there in terms of both the margin and the dollars. But we're going to fight hard to deliver that, at least $7.15, even though we've got a pretty meaningful Medicare headwind in 2024.
Andrew Asher: No, you're right. We outperformed. That was probably the biggest contributor to our sort of overall slight outperformance on HBR, but commercial continues to be strong. And I'd chalk that up more to execution and the momentum that we've gained over the last, call it, 5 quarters in that Marketplace business, implementing clinical initiatives, the interplay with the value-creation office, not just for SG&A, but also for trend vendors and HBR initiatives that drive both quality and the affordability of health care. So those are some of the drivers that helped the commercial business, and we feel pretty good about that heading into 2023.  We do disclose that the roll-forward tables, I think one of them is in the press release, the rest will be in the 10-K, last year. So 2021 saw a higher favorable development of the 12/31/2020 reserves. That's understandable with sort of the chaos of practice patterns and claims patterns during the 2020 year of COVID, but still consistent reserve methodologies and a pretty strong showing of development during 2022 off of the 12/31/2021 reserves.
Andrew Asher: Yes. So it's a good question. The demographics of what's coming in looks very similar to -- and actually, the subsidy eligibility has gone up a little. So nothing really alarming in all the attributes we can look at what we know today. Obviously, the proof is going to be in the med cost. And you're right, in Marketplace, it's a zero-sum game concurrent risk adjustment process for 2023. So that's something we'll be watching.  There's also 2 less competitors out there. And so we thought about that as we not only booked our 2022 risk adjustment receivables, but also as we forecast into 2023, we'll get the first Wakely data in June this year, and we'll have to take a look at that. But we've thought about that as we forecasted and as we closed out 2022.
Andrew Asher: We're always looking for whether it's -- Jim and the team, the Medicare team are focused on SG&A. I think there's opportunity there. There's continuing maturity in trend vendors. So yes, we're going to look for any possible offset other than benefits. And as Sarah said, we'll try our best to keep stability for our members, but we do expect at least at this early point to shrink a little bit in 2024. But the swing is pretty meaningful, both in terms of STARS and the very disappointing advanced notice with rates. I mean, that advanced notice for us, call it, minus 1%, excluding STARS because we made our own bed in STARS, but we are expecting a positive low single digit. So it's a pretty meaningful swing. Every point is a couple of hundred million dollars on a $20 billion business.  So we've got to manage through that, and it will be a pretty sizable drop. I can't give you an exact number yet. We'll definitely give you that in 10 months after we've gone through the bids, we've got the final rates, and we've developed sort of that balance between margin degradation and stability in the product. But it will be tough. We'll power through it. And '25 and beyond will be margin expansion and growth as well ramp up over the next few cycles of STAR results. And it's good to hear, Jim conveyed to you guys, that we're already seeing some elements of optimism that we're going to be able to achieve that multiyear improvement that we're seeking.
Andrew Asher: Yes. So the composite rate that is embedded in our guidance as we -- as you properly pointed out we disclosed at Investor Day is 1.4%. So I guess, yes, compared to a meager 0.9%, that is a big jump, but it's still on an absolute basis, 1.4%. So think about that in context. But the reason why we are 0.9% relative to the 1.3% that we had baked into our 2022 guidance, Florida was a pretty big piece of that. We expect the recovery there this year as we demonstrate the need for rates. So that will be an ongoing process as we go through the rate cycles. Luckily, they're distributed across the year. They're not all stacked on 1/1, like the commercial business or the Medicare business. They do -- we have slugs that renew throughout the year, which will help with the sloping of redeterminations as well.
Andrew Asher: Yes. So as you've seen, we did quite a bit of buyback in 2022. And even as we were in the 70s in January, we were able to execute on a few hundred million more. That was largely driven by divestiture proceeds. So we're continuing the portfolio review process. So the timing of buyback associated with divestitures will vary based upon sort of that M&A process. But in the normal course, yes, we expect late in the year a few billion of share buyback. We're going to see what we can pull forward, but we also have improved the allocation process and therefore, the management fee process, and that will trap a little bit of cash in the first half, maybe the first 3 quarters of 2023. So that's why we are back-weighted.  As you look at our guidance for share buyback, we've sort of back weighted that share repurchase. So it won't have a meaningful impact on '23, but it will roll into '24. So we're going to do our best. We'll probably pay down a little bit of debt as well as we're -- if we sell off an asset that had EBITDA, we'll pay off some debt as well to manage that. And now when you actually -- you pay off debt, you get a benefit with the interest rates higher. So we're going to do our best to take advantage of where we're trading, but we also need to do that with a balanced view of the capital structure.
Andrew Asher: No. My bullishness is ESI and Centene working together to deliver what we anticipated when we inked the deal a couple of months ago or a month or so ago.  One more thing. Let me -- on share buyback, let me clarify something that I said earlier. I was answering a 2024 question. The $3 billion is our placeholder for 2024. The 2023 back half of the year share buyback is about $1.5 billion. And that's because we've got a little bit of trapped capital that we'll have to get out over the following year or so. So the $3 billion I mentioned is the forecast for 2024, absent any acquisitions.
