William N. Scheffel: In Texas, it's still going through the process for the rate approval, and so we expect that to be finalized in May. The amendment that was filed, really, was related to other items in the contract, nothing really to do with rates, and so there was no rate impact, no rate increase included in the first quarter from what is being considered today. We received the rate increase September 1, and that's been in there for fully -- for the fourth quarter and the first quarter.
William N. Scheffel: I think it's fair to say that our guidance numbers all along that we provided in December and February and today have all assumed certain rate adjustments in Texas, and that's proceeding consistent with the guidance that we've previously provided.
William N. Scheffel: Well, with Acaria, there's no results of operations for that until starting in the second quarter, right, beginning April 1, and that will be considered primarily service revenue, not premium revenue, when it is recorded. So the shares were not issued at March 31, were not outstanding and were not included in our numbers at March 31 or any of the reported results. They are included, the estimated impact of having those shares outstanding for 3 quarters of the year, in our guidance number for the use of shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per share.
William N. Scheffel: There are certain share activity that occurs primarily from the exercise of options or from the vesting of stock awards that occur, and so that's -- we don't have any unusual activity other than the stock award activity.
William N. Scheffel: Well, I think the primary changes you're going to see, beginning April 1, is the addition of Acaria, and so they will have a different level of G&A cost in that business than we have for the rest of our mix, so that's certainly one aspect that causes that. And then with respect to business expansion cost, I think we said we had $0.09 in Q1, but 58 to 65 in the rest of the year. So that will cause there to be a higher level of that in the remaining 3 quarters of the year. So I think those are the primary drivers of the increase in our G&A ratio for the whole year versus where we were for Q1.
William N. Scheffel: And closing cost for Acaria of $0.06 also get recorded in second quarter, which is the remainder of the year.
William N. Scheffel: We don't really try to do that on a quarter-by-quarter analysis in the current period. I think what we're saying is that the reserves were lower in terms of the amount of prior period development in March 31, 2012. But the actions that we're taking in the second quarter of 2012 seem to have taken effect so that we're already showing positive development on the June 30 numbers of over $40 million. So I think that issue related back to that period of time when we were just starting up in Texas and a few issues in Celtic, which hadn't risen to the surface, really, at that point either.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think that the Kentucky business has been in more than 12 months so it's in the existing business at this point. But Kentucky, because of the premium deficiency reserve amortization or whatever, it really has minimal impact on our overall numbers. I think as I said, we had about $41 million, I think, of premium deficiency reserve at 12/31 on our balance sheet to cover the remaining 6-month period. About $23 million of that was used in the first quarter, leaving $18 million for the second quarter. So that's all performing to our expectations at this point. With regard to an HBR run rate for our existing business, I think it has been -- there's always ups and downs in terms of seasonality, the level of flu that's included in there versus the new business. So I wouldn't say anything unusual there. I will say that Texas will move into the existing business column for the second quarter, and we're not anticipating to see a significant -- we're expecting to see a slight decline in our HBR in the second quarter, even with Texas moving into that bucket.
William N. Scheffel: That's part of it. Well, we have a large expansion in Texas, which was included in the new business until -- again, until the second quarter, but it's been in there for a full 12 months.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think Hidalgo was just one part of the overall Texas expansion and we did get a rate increase in Hidalgo in September 1. So I think as the state's gone through their rate analysis in Texas, there was virtually no rate change in the Rural Service Area on September 1. That's what's currently being considered. Much of what has been in the new bill is for the Rural Service Area. So I think that in the fourth quarter, just on our overall HBR versus the first quarter, we said we added, I think, around $10 million of additional premium deficiency reserve for Kentucky in the fourth quarter, which we didn't do in the first quarter, so that causes some of the decline from quarter-to-quarter.
William N. Scheffel: I think the primary item that's new is the Acaria revenue for 3 quarters of the year, and then we're making estimates with respect to the start dates in the membership levels and premium levels for some of the newer business coming on in the second half of the year, including in Ohio and in California, and so -- and the Florida long-term care, which will start in August, I think it is. But we'll come in region by region for over a period of, I think, 8 or 9 months. So I think that it's our normal estimate -- estimation process of what we think those numbers will be and membership levels will be, which is included in our revised revenue guidance that we've given.
William N. Scheffel: Well, we haven't really given a specific number at this point in time. The state's still working through their process. I mean, we have our own estimate as to what that's going to be, which is factored into our guidance numbers. But I think that until the process is completed, we don't have a rate amendment, for example, yet from the state. That won't occur until May. So we've done our own analysis on what they've been talking about, but until that point in time, I think, we're not quoting a specific percentage.
William N. Scheffel: Yes, I think what they're doing is looking at a particular fiscal year and then making a budget decision on paying additional rates for a certain period of time. i.e., the time of June, July and August to make payments, which apply to a greater period. But without any details of a rate amendment or anything, right now, we're just assuming that that's going to be part of the June, July and August revenue that we received.
William N. Scheffel: The state, obviously, will look at the rates for the entire state, and all the managed care organizations and in their process. We're one piece of that. We provide our input and work with their actuaries to give them the data that we're seeing from trends and everything to make sure that's taken into account, but it would really be the state, obviously, working through their normal process.
William N. Scheffel: I think that we incurred that across the country. Texas was our largest market, and the largest market where we saw flu. So I think that we haven't attempted, really, to split the flu out between the 2 that much [indiscernible] overall...
William N. Scheffel: I think it's fair to say there's a lot of discussions going on around the country with respect to rates for duals. So those conversations are starting obviously between CMS and their respective states and then extending into the plans in certain markets. So I think it's premature to kind of comment on those as it works through. But I think that our understanding and expectation is there will be a balanced discussion on rate adequacy amongst those 3 parties, CMS, the states and the plans.
William N. Scheffel: I think, obviously, it's going to depend on what -- we need to get more visibility on expectations, both in kind of the initial year and in the out years. But yes, I think everybody has an interest in achievable savings and a sustainable program.
William N. Scheffel: I think that we -- from a seasonality standpoint, Q2 is usually one of our better quarters. And so I think as we're looking at this -- our overall HBR that we're looking at for the remaining 3 quarters falls more into the guidance range that we have indicated, and that we'll obviously benefit from certain rate increases that we have assumed that will occur, starting in the second, third quarter in Texas, but overall, we do think it will be -- the remainder of the year will fall within the range.
William N. Scheffel: Right, we've been fortunate in our internally generated funds. It really covered most of the increase that we funded over the last 1.5 years or so in terms of the increase in revenues from 2012 of almost 60% and 25% or so, we're looking for this year. So we will put in over $1 billion in capital in that period, most of which we've put in $220 million, I think, in this first quarter already and the revolver balance is 0. So I think we've shown the ability to self-fund most of that, and we do have the revolver out there to fund the remaining. We did issue the $175 million in notes in the fourth quarter of last year, but that's really been the only issuance that we've had. We're very comfortable with our debt-to-cap ratio at this point in time, given the low-cost of debt, so we would expect to continue down that path.
William N. Scheffel: We did not get a rate increase in 2013 in Kentucky. Those were separate contract amendments for the other 2 plans, and we do not have a contract amendment.
William N. Scheffel: Sure, the remaining premium deficiency reserve at March 31 is about $18 million, which is consistent with our expectations that we had at the end of the year when we revised our numbers in 5 or 10-K. So that's proceeding according to plan at this point in time. The other question with respect to the new business, we -- it takes about 12 months of revenue to -- for that to run out before all of the capital that you need for a new area is -- needs to be fully deployed. So our current projections are, as we add this new business, particularly in the -- we added Kansas on January 1, and we'll add some other states in the second half of the year and programs, that gets factored in quarter-by-quarter, and our current projections certainly allow us to cover that through internally generated funds and the use of our revolver.
William N. Scheffel: Let me try to address that. I saw your note early. I think with regard to our income statement, if you're looking just at service revenue and cost of services, that's a fairly small number, $33 million in revenues for the quarter. And I think that the improvement in our margin with respect to services really comes from a number of our separate Specialty Companies, including Nurtur and Sympatico and OptiCare, and so I think it's actually a $3 million difference so I don't -- percentages are not necessarily indicative of the whole trend. In our segment, footnote in the 10-Q, when you look at earnings from operations divided by our revenues, I think we improved our margin from 4.4-something percent to 4.7% year-over-year. So I think that's more indicative of the additional volume that we've received from the membership gains over the year and increasing the revenue from the health plans where we serve those same customers at the specialty side.
William N. Scheffel: I think that the current run rate that we have shown, particularly in the segment footnote, is reasonable and appropriate for going forward.
William N. Scheffel: We don't give the specific ratios, but let's just say it's higher obviously, than our average of 8% or 9%.
William N. Scheffel: I think each market is different, and the 90% that we talked about in the past with regard to within reserves, the 90% in the first period of operations, probably it's closer to 92% today when you consider our re-class of medical management cost that we did a couple of years ago. Having said that, Kansas, in the first 6 months of operations, where we have some continuity of care provisions and have margin build, we're running in the high-90s.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I guess, what we said is we saw some improvement in trend, modest small improvement in Q1, but it's probably really prudent to not anticipate that continuing, and so we're going to stay pretty much with that guidance of $2.60 to $2.90, Josh, and let it play out another quarter or so.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think what I said, Peter, was that we gave in our press release the roll forward of the claims liability reserve as of March 31, 2012. At that point in time, the Texas expansion only had 1 month of results in there. And so what we've seen since that point in time is that the prior period development, let's say, excluding the retroactive claims in Kentucky, which kind of changes things a little bit, was only $14 million. Normally, we would see $40 million, $50 million that would occur a year later. So the positive development that we have is less than what we normally incur and see. And so -- but as you recall, in June of last year, we did record additional reserves for a number of things and pulled down our guidance for all of 2012. And what we're saying is when we now look at the hindsight analysis with respect to the reserves for June, September and December, they're all developing normally compared to our experience that we've historically seen, and the amount of positive development is in excess of $40 million for each of those 3 periods.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think, what's important in the technique gives you a good view of what occurred at that period of 12 months before in that quarter, and it said that we're adequately reserved, but we did not have the excess. It also shows that the action we took in the second quarter was appropriate, and it's built up and it's where it should be. So it's really just a way that we test ourselves, and you need to look at and say, "Yes, they were -- they continue to be adequately reserved historically, and it becomes a pretty good metric for you to take a look at in that regard."
Michael F. Neidorff: Let's recognize with litigation, there's nothing to be gained by saying what we'll do or not do. We will be in front of the judge. We'll see what he says. We'll see what he's reasoning, and we'll work on it from there, but to say we're going to do this and that before -- I think if I was a judge, I wouldn't want to hear somebody standing in front of my bench saying that.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I think we saw Florida is going to add a line for it. Other states recognize the actuarial soundness. There's been a lot of press, watching it elsewhere, that it's going to cost the government about $15 billion because it's going to have to come back in the rates, and then the states will be billing that back to the federal government again. So it becomes very circular, and we anticipate that the states understand that if it's not changed that there's going to be that cost to the state, and hence, to the federal government when they bill it back. The states then goes -- all of them have written letters to their delegations in Congress and elsewhere, stating their stand with this issue, and we'll just continue to let it play out. Those have been in commercial, and we'll -- well, we are still cautiously optimistic that it will be resolved. And I guess I'll characterize we've not seen where -- legislatively, people tend to do things way ahead of when they have to. That's not a snide remark. That's just a realistic look at what to expect. They rather do the things right now that they can.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, I just think, as Bill had said, we saw some slight declines in inpatients. We saw the premature birth rate decline, but we also have healthy start for new baby, a lot of programs that may be taking hold, and we -- but I can't say it's going to continue in that, but some outpatient services were down. It was -- there were a lot of bits and pieces across the entire market in the various states, and that's about as granular as it will be safe to give without misleading, but I think there's a trend there that yet has to prove itself in another quarter or 2.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think, anytime you're in that situation, even when you win, you always look back and say, "I could still have done even better." That's part of the mindset of the company. I mean, in rates, there are a lot of different factors. Arizona is clearly recognized for making a lot of changes, and you've seen them across even bigger changes than this. The fact that this went that direction, I could have found a lot of different little things and we're just -- we're doing that analysis. Our internal audit department has individuals who are charged with reviewing all our peer responses, and see where we could still further improve. So that's an ongoing process, Matt. .
Michael F. Neidorff: And I wouldn't want you to, through the call, thinking things have fully normalized in Hidalgo. I mean, we -- it's still a work in progress. And as we've said many times, it's a matter of doing things on a sustainable basis and balancing our efforts to manage to care in a quality cost effective way, and then work with the states where additional rates are still needed.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think what we said is, across the quarter, we saw some consistency in it. Now we had the flu cost in January. It was still high. Then we saw some mitigation of that as the quarter unfolded, and our experience tended to mirror the -- or follow that, what the CDC was seeing across the country. There's a lot of consistency there. Things like premature birth rates and that, that you get peaks and valleys in any quarter. So to say that versus other inpatient versus other outpatient services, it's hard to pinpoint and say if there was a fixed trend we're headed down and was continuing into April. That's why we're saying that that's the cause, not the cause, but the reason for some of the experience we're seeing in the HBR, but it's too early to say that, that will continue. And so therefore, we think it's prudent and appropriate to maintain the -- it's our expectation of our previous utilization levels.
Michael F. Neidorff: I want to be as helpful and as transparent as we can, but I would say, right now, our experience and how we look at it, going forward, keeps us about where we are in that range. And that if we see continued improvement or maintain a lower level in Q2 or Q3, that would be the time to talk to you about where in the range we would fall or tighten the range. As I think I said in my comments, it's just too early to declare that based on the Q1 data. Even though we're looking at some real-time data through our dashboard, it's still just a little bit early.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I think, really, we've said all along, our goal is to leverage our incremental volume and we maintained cost reduction programs on an ongoing basis. And as you're expanding and growing, that's the time to focus on what your expenses are, not just adding more and saying more of the same. So what we're really doing is we're -- we continue to have everybody focused. And just because we've always done something doesn't mean you should continue to, and we're using systems and other things to never sit where we're at across the plans, especially companies, everywhere you look.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, I mean, the exchange product is very different -- not very different, but the rate setting is different for the Medicaid versus the exchange, and Rone and his team has been -- with the help of Rob and others, are renegotiating effective rates for the book of business we're anticipating, which we told you was at the lower end of the spectrum. And so it's just a matter of working on it and dealing with it and working with the ACA rules and regulations, and figure out the size and what's an appropriate range. And I think with our actuaries, both internal and with our external actuaries, we'll be in business, very responsible. And of course, as we've always said, we want to always return to it's not how big you are, but we'd rather be a little smaller and profitable so we are willing to do that. But we believe we're well positioned. Rone's done a lot of work in the analysis work with everybody to get us where we need to be in the ranges.
Michael F. Neidorff: It's not wise to front-run anything, and future rates or rates people work on, that's doubly true. There's a whole process that goes through our actuaries, their actuaries. It's very constructive process in Texas. They want to ensure that it's adequate, and I think they know that we ask for what's really needed, and not trying to see how high we can push it, and we've demonstrated that to them over many years. And they've demonstrated to us that they're -- they've acted in a very responsible way over all the years, so that's why we have a good relationship down there. We have a lot of respect for the director of Medicaid and others down there who work hard to get it right, and it's not always the easiest political environment they have to work in, but they worry about the quality of care for the recipients and that those who are providing get adequately reimbursed.
Michael F. Neidorff: And the safest thing is they don't go through their process. They're responsible. They do a good job, and as quickly as we know and can responsibly report it, we'll try and let you know. We will be meeting again early June, which seems a long way off, but we all know it's really tomorrow. So hopefully -- I would hope and it's our hope that we have some resolution at that time.
Michael F. Neidorff: No, I think they all look to us for some real-time utilization information off our dashboard and other things, and to talk now today about what we're looking for in September, I think we need to let the other adjustments come and settle in, look at what that does to the total cost picture and revenue picture. And then as we get into the late July, August period, that's the time to be sitting down and getting very serious about what the data looks like because there will be enough in there to tell, to try and go now. I think with our real-time systems, we have an advantage so we don't have to take 3, 6 months old data and trend it as much as you would if you didn't have it. So I think we're in a position, the actuaries and ours, to use that real-time data to be more realistic at the time they set in the rates.
Michael F. Neidorff: And as we've said historically, the state works constructively, and I think the activity you've seen since last September continues to demonstrate that.
Michael F. Neidorff: And I think also, I would remind you, we have some practical experience with the hybrid product in 3 or 4 states so that we have understanding how some things -- kind of what works in that area. So I won't say anything more than that from a competitive standpoint.
Michael F. Neidorff: Let's not get ahead of ourselves. There's something [indiscernible] after the years we were doing this, in some things, there's no advantage to get ahead of yourself. But thank you for your questions, thanks.
Michael F. Neidorff: When you're working with states, it's very difficult to pinpoint it, and I think the approach we took in getting that information was really where it needs to be.
Michael F. Neidorff: Well, it's a combination of things. We've been using that as kind of a test market so to speak, and you're trying different things, which can move the membership up, down, as you try. I mean, the -- it would never be great, big significant membership. We knew that so it gave us that opportunity. And let's just say that in terms of what states, we're working through those, and when we file, it's going to be a subset loan of the current state. It won't be all 18, but there is a subset. And I think in some Investor Days, you've seen, we've talked about where the intensity and membership is, and the largest shares of market that would be there. Well, that's probably a good point to start, look at which states have the largest potential market and go from there.
Michael F. Neidorff: Yes, let me -- I think part of it is we know there's those states who've announced they're going to do it, and when we're in that market, so be it. We know that other states are still looking at innovative approaches. And the innovative approaches require CMS approval. But in some cases, we'll talk to the states on how our system do that, if that's what they want to do, but it's -- there's a lot of political and other business issues that states are dealing with that will determine which states do it, and when they do it, we'll be there if it's one of our states.
Michael F. Neidorff: I think that we are very capable of doing the Arkansas-type model. I think, if we're going to be in exchanges, we're going to be at the low end of exchanges, and that's really what you're talking about. That's something we -- will be a sweet spot for us.
Michael F. Neidorff: We really have not talked publicly beyond saying where we are in the course and the administrative reviews, Scott. It's just...
Michael F. Neidorff: I'll also remind you that we have said at several different occasions that acquisitions for stock would be a way of adding equity to the balance sheet. And Acaria is probably a good example where we started that, and obviously, any acquisition we do won't be for that purpose. It has to be something that strategically we want to move into, but that's another way to add the equity without being dilutive to earnings.
Michael F. Neidorff: I know. Let it settle down as our business falls in, and what we see now and where it is, as the revenue grows, will be different. So let's give it some time before we start to maybe jump into this, and I want to be careful. You can mislead by giving too much granularity too soon, and that's something I want to stay away from.
Michael F. Neidorff: I just want to thank you, all, for tuning in. And we look forward to talking at the Investor Day and at the end of Q2. Take care.
K. Rone Baldwin: Yes, as Michael mentioned, we do expect to be on the exchanges in a subset of the places where we have Health Plans today. And we're entering into contracts with hospitals in line with the kind of the expectations that we set in terms of reimbursement rates, and I don't think it's appropriate to go into a lot of details about the specifics of it, but we're pleased with where we're landing in line with our expectations in terms of the contracts.
K. Rone Baldwin: Well, again, I don't think it's appropriate to go into a lot of detail, but we're landing at what we think is good rates with respect to where we're ending up on reimbursement rates with -- and it's certainly not exactly at Medicaid rates, but I wouldn't say it's exactly commercial rates either. So I think we're pleased with where we're ending up.
K. Rone Baldwin: Well, I think as we have covered in the December Investor Day and introduced a little bit of our exchange strategy, we view this as an extension of our focus on uninsured people, particularly with the Medicaid base. So there are people that do churn out of Medicaid in terms of losing eligibility and then are looking for a private market solution. So there's a natural affinity in terms of our strategy for exchanges and the type of people that we've historically served and will come out and be looking for potential exchange solutions out of our Medicaid base. That's one lever. Certainly, network is a second one. We are building our network on the same set of providers that are providing people with care to our Medicaid members. So that is another way that basically, again, you tend to attract our target population with respect to things. We will be initiating certain marketing efforts and certain sales efforts that will again be built upon the types of people that have traditionally provided support and guidance to people that are looking for Medicaid solutions that will again be weighted more towards the lower end of the income continuum. And with respect to how we're looking at our product design, we're looking at a product that is going to provide a comfortable transition from what people have historically had their care through Medicaid in terms of not being used to copays, not being used -- or large copays, not being large, used to large deductibles and co-insurance levels. Again, try to offer a product that offers people a comfortable transition from that type of care or reimbursement to what will be offered on our exchange products. So through a series of those sort of levers, we feel that we are going to pull in and attract that lower income population that's eligible for subsidies on the exchanges.
Justin Lake: First question, I just wanted to get some clarity on Texas. Specifically, can you give us the level of those rates? I apologize if you mentioned it before and I missed it.
Justin Lake: Okay, and the retroactivity, how far retroactive are they going to go back? So when they come out...
Justin Lake: Okay. Then last question on Texas. Just the -- as you think ahead, I think you mentioned that their -- the typical rate cycle starts in September. So you're negotiating, not only this retroactive look back, but also the forward rates for September. Is there any -- is there an expectation that you're -- the more they give you early on or what they're giving you was fixed was going to lower...
