Sarah London: Sure, Stephen. Good morning, and thanks for the question. Yes, we still feel comfortable with how we’ve accounted for trend in the 2024 bids, and as you heard earlier, no change to 2024 Medicare guidance elements; but let me talk a little bit about what we saw throughout 2023 and underlying trends. Let’s talk macro first and then we can talk Q4. From in inpatient utilization standpoint, that was pretty consistent throughout 2023 - very little variation quarter over quarter. Where we did see a step up, as we pointed to multiple times throughout the back half of the year, was in Q2 in outpatient, and underneath that, the drivers were fairly consistent through the last three quarters of the year, so orthopedics with DME on either side of that, cardiac and cardiovascular as a subclinical category, so those were pretty consistent full year. What was incremental in Q4, obviously the biggest item was taking a $250 million PDR. We also saw a COVID step-up between Q3 and Q4 and then sequentially month-over-month in the quarter. We also saw in Medicare only, ILI step up late in Q4. Both of those have come back down, as we’re seeing in January run-out data. We some RSV vaccine utilization in Q4, partly a function of our continued efforts to get seniors in for their preventative services visits - you heard me talk about that in my prepared remarks. That was also part of intentional investments we made in quality in Q4 as we prepared and positioned for 2024, which as you know is that critical third year in our cycle and our effort to get to 85% of members and 3.5 stars by October of 2025, so those are really the elements of both full year ’23 and then in Q4, and again still feel comfortable with how we’ve accounted for overall trend in the ’24 bids and no change to ’24 guidance for Medicare.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks Kevin. Great question. On the marketplace front, it’s really just acknowledging that we’re very early in the year, and then I think you point out a really important point relative to the mechanics of the PDR and how that positioned us with the ability to look at full year trend in ’23. I’ll let Drew talk a little bit more about those mechanics.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks AJ. Let me talk a little bit about the dynamic we saw in Q4 and then how we feel as we sit here in early February. Full year HBR for Medicaid in ’23 was really a function of Q4, and what we saw in Q4 was some of that timing dynamic that we’ve called out since the beginning of redeterminations is a dynamic that we were fully expecting to be managing through, the timing of matching rates with acuity as the risk pool shifts. Q4 was a heavy member roll-off quarter, as we talked about, and later in the quarter we saw some acuity pressure in the portfolio ahead of those 1/1 rates that had been designed to address that acuity clicking in. We also had some of those retro rates also designed to address the acuity coming in late in the year, and like we said, we got some of those before year end but not all, so continue to work on those. That’s really what drove that lingering pressure in Q4. Then as we sit here today, we’ve got really solid visibility into the rate for our 2024 member month - it’s 63% of the book we’ve got visibility for. We’ve got those 1/1 rates now in place and they are in general coming in toward the higher end of that composite range that Drew mentioned at investor day of 2% to 2.5%, and then we’re still working on that handful of 2023 retro rates that would then come in, in ’24. If you take that all together, acknowledge it’s still early in the year, but that’s what makes us feel good about our 90.1 midpoint for the ’24 Medicaid HBR. Then to your point, as any of those timing dislocations shake out in ’24 and we continue to calibrate and match those up, then as we move into the roll-off of redeterminations in ’25 and beyond, that becomes a tailwind for the book overall.
Sarah London: Yes, thanks Lance for the question. As you pointed out, we’ve had some great positive momentum of late with New Hampshire, Arizona, North Carolina expansion, as well as Oklahoma, and that makes us feel good as we roll into what’s an active RFP season. We obviously have Florida in flight, and really proud of the sunshine team and the work they’re doing, as well as Georgia, and then Texas for later this year and 2025 go-live, so we continue to track that. We continue to have, I believe, the best BD team in the business, incredibly strong local teams that are being really thoughtful and incrementally forward looking in terms of, as we said at investor day, making sure that we’re competing on promises kept, not just promises made.  That, I think goes to the second part of your question, which is really what are we seeing in the market in terms of the investments we’ve made over the last two years around customer satisfaction and that local community partnership, and we’re really starting to see improvement in terms of partner satisfaction, provider relationships, as well as quality. If you look at our Medicaid quality scores year-over-year, you’re seeing really nice improvement there. Those have been things at the top of our list in terms of focus over the last two years, and I think starting to see those bear fruit, those are really important drivers as states think about who they want as partners relative to the managed Medicaid business. I would say the other major theme that we continue to hear and we continue to be focused on pretty organically, frankly, is health equity, and so the emergence of the 11/15 waivers and thinking about how to put dollars into things like housing, food, jobs, childcare that ultimately drive pretty significant healthcare outcomes, and that’s something that states are increasingly interested in partnering over. Again, it’s something that Centene has been naturally focused on as a by-product of being local in our approach and having the strengths of those longstanding incumbent relationships. I think really good improvement in the places that we’ve focused and really good core strength in the areas that are going to matter going forward. 
Sarah London: Thanks Cal for the question. As you’ve heard, the demographics for the population that came in during OEP for us were pretty consistent with our expectations, and the distribution of tiers between silver, gold and bronze, also pretty consistent. We still have the majority of our members in that silver tier, so the demographics have not shifted materially.  One of the things that I think is interesting - this may just be the data geek in me - but if you look at what we’re seeing, not just in our book but overall in the market, there are some interesting small shifts in the demographics overall that I think tell us a lot about what’s actually driving the underlying growth, above and beyond just what we know in terms of affordability and awareness from the enhanced [indiscernible] and the additional marketing dollars going into navigators and the broker channel. We’re seeing year-over-year-over-year, age coming down slightly, which I think supports our view that we’re seeing a younger pool, we’re seeing a healthier pool, and we’re seeing some of those gig workers coming in. We’re seeing the distribution in gender between male and female shift a little bit, so more men coming into the marketplace, which we see as a signal of digging deeper into that uninsured population, because women tend to move sooner out of that population. Then we’re also seeing the gold tier as an industry pick up a little bit, which we see as supporting our view that there’s small group migration coming into the market - obviously we’ve got anecdotal evidence around that, but that’s true in our book, that’s true in the overall industry, and again I think very consistent with what we think is driving 31% overall market growth, but pleased as well with the fact that within that growth, we were able to grow our market share within footprint. The relative to ICRA, obviously that’s still very much a nascent market. The Indiana pilot is very new. I’m happy to say that we sold our first customer in January, so good early proof point; but the goal there for us is really to test and learn and gather data, and we’re pretty confident that we’re going to be incrementally smarter about how that market is evolving as we go throughout the year.
Sarah London: Yes, I mean, I certainly prefer our narrative, and I think about it really specific to Centene, so I appreciate the need to try to harmonize what different companies are seeing, but we remain focused on what we’re seeing in our population, the idea that we saw some of this trend in Q2, that we accounted for it in our 2024 bids, we feel sufficiently--we had a second bite at the apple at the end of the year with the benefit of the full year’s visibility of utilization. The assumptions that we’ve made in 2024, how we feel about our ability to apply clinical initiatives, leverage our value-based relationships and manage through the trend that we’re seeing, that’s really our focus, less so worrying about what others are saying.
Sarah London: Yes, I would echo that and just say that a lot of great execution in the first two years, we’re going to realize that in 2024, but we haven’t stopped. You’ve heard us talk about building the pipeline for 2025 and beyond in terms of additional opportunities. Obviously our long term algorithm has 1% to 2% of margin expansion built in, and we do see additional opportunities to drive efficiency in the business as we standardize our workflows, the ability to then automate that with technology, so really pleased not just with the execution thus far and the discipline to get us here. We’re really thinking about how we do work going forward. We do see opportunity for continued efficiency in the future.
Sarah London: On that point, I would just note that we’re seeing increase year-over-year in retention of SEP members, which means that we’re poised to capture the benefit of that sophomore effect from that heavy growth we had in SEP last year, so that’s a really nice trend that we’ve been watching and seeing that retention grow year-over-year.
Sarah London: Great, thanks Rocco, and thanks everyone for your time and interest this morning. We look forward to providing updates as we move deeper into 2024.
Drew Asher: Yes, so the PDR that we booked in the fourth quarter, that’s for the 2024 calendar year, and so you evaluate--in Medicare, you evaluate it on an annual basis, so ’25 really doesn’t come into play there because we still have the opportunity to adapt our bids accordingly and obviously we don’t have a final rate notice yet, we just have the advance notice that we’ve got some work to do. On the PDR, think back to even Stephen’s question, we certainly get another bite at the apple of evaluating forward trend because we set the PDR, and the accounting rules are such, you’re setting the PDR based upon your forward view of how you think ’24 to play out, so that was--you know, any trend considerations that we had were embedded in that PDR we booked in the fourth quarter.
Drew Asher: Yes, let me try to parse that out. The line item of HCC model changes, which includes the risk score normalization that you pointed out, was about a point--in our evaluation of the advance notice, it was about a point worse than last year, and part of that is the normalization change and calculation in going to a regression model versus omission of a base period. That’s probably a deep as we’d want to go on an earnings call. But if you foot up all of the elements, it’s about a 1.3% on an absolute basis current as we stand today impact on rates. Now, that’s before risk score trend - obviously that would push it into the positive zone, and we’re going to push on some of the mechanics and then we will--you know, we’re in the position of not trying to grow Medicare Advantage, we’re trying to ultimately recover margin back half of the decade, and so we’ll just adjust the bids accordingly, and the products may be a little bit less attractive for seniors from an industry standpoint if we don’t make a lot of progress on the final rates.
Drew Asher: Yes, thanks Scott. As Sarah said, at a high level, inpatient was pretty steady throughout 2023, and you go a couple clicks below that, we looked at case mix, admits per thousand, obs per thousand, we didn’t see a Q4 uptick in inpatient. If you look at observation days, we saw no meaningful shift in observation days. We all know the two midnight rule doesn’t start until 1/1/24, but we’ve been on top of that, preparing for that, thinking through that as we formulated our forecasts for 2024, and we think we’ve got that captured.  Obviously the industry, we can still do medical necessity on that, but yes, we’ll be observing that two midnight rule beginning in January.
Drew Asher: All right, so let me take the first one first. Of the 1.3--of the minus 1.3%, our star rating change is minus-0.5, so absent that we’d be at minus-0.8, so it’s a little bit heavier than the industry as a whole, which I believe CMS was at minus-0.2, so hopefully that helps with the math there. On Medicare, Sarah said look, we’re looking hard at our outpatient trend, which we’re not happy with but it’s steady at that elevated level relative to May-June timeframe, and that’s sort of what we’d built into the forecast, so that would be a change year-over-year. Inpatient, we talked about that - I mean, no uptick, as we said earlier. Maybe one of the elements that may be a little bit unique with us is that as we see the year developing, and there’s a dial we have on quality spend and initiatives, and there’s a lot of quality initiatives that we’re going to do regardless of what our aggregate EPS result is, but we really stepped that up in Q4 and that triggered a heavier level of office visits, which is a good thing, getting our members in to see their physicians. It triggered RSV vaccines, which is a good thing, and we saw that coming through in December. As Sarah mentioned, we did have ILI. The only area of the business where ILI, an influenza-like illness, was heavier year-over-year was in Medicare, and obviously that’s transitory, it’s already come down in January, so those are the other elements that you should think about when evaluating Q4.  But we feel good about our forecasts. We had another bite at the apple on the PDR, Gary. If we thought trend was going to be $50 million higher than the $250 million next year, the PDR would have been $300 million and we would have reported $6.61, or something like that, so feel good about our forecasts. We’ve got work to do in Medicare to improve the macro, but we’re ready to tackle 2024.
Drew Asher: Yes, so good questions around the PDR. Look - we don’t love being in the PDR position, but--you know, we’ve got work to do on Medicare, but it did give us an opportunity to re-evaluate the ’24 forecast as we got into January and closed the December books. What will happen mechanically throughout 2024 is that PDR will largely be released--forecasted to be released in Q4, because of the mechanics of the seasonality of earnings in Medicare throughout the year, but every quarter, we re-evaluate the sufficiency of that PDR relative to the ’24 policy and calendar year, and if we have to tweak it, we will, but that would be within the confines of 2024. On SG&A, still plenty of opportunity ahead. I mentioned at investor day that we’ve got at least a couple hundred basis points more in Medicare we’ve got to go after over the next few years. On real estate, largely through that, probably some tweaks here and there but largely through, for instance, the charges around real estate, we’re through the bolus of that, and then we’ve got our slate of initiatives that we continue to tackle and plenty of efficiency opportunities.
Drew Asher: Yes, on your second question, it’s really neither of those. It’s sort of the accounting principal on the marginal loss, so it excludes things like marketing costs and certain investments, so think of it as the marginal loss that we’re pulling into the year in which we set the bids, so certainly it’s not booked--you know, it’s nowhere near target margins. We’ve got a lot of work to do to go from essentially a minus-3.5% expectation in 2024 to that 4% to 5% pre-tax zone as we look at later in the decade. Stars will probably two-thirds of that progression, and like I said, we still have SG&A and clinical initiatives. Isn’t it interesting we’re spending so much time on 12% of our revenue? $16 billion, an important lever, but we actually have some other pretty good businesses, like marketplace that you just asked about. The margin progression, we expect--you know, it’s a sophomore year in which we pick up the benefit of the SEP - special enrolment period, members that come in for a couple of reasons. One is they’re typically utilizing some degree of services and they get out of the way and become more normalized in the following calendar year, and then also the risk adjustment, the mechanics are punitive to some degree if you’re only picking up a partial year, and then when you get a full calendar year, you have sort of the numerator and denominator matching up, so we expect to benefit members if we continue to grow SEP, which that’s not baked into our guidance yet, we’re just at 4.3 million members. But if we continue to grow during 2024, that will be an expected tailwind for 2025.
Drew Asher: Yes, so you also have to remember, we’ve got PBM savings rolling into that, and we’ve targeted that at 20 basis points, so that’s sort of a nice lever that we’ve factored into getting down to the 90.1. Then as we think about a question from earlier, ’25, 2026, we would expect to get back into the high 89s on a same mix basis. From a risk corridor standpoint, while it’s imperfect in terms of a buffer, depending on where you have trend or rate pressure, we’re still at--we’re about $1.8 billion in payback for the 2023 year, so we’re still in a pretty heavy payback position for our Medicaid risk corridors and minimum MLRs. It’s not across every state, but it’s spread across a number of states, and that is something else to think through as we think about the future rate action and matching acuity with rates.
