Jeff Schwaneke: No. I think as Michael mentioned, they did extend the FMAP enhancement to 90 days. And I think the biggest point here is that we keep advocating with states that there's just a lot of variables to go on between now and the end of the year, right? You have the COVID costs, you have utilization, you have potential federal stimulus. And so, I would just say if you package all that up, it's very fluid at this moment.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Thanks Ralph. This is Jeff. I mean, again, as Michael mentioned, we're currently in active discussions with our states, and the starting point is rarely the ending point or ending result. And it just – it really isn't constructive for us to publicly discuss our individual state expectations or an aggregate number. That being said, we continue to believe that we're on a path in many states towards finding actuarially sound solutions to the budgetary strain. And we would like to also point out that at this point again, just a reminder of the federal – potential for federal stimulus. So I guess what I'd say is, we've included I think a reasonable assumption of rate adjustments from now to the end of this year. And that is the out of bounds I would say, that's what we're pushing to make sure it doesn't happen, is that we find rates that are actuarially sound and I think that's what Michael just talked about.
Jeff Schwaneke: Well, I'm not aware of any deadline. I think it's just more process-oriented than anything, just that it takes time to get the information to the government and obviously there could be some back and forth, if they have questions. So I don't think there's any hard and fast deadline. But sometimes that process just takes a while. And I guess what I would say is it's not like every state has come and said, oh, we need to make rate adjustments. There is a lot of states that we operate in that are just taking a wait-and-see approach.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So I guess what I would say is I think it's just going to depend on how this plays out the rest of this year on utilization and COVID costs. And so it's just a handful of states that are thinking about some risk-sharing mechanisms. A lot of our states already had risk-sharing mechanisms in place. And they're good with those. So I think there's just more to come.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yesterday where it was a fee schedule change effectively, so which is primarily neutral for us. But another way – another option that obviously states have.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Yes, Kevin. Thanks. It's on the Medicaid side. And I think what's interesting is it's just – it's sporadic. It's different by state. We saw good growth in Florida, but hardly any growth in California. And so I think what you're seeing is just the dynamics of the unemployment market. But in general, effectively the memberships coming in slower than we would have anticipated and really looking at historical crises, financial crises, and trying to align membership growth, with unemployment is not spot on at this time. So we effectively lowered the membership expectations and that's what the $0.5 billion is for.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Yes, Kevin. Thanks for the question. I think what I would say is we've kind of included COVID into one line item, right. So you're backing it out of all the product performance and then you're looking at, okay, absent COVID what does it look like. And I think that's what we would have expected for this year. Again in the exchange business we've talked about margins normalizing. And so I think that's in line with what we were thinking. But I would say, as far as the COVID impact, the way we looked at it as we tried to do our best to put COVID into one line item and then look at performance.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. Yes. I think it's still a little early, but I don't think we've seen anything that would indicate the acuity is different than the larger book. And I guess what I would say is the majority of the customers had previously had health insurance. And the other thing is we've actually got our proportionate percentage, our market share percentage of the growth. But the other thing that's also happened is we've held on to members longer because of the premium assistance effectively. So really you're talking about holding on to members that we've already had and then you have the new enrollments. So the mix is I would say more weighted toward retaining the enrollment that we had at the beginning of the year.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I can't think of anything unusual that would have impacted the PMPM. It could be mix, but I don't have the specifics sitting here with me right now.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. I mean, I think, Lance, again, I think back then, we were probably – I was here, we're probably having the same conversations around actuarially sound – actuarial soundness. And if you go back in time and look at our financial performance, I think you'd see it was very consistent during that time period. And I think the other thing to highlight is if you go back to the crisis back in 2008-2009, that's when a lot of organic growth accelerated for us and really driven by states moving to Managed Care in order to help solve their budget problems. And so we believe when states have budget challenges, we're part of the solution, because we can help manage costs and have higher quality outcomes. And so obviously that's some of the activity we're seeing here.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I would say WellCare is performing in line with expectations. Obviously, we have the pandemic here. And so, a little bit harder to sort through that, but from our perspective performing in line with expectations and achieving our synergy targets that we've laid out. And I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're still comfortable with our synergy plan and being able to hit those targets that we set out there. As far as Medicare Advantage, their Medicare Advantage continues to grow. I think if you look at this year and you look at our overall combined Medicare Advantage growth, I would say it's been very strong on the WellCare side. You have to remember back in December on the Centene only side, we had a provider termination and an [indiscernible] contract that we lost. And so if you adjust for those, we've actually seen pretty strong growth this year in Medicare Advantage and obviously looking forward to having the WellCare team run the Centene side of the business and looking for a good growth next year.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes. So a good question. I would say, when I look at the March – quarter end March membership compared to June 30th, we're up about 812,000 members, predominant and at-risk members. I would say the majority of that from our perspective is due to the suspension of the redetermination. And I think we mentioned that at our June Investor Day. And so that's why we've kind of delayed our peak membership from August into November because it appears that there has just been a slower take up rate for the unemployment side versus the eligibility redeterminations. And right now we have assumed that the eligibility redetermination, the suspension of that goes through the end of this year because they pushed out the enhanced FMAP for another 90 days. So hope that helps again our new expectations is up 1.4 million in November, 1.4 million peak members in November versus our previous was 1.9 million in August.
Jeff Schwaneke: Well, there's a lot in there A.J., so I may ask to – you may have to refresh my memory on the first ones, but on the PBM side, I think things are playing out as expected and as we anticipated in both the synergy and the transaction. So, again, we're using the combination of all the PBM assets to get the most value there. I think your other question, refresh my memory on your first question that you had.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, yes. That's usually one of the first topics out of the gate here, but given the unusual circumstances, it sits here at the end. I would say, if you recall, roughly 10%, we would have expected $95 million, and that would be a net P&L benefit after RADV adjustment, et cetera, et cetera. I think if you look at the Q, it came in roughly at 63 million, something like that. And again, if you go back to our Q1 earnings call, we talked about the fact that because of the crisis hit in March, we weren't able to really do a lot of the coding efforts that we do. And so, we expected that risk adjustment to be a little bit short and in fact it was.
Jeff Schwaneke: And as far as marketplace, I think you talked about expansion, obviously we're looking to continue to grow into next year.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, a good question. I think a couple things, if you see the DCP, the days in claims payable, on our press release we've given an explanation down there what is driving some of that days in claims payable. The other piece obviously would be any slowdown in claims from data service to the date we receive the claim. And so, I'd say, there's two components, but the majority is just the actual mathematical calculation, which is what we tried to highlight in the press release.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I think that's to be determined. I'm not – we're not trying to be like some of our peers that have products that they sell that outside. We're going to focus on what serves our growing population, our growing business first and well, we've had some products historically we’ve sold, but that decision I'm going to be leaving up to the senior management as they come on board and we see how it affects our competitive position.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, Matt, this is Jeff. Good question. In theory, you would be correct. However, based on the data that we have, we are an outperformer in that area. And part of that, if you recall, a couple of Investor Days ago, maybe a year or two ago, it was one of our Centene forward programs that we put together. And so due to the fact that we're an outperformer to the good of coding efficiency between January and April before you have to send in the data to the edge server, we are disproportionately impacted.
Jeff Schwaneke: Yes, I think that's even – even some of the states I don't think have the answer for why the members haven't shown up. There was an article the other day about California specifically that I saw where they're trying to figure out the dynamic as well. So I don't think there has been any common denominator is what I would say from our perspective we haven't seen anything that's common across the ones that have grown versus the ones that haven't. And our assumption is that we continue to see growth and there will be, I would say, a lagging unemployment application growth. And there would be some more in California, but not to the magnitude that we've seen in other states. And so again, I think, as I mentioned, we're just going to have to see how this plays out, but we're sitting on 800,000 member growth today and getting to 1.4 million by November doesn't seem impossible. And I think that's a reasonable place for us to put the guidance.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, the vaccine. We haven't had a lot of discussions. We don't know what the cost is going to be or how we’re going to do it, and we still have to see the vaccine. So as this unfolds, if I approach states on that now, they're going to say they have more current issues, Josh, really. But historically, that would be a requirement once again to keep things sound. So when things like Hep C came out, we had no trouble, which was very expensive. So I've even heard some talk where the government for public policy reasons or political reasons is talking about making vaccines available for mapping. So we will let that one play out a little bit.
Michael Neidorff: Let me help with one other regards. The states in this year, when they saw reduced utilization, they were, oh, you're saving all this money. Well, they now understand that utilization will come back in the second half had it followed that path. And they also see as we usually report it in July, while utilization may be down, elective procedures, that's being offset by COVID costs. So they're now understanding that there is no windfall over the course of the full year. And so – we've told them that you really have to look at these things on a rolling four-quarter basis or a six-quarter basis, because we're experiencing things nobody has experienced. And they're starting to understand that.
Michael Neidorff: I can tell you what we saw last night, when we eventually went to sleep after getting our scripts done. And Florida had higher utilization for COVID than more ER – more ICU did in New York. But we have to be so careful how we say this, because as somebody opens up, we see a jump in – Missouri, they just announced they're going to roll back some of the things opened up. Restaurants are now back to 25%, bars are closing at 10 o'clock. I mean they're talking virtual schools. So honestly, it's shifty. I mean, Arizona was very low before it's hike. Texas was incredibly high, it's starting to back off a little bit. So it's a variable from day to day. So it's very hard to give you any kind of really specific well-grounded statement. Hope you understand that and that's what we're talking about the dynamic of this thing and making decisions based on how things are right now at this moment.
Michael Neidorff: I think also there was a case – some cases they're taking the – what the providers are paid down and pass that. I think New Mexico was…
Michael Neidorff: I think – and I'll say that the epidemiologist that I'm speaking with, I'll be very honest and very candid. I told them that – we told employees we'll give 30 days notice before we reopen. And I said to them, I think maybe I don't see us reopening fully. Everyone will open sooner or later, but until after January 1. And he said to me, one of them said, 'I don't think you'll regret that'. So what we're saying is it's so fluid and so dynamic that it's just moving along – well, I mean, let's talk about what I'm concerned about, none of this affects the performance of this company, just recognizing these things are there, so you deal with it ahead of time and an treat the right expectations. If we have a bad flu season, that, combined with COVID, could be a very serious combination. And so we are working very hard. Now, I want to get this commercial, we're doing a PSA now, people understand it. Everybody is telling us until we have a vaccine, the next best thing to do is wear your mask and encourage others. And I'm going to take some broad advice, I'll tell you what one of my epidemiologist told us, a couple. Tokyo, in Japan, there is 127 million people. And a lot of you know the Asian culture is masked for years, they have gone back in the 80s. Somebody thought they have a cold, you were a mask not to offend somebody. During the time that we had 100,000 deaths, they had 832. In Hong Kong, very congested, during that same period of time with 7 million people, they had four people die because they wore masks. So if we can – it depends. If people start to realize what they can do to help themselves and choose some good judgment, that can impact it. So we're doing all we can, as I am right now, trying to help people to understand it. So, I am hopeful that we will start to mitigate the intensity of the COVID until we have a vaccine. I'm also hopeful that we have a treatment, which will be very important. I was watching on one of the spaces today, there is some talk about that they hope to have some of that. So it's something we've never experienced but I'm comfortable that we have the expertise, the capabilities to deal with it.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think we'll continue to work with them. And I have no reason to be concerned. I'm just saying that some states we'll have to continue to work with whom and I'm trying to tell them that they can look at the rates just in one quarter, the results, the utilization. But you need to be thinking about how it rolls forward. And what we anticipate it's going to be happening on a going-forward basis. So my comment was, in essence, a positive comment that we're engaging the state now so they understand that. And as we said, while we haven't announced [indiscernible] states giving us rate increases now and we're working through that with them and when its finalized, we'll announce that as well. So the only comment was expect this to continue, the discussions to continue going forward. And that's in a very positive sense that they want to talk about.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think they'll be on board in the next three, four weeks. And we're talking about what they can do to help with the provider experience, the member experience and so there'll be various things there that – for competitive reasons, I'm not going to get too specific, but there are some things there that we think we can do that can move us into a real leadership position in that area. And they have the talent and the capability added to what we have. And we have a lot of great people here doing a lot of that here right now. And so – but it just recognizes where it's moving to and they have the talent to recognize when there are systems and capability that need to be brought it and bolted on. I know we're working aggressively in that area. Hope that helps.
Michael Neidorff: It's complicated by a lot of politics in the middle of this whole thing too. Everybody recognizes that. I'm just saying what people are recognizing.
Michael Neidorff: No, I think the difference that I would call out and I think I mentioned this before was really some states are growing and some states aren't. And that dynamic is really, really interesting. And I think that just has to deal with the underlying unemployment situation in each individual state. We've had certain states and obviously you guys, I know, go out and download some of the data from the states on Medicaid enrollment, but we've had certain states that have grown 5%, 6%, 7% since March, and we have others in the 1% to 2% range. So I find that dynamic interesting, and obviously different than what we have experienced historically if you go back to the ‘08, ‘09 recession.
Michael Neidorff: I think that was on the pharmacy, the one thing I will add on the pharmacy, if you recall early in the pandemic, we authorized people to get a moldable month supply things of that nature to accommodate their fears and concerns. So the things that once again that's it makes a little lumpy and choppy, but it's all – it all works out over the period of time.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. If somebody is deferred, you can't be certain who's deferred one. It was obvious when you saw the reduced trends in April that the things were being delayed. We saw in talking to various hospitals, larger institutions, they said, they're starting to bring it back in. And there's two elements of that. The hospital is being prepared to do it, and the person being prepared to go to the hospital because there is that variable. As it relates to July [indiscernible] hospitals some of them we know, were starting to defer deferred care now. We have to assume that some of those patients were ours, because we have a big membership, but what percent in that, it's early. We don't have the details. As we sit here at this point, it's still July and we want – we haven't closed. So we just – as we said to you, we're going to try and be transparent and tell you what we see as we see it. There were some indication of that, there were some hospitals done it and it's going to vary and that moves from day to day. That's a big problem. The hospitals in Georgia or in Florida, they may have just decided yesterday afternoon, it's time to defer and we hear about it. And how long that stays? That's the difficulty of this pandemic. It's just so dynamic and changing. I wish I could be more, more granular for you, but the moment I do that I'm going to mislead you.
Michael Neidorff: Let me start up on the RFP front. We told you, Oklahoma has said, they're going to do it. There were several states that have talked to us about who they might consult with what outside consultants, because they're looking at expanding their marketplace. And they may, if they don't have SSI or long-term care, but I'm not going to disclose who they are because it's not certain and they just – and as they probably asked other companies besides us, who they think their consultants are, but it's a clear indication that they are looking to start to save the money by expanding into those areas and they really understand that. So I have to leave it there. I wish I could be more granular, but I really don't want to – I don't want to mislead somebody. And the second part of the question was…
Michael Neidorff: Yes, sure, absolutely. Yes. Okay. We know that the House put out two months ago a $3 trillion bill, the Senate was really delaying it and they have about $1 trillion and it's not going to be either, it's going to be somewhere in the middle. Now, the only thing I know with any certainty is I don't think that they will get the $600 and that's this my guess. So if I'm right you could say how smart I am, if I'm wrong, you can kid me about it, the rest of my life. But I don't think they're going to get to 600 because they realized some people were making more being unemployed than being employed. And that – on both sides there are people a little bit the wrong way. So we'll see that change, the FMAP and state support that's in the middle of negotiations now. And I think the FMAP has a chance because they recognize that. We’re – our counsel is put a date certain on, as I said earlier. Relative to specific states report support, that's going to be hard. It's an election year, which really complicates this whole thing and there is a little politics being played out there. And so, I'm probably saying I expect it's going to be somewhere between 1.5 trillion to 2 trillion. I think we'll see some FMAP, I am hoping to some improvement there. We're going to see the unemployment. You're going to see another check go after people, some of those things. You're going to see the – if somebody hasn't paid their rent being displaced, you're going to see that probably extended, that type of thing. But I think they're going to be playing on the engine – around the fringes, Gary.
Michael Neidorff: May I ended up just because of timing, we're going to take probably two or three more questions [indiscernible]. So I learned a long time ago when the board is waiting for the meeting and if you're not there instead of talking to you, they talk about you…
Michael Neidorff: Let me be consistent with what we said other years at this point and please take it the right way, but we will talk about 2021 at our December Investor Day and to try and frontline our own meeting this far ahead is something we have always historically avoided. So I'm going to defer that question and be non-responsive so to speak.
Michael Neidorff: What's normal today, I mean, yes, sure there are some regions in the Northwest and may be more normal now, they've settled down. But we see the South picking up. And we thought Missouri and the Midwest was settling down and now we see Missouri, Ohio and other States starting to pick up again. So it seems to come and wait and that's the big issue. It's – what I see you have to make your decisions as it is today, because it’s so dynamic and we've never seen anything like it. The risk that offset puts and takes, you have – I expect Arizona should start to calm down, they are taking all the tough things they need to do. Florida I think the governor realizes what he has to do, shut some things down and they're trying to do that. So it's – there's no one place that I can say has a fully under controlled today. It's how it pops up and where. So once it gets a little bit under control, they start to say, oh, we can lighten up on the restriction and then it pops up again. The only place I seem to – I can talk with any confidence is some of the European countries where they had a complete shutdown for a couple months and they seem to really have brought it down.
Michael Neidorff: I want to thank everybody. And we look forward to the next to the third quarter conference call. And hopefully, we'll have some more clarity on vaccines and other things that will give us a little more certainty as where things are, but rest assured we're going to continue to deal with this as we're confronted with it. Stay well, stay healthy and wear your mask. Thank you.
