Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, yes. Just on and I agree with your comments and I guess our view is to Michael's point, it's been consistent. We’ve been doing this program for five years. There's I think more stability. You have to go back to last year and remember that we had added conservatism to our guidance last year for the exchange because it was post-election. So fast forward to where we are today, there's more stability in the program and we have a track record and certainly a history of having development on this estimate just like we have on IBNR and any other estimate that we have in the business.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, we didn't give any specific revenue earnings guidance on those. Just a couple things I can tell you on where those revenues show up. For CMG, there's some risk-based revenue there, so that shows up in our premium revenue. MHM is going to be in the service line.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, yes. We quantify 2017. It's really what we’ve quantified and then who knows how the ultimate resolutions going to come out, but I think what we’ve quantified is the difference between using the statewide average and carrier specific premiums on the 2017 benefit year. And That was the $100 million pre-tax that I gave you.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No, no. What I'm saying is if you look at 2017, the $79 million that’s disclosed in our 10-Q, I think it was $48 million in the prior year. And you take that as a percentage of the year-end balance, it's roughly 10%. So it's very consistent year-to-year. And we are using that same methodology for 2018 and the business has actually grown.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, I mean, I’m not going to comment about our specific net margins. There's always rooms -- room to expand margins scale, I think it helps. Additionally, all the states are different, right. So it's a portfolio approach for us. So there's always room for improvement and we always look to do that over time.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. I mean, I think the biggest thing you have to realize going from Q2 to Q3 and this is the same from Q1 to Q4 is just how the marketplace business performs, right. So it's always the lowest in the first quarter and it pretty much trends up from there all the way to the fourth quarter and then you have the fourth quarter which includes all the open enrollment cost. It also includes the enrollment cost for Medicare as well. So, I guess, what I would expect is HBR's would increase from here consistent I think with what Michael said and what I said in my prepared remarks, which is this year from an adjusted earnings perspective is developing pretty much consistent with last year.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, obviously, the Fidelis acquisition, right, comes in on July 1. So that’s significant. And we're glad to have that. The other thing is that we mentioned the CMG, NHM and some of the other transactions that we did, those are -- obviously, will benefit the P&L, but from a size perspective is less than of a needle mover. So Fidelis interest rates have also continued to increase, which has been favorable as well.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. So that's specifically what I commented on my prepared remarks. You're exactly right. There was a true up this quarter and how that true up comes about is we're estimating how much our fee is compared to the entire industry, right. So we're using information from third parties to figure out what the denominator is in that and we got new information that the denominator changed a little bit. And so we increased the health insurer fee. Now on the Medicaid side, that’s a pass-through -- predominantly a pass-through, that’s how we treat it. So you’re recording the additional revenue and expense and it offsets with the net earnings line. On the commercial side, that is not. Our premiums don't change. We bid premiums and so those don't change. So that was a little bit of a bad guy in the tax line, if you will. And that's what we mentioned in our prepared remarks and that really offset what I would call the additional investment income that we had really from the capital that we had on the books for the financing of the Fidelis transaction. So I -- what I would say is, I think going forward, Q2 or Q3, Q4, I think it would be relatively consistent with what it was in the past, a little bit less than what you saw this quarter.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: I think they're -- I mean, there's a little more than $10 million that was just on Fidelis capital. So that can give you an idea of what it was.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Well, we haven't. So that closed July, so we haven't -- we're not reporting our accounting for that yet. But, yes, we will go through a entire fair valuation exercise associated with the Fidelis transaction. We have -- the first time, we'll see that is when we report Q3. So we’ve begun our procedures on that. Obviously, we did a lot of planning for that, but we've kicked that off and that will be the beginning of the fair valuation exercise that we will complete within 1-year from the balance sheet.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. I believe we said it's -- I think my commentary specifically was higher than 5% and below 10% at one of our investor days. So, yes, yes, it is. When we look at the margins, when we’re giving those margins, that's what I would call a fully complete reconcile with the government margin number.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, I think you're right. We had a lot of history with the product and its performed consistently year-over-year. That's why we ultimately changed our 3% to 5% and updated that to north of 5%. For competitive reasons, I’m not going to get into the actual margin number, but it's a very good product for us.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. That’s true. In my prepared comments, I mentioned it was a 20 basis point increase to the HBR for the quarter. We don't provide an adjusted HBR number. So I just gave you the 20 basis points.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: No, no. I would say that, yes, they would follow what I call a traditional Medicaid earnings path for a year. So, you have flu season which kicks off in Q1 or Q4, and can go into Q1. And so those months are usually or those quarters are usually the highest HBR quarters. The summer months a little better, so, yes, I think it would follow that same seasonality path because they’re predominantly Medicaid.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, that’s -- yes. Similar level, I would say it's larger actually because the business is larger for us, right. And we are planning for growth in 2019, but that kind of goes back to the whole risk adjustment comment. If you go back to last year, in the second quarter, we had the risk adjustment that was pretty much offset by the additional costs that we loaded into the fourth quarter of 2017, because the government limiting marketing. Those costs are already included in our 2018 guidance, which is one of the reasons why we included the risk adjustment favorability as well. Both items are in. And those costs are actually higher than they were last year because of the size of the business.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, what I will tell you is that's an actuarial estimate, of course, and it's done by state. That's also net of minimum MLRs, so the calculation is actually more complicated than just aggregating the business altogether and taking one. And obviously there are a lot of carriers that have had problems with this in the past. So, yes, we have had a, what I call a consistent reserve for adverse deviation. And that's been -- you can see that in the actual results and how it's played out over the last three years.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: That would be an accurate statement. We are using the same methodology that we have used since the beginning of the program. The only thing that’s happened is we’ve gotten more states and the business is growing.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I mean, I hate to go all the way back to December of 2016, but you have to remember where we were in December 2016, it was postelection. And if you recall, we actually added $0.20 of conservatism for the whole marketplace product as a result of the election. So at that point in time, we did not include the risk adjustment in the number, in the guidance. But post that we seen stability in the market, we have a consistent level of development. So heading into this year, because we had the costs, right, remember in 2017 when we had the favorability in Q2, we added the costs to Q4 pretty much offsetting that because the government was limiting its marketing. So fast forward to this year, the costs were in, the benefit of the risk adjustment in really driven by stability in the program and we were comfortable enough with our estimates and what the costs were going to be for the year. So it was in guidance, yes.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes. Yes and I -- and -- there has been consistency in the past. I do want to be careful, it's an estimate, right. We are estimating it. We've had very consistent track record of estimating it. But we are using the same methodology that we have used since the beginning of the program.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: Yes, yes. I mean, obviously we’re trying to -- I mean, it's a big component of the synergy capture. So we've been planning on this for quite some time and we are accelerating those as fast as we can.
Jeffrey Schwaneke: A couple of things I will always say. There is retroactivity in the business. We are operating obviously in -- several states across the country, and I would say this is common in Medicaid programs where there's retroactivity. Some are positive, some are negative, but we always see a certain level of retroactivity. That's the benefit of scale and diversification is that you’re matching those things up and you're using a portfolio approach. So what I would say is, yes, there was some fee schedule changes, but I would say across the Centene enterprise in total nothing out of the ordinary.
Kevin Counihan: Sure. Hi, good morning. We remained very bullish about the exchange business both for ourselves and also the stability of the market. So we're expecting ongoing growth in our business. We think it remains very, very stable and we're very enthusiastic about open enrollment coming up.
Kevin Counihan: Hi, it's Kevin. No, it's not. We’re very confident that we will be able to maintain as of the carriers are. The rate timeline submission deadline, we are tracking to that. And so we feel comfortable with it.
Kevin Counihan: Just completely agree with what Michael said. We welcome the competition. We think that it's an example of the ongoing growth and stability of the marketplace. As you guys are probably aware, we have expansion plans going into next year, both in adding new states as well as expanding an existing states. So, again, we think the increased new entrants is a very good sign for the marketplace and we're ready to bring it on.
Kevin Counihan: Yes. Again, but that discipline is not limited to any specific states. It's something that we bring to all our markets and all our products.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, remember the past couple of years, we retained 80% of the previous year's enrollees, which I think speaks for itself.
Michael Neidorff: Yes, I think I’ve commented on Investor Days and other conferences that we're not out there buying all the practices we can and all the clinics that we can. We said that the group in -- we brought in Florida, CMG, is scalable if we needed. And it will service well to be able to move into underserved areas, where there's not a -- an adequacy of physician. Pick a county in Texas is somewhere with more rule. This gives us that opportunity to open up a clinic and they can do it efficiently and quickly and protect our membership in that concept. And they have a very efficient operation, they operate with highest of quality, low MLRs. And so we saw that as an opportunity to have an asset that we can apply were needed versus just simply saying it's a national strategy. They serve all the government services Medicaid, Medicare and the exchanges.
Michael Neidorff: We are not trying to buy clinics and have clinics in every market. We are focused where they're needed or where there's a group of physicians that are now going to work with it. We have the capability to go ahead and protect the access that our membership needs.
Michael Neidorff: Yes. I think there's two of them. On your first question with our RxAdvance, we're moving ahead with our Rx program, which we believe will be proven to be much more efficient and its all predicated on what the pricing is, if they come up with a program without to rebates. We have the capability to deal with that very efficiently and effectively. And we are becoming a large enough supplier of pharmaceutical products and purchaser of them that we will be able to buy in quality -- quantity very effectively and efficiently and put that together with RXAdvance and I think we will be in a very strong position versus just a traditional PBM where -- so that part I think will work very well. We also as it relates to the risk adjusters, we have the stated policy that we're comfortable where it is, we believe it will advocate for maintaining as it is, and not look for any short-term benefit for ourselves, but saying this is a matter of public policy. It's been working. Let's leave it alone.
Michael Neidorff: I think it is. I think with the system capability we have, we can be indifferent to it, because we can very quickly adjust to whatever methodology they’re using. So we are very comfortable with either one and had plan for it, recognizing this could easily happen.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think we're looking at it on an ongoing basis, but it's probably too early to make a specific comment.
Michael Neidorff: There always has to be -- we had -- there always has to be one issue, Peter, that we beat to death. Glad to with the risk adjusters. Go ahead.
Michael Neidorff: And I just want to emphasize what Jeff said earlier that it's not a 10% market by market evaluation that really gets rolled up by our accounting folks.
Michael Neidorff: And by the way we’ve a very willing recipient. They’ve been sitting there waiting and biting it to bits, so to speak to get at it.
Michael Neidorff: It is actually -- it's regulated capital. It is already accrued. So it's already on the balance sheet of the statutory entity. So there's really no revolver borrowing or any free cash flow implications, that's regulated capital going back to the state that's been accrued since the Fidelis acquisition or since the Health Net acquisition, sorry.
Michael Neidorff: From the organic standpoint, I think we laid out the number of RFPs we won. The expansion is taking place there. The new RFPs will be waiting to go live. So you will see continued growth in the Medicaid business to that form of organic growth. Relative to the inorganic growth and tuck in things, I really can't talk too much about that, that's from a competitive standpoint and all of these is associated with it. And very simply, there's always -- they say many [indiscernible] between the company [indiscernible] until a deal is done, it's not done. So I want to be very cautious and conservative on that particular one. And the third part that I heard is, we continue to focus as well as on the current book of business, the Medicare, other things that we’ve talked about on the technology side of things. Our RXAdvance is a good example of that. It's a technology that I think will materially help us grow that business and contribute significantly to reducing costs. So we will continue that and to focus on those kinds of opportunities and the prison health, etcetera, just a very balanced portfolio of growth is our objective.
Michael Neidorff: Well, I think anybody that wants to purchase at a fair price our services, we will be available to talk to. And I think really -- as people understand some of these capabilities, they’re going to recognize they really need it as they move ahead and I made some musing comments that, vis-a-vis, the things they're talking about and disruptors and -- I see that as a positive and we intend to eliminate the extended disruptors ourselves with some of these technologies 
Michael Neidorff: Well, I want to thank you all for your time, attention, support. And we look forward to the next call, not unlike this one. Thank you and have a good rest of the summer.
Joshua Raskin: Thanks. First question just around the timing of Texas Star Plus. It sounds like there's a resubmission that you guys have been asked to give 30 days as of a week ago or so. So is that a full resubmission? You got to resubmit responses to the entire RFP, or is that just going to be responding to the updates? Just trying to get a better sense of the timing.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. Sounds pretty. I mean, it sounds like a full blown RFP resubmission in 30 days sounds tough. So, I guess, I was also surprised to hear that.
Joshua Raskin: Right, right. I guess, you guys are in good shape. You’ve already submitted, so really probably have most of the answers. The second question, I'm just curious around a more clinic-based model for Centene, and what the benefits would be to have more sort of brick-and-mortar type centers, even if they were leased or partnered or whatever, and how that would impact the Medicaid business, specifically. And then, I guess, if there's other commentary around the exchanges or MA for clinic-based model that would be helpful as well.
Joshua Raskin: Okay. So Michael, you would say you don't really need broad-based clinic help across all of your markets and some sort of retail strategy isn't what you're looking for in there.
Justin Lake: But it's always fun to be publicly incorrect, so let's just make sure I have this straight. So Jeff you put up with this theme [ph], because it looks like it's north of 10% of your -- what you -- what the spot number ends up being, you’re putting up 10% plus.
Justin Lake: And where it's interesting is because the business is actually growing, the deviation reserve you’re putting up for this year, for '18, is actually even bigger on the -- from a headwind perspective than tailwind you're getting for last year.
Justin Lake: All right. And then let me just -- you said this is in guidance and obviously I take you guys, your word. The thing that was confusing is last year was it in guidance for '17, because you beat the 2Q when you had this true up benefit, you beat by $0.30 versus consensus. And you had it very clearly in the write up that you had this $0.17 beat. And that’s where I think at least I got confused because it looks like it was upside last year and this year …
Justin Lake: Got it. So in '17 it wasn’t in guidance. You did that from a conservatism perspective, because of everything going on.
