Gary J. Goldberg: I'm going to have to look that up here real quick because I don't have it at my fingertips. But we'll come back to that and look it up.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think what we'll be doing, Andrew, is as we get it closer to commercial production, we'll assess where that stands. I think right now we were comfortable making this next reduction. I think the team has done a great job of delivering. Chris was just down there a couple of weeks ago, I was down in December, and just impressed with how the whole project is coming along. But I think we'd hold off to probably midyear or third quarter as we get into commercial production to reassess capital.
Gary J. Goldberg: I wouldn't say – I mean, in Carlin and Twin, we'll have some stripping campaigns over the next couple of years, Carlin currently in one and Twin will come back into one. So those would be the two areas that I'd see any – I wouldn't call it abnormal. It's just a normal part of their mining cycle. Of course, Batu Hijau if we were to get into Phase 7 would be into one of those as well down the road a couple of years.
Gary J. Goldberg: Not at this stage, John. I think we're still sticking to our schedule of reviewing that with the team in June and have more to talk about it in July.
Gary J. Goldberg: True, Stephen, I think, first of all, step back. Our core focus is on making sure our operations, the business delivers value. So we're not out for a target of a certain number of ounces per se. It's what's going to deliver the best return to shareholders. So that's why you've heard us say we've announced certain projects, talk about return on capital. That's a big focus. And clearly, we understand our internal projects the best generally. So that's a key focus that we look at. But we do take a look at what's available out there around the rest of the world in terms of opportunities. We weight all of our operations, our internal projects and external opportunities on the same value and risk scale where we look at value, NPV, return on capital, mine life and position on the cost curve. We look at risks from a technical and a geopolitical and social risk aspect and really make all the decisions based on that in terms of how we then allocate capital. We're targeting roughly 20% to 25% of our free cash flow today to be paid back in dividends. We're working towards a position of getting our net debt to EBITDA, targeting, as Laurie said, a 1 time ratio at a $1,200 gold price and investing in the business along the way. And as you point out, we're making quite a bit of investment. You see that in our free cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2015, and we'll see that in the first half. Primarily, it's front-end loaded in 2016. But that kind of gives you a little overview of where our focus is really driven and what's the best value to shareholders is the main driver.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes. I think clearly we're focused on running our operations. Just we're joint venture partners with certain parties in Australia where we're managing the KCGM operation now. We're partners at Turquoise Ridge, and we continue to work to look at what the next development opportunities are. All the ore at Turquoise Ridge is processed at our Twin Creeks operation today. And looking at ways to be able to expand that relationship and develop the best value for our shareholders in that process is one of our focuses. So, I wouldn't look away from them, but right now, those would be the areas that we're focused on.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes, I think, there's two parts and that's the Phoenix operation in the U.S. that's producing copper. You've got the copper that comes with the gold in concentrate and you also have the copper that comes from the SX/EW. And we do have probably more flexibility around SX/EW if we were to see a significant decline in copper prices where it wasn't making money on a cash basis. But at this stage, we don't have any plans to make a change. But that would be the one we'd have probably the most flexibility initially to make a change on.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes. If we get down to it, we'd be looking at C1. But we'd continue to assess that as we go forward.
Gary J. Goldberg: We're very confident at operating gold operations around the world. We do have the three copper-gold deposits that we operate today, but our focus would be on gold primarily. But if there was something of value that was gold with some copper with it, we'd consider it, but our focus is really on gold, Jorge.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes, our $250 million to $300 million is full project spend from the beginning. So that hasn't changed at this stage.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think, overall – I mean, first of all, our cost came down year-on-year and just to remind folks, especially all-in sustaining and we have had the moves around Yanacocha as we get closer towards the end of the existing mine life. We have expected those costs to come up as production comes down. Carlin was a factor of some of the items that Chris mentioned as we're dealing with some of the geotechnical issues plus came to the end of some stripping and some grade-related issues. Our guidance still that we provided in early December in terms of where we expect our cost to be for 2016 hasn't changed from what we provided and still remains the same.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining today. I'm pleased with the changes we've made over the past few years that have positioned Newmont to be the world's leading gold business. We'll continue to focus on our strategy to deliver long-term value by improving our underlying business from safety to productivity to costs, strengthening our portfolio, and creating value by funding our highest-margin projects, reducing debt, and paying steady dividends. Thanks, again, for joining us and have a safe day.
Christopher J. Robison: Yes. Andrew, as you know, the grade was expected to drop, and so, our expectation, as you can see, the ounces in 2016 were down in the 500,000-ounce range for 2016. And in the foreseeable future, there's – it's roughly half of where we had been two years ago to three years ago and then as we stepped down in 2015.
Christopher J. Robison: No, I think – Andrew, I think it's pretty consistent with fourth quarter as grade has ramped down. So, I think pretty consistent through the year. We'll certainly be consistent through the year, and it's similar to fourth quarter.
Christopher J. Robison: Yes. And they've done a great job in focusing on cost with the declining grade and reducing head count and other significant costs.
Christopher J. Robison: Yes, David, I think, it comes – obviously, it's exchange rate and fuel price plays a big role there. But also, from my recent visit there, mining has some very unique approaches in terms of logistics which you can imagine is pretty interesting, getting gear into the Amazon Jungle, where we have saved costs, and even in assembling gear there, where a lot of equipment is obviously fabricated, but then assembled in Europe, in the U.S. or Canada, and then transported in and basically just bolted together. And so, as we do more of that, that's probably after FX and fuel price, biggest savings is less labor cost and less high-tech labor at site.
Christopher J. Robison: I think it's more specific. I think a big sustaining project, something where there was a lot of gear, I think we've learned a lot from that. But we would certainly take these ideas to other big projects in the future. Some great experience there and knowledge we've gained.
Christopher J. Robison: No, it's pretty well in line with expectations. We're assuming a bit lower spend there again mainly due to fuel costs, but should be pretty line-balled of what we had previously forecast.
Christopher J. Robison: Yes, Tanya, I think a couple of pieces to this. One, it's one particular area in Leeville, so it's not an impact across the whole Leeville/Turf complex. It's one area where due to the faulting, while we had an expectation there of poor ground conditions, our current mining approach, the long hole stoping leads to more geotech issues. So, one of the things that we're looking at is a cut-and-fill approach in this particular area of the mine. That would lead to more selective mining, so higher grade, higher cost that may offset one another as you'd be mining less tons, higher cost but higher grades. So, we see the impact of this through – because of this area, it's an isolated area in the mine, the impact this year, but certainly not longer-term.
Christopher J. Robison: Yes. Yes. And we would be long hole stoping elsewhere in the operations. Just this one area, we would go to this modified mining approach.
Mary Lauren Brlas: And, Chris, I would think you'd say that our guidance that we've given from a cost basis for 2016 is based on the analysis of the grade, and it's going to be – we're still going to deliver that which is...
Mary Lauren Brlas: I would say that over time, there wouldn't be any difference. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, there could be some differences as under one, you might capitalize, on another you might expense, but it actually does a lot to equalize things across the two methodologies.
Mary Lauren Brlas: And as Gary said, part of that is in with the concentrate and so, you really have to look at the combined copper-gold because there is an allocation of cost which can be somewhat academic and isn't always guaranteed to be 100% accurate. You're really looking at the combined product and what margin you get out of that.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Well, the other thing is we talked about this at Investor Day that we have moved our regional G&A into G&A and out of other, so you're going to see some changes in that going forward. And we can give you a lot of detail, if you'd like, offline. The other is a fairly complex area, and a lot of it is non-cash, as you mentioned. But it should be coming down as we make some of these changes that will provide a little bit more transparency.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Sure. Thank you, Andrew. And, yes, I think the whole team deserves a lot of credit for this debt paydown. We don't do it in finance. But we definitely have some project-level debt at PTNNT that we expect to be paying down throughout the year. And then we've also considered the concept of doing a tender on some of our outstanding corporate debt. We do have the cash, as I said, in December. We're monitoring the gold price and want to make sure that we don't take undue risk. But as you point out, where we're at right now, both financially and where we are within our projects, that definitely could be something on the horizon. We just have to make sure that the timing fits with all the other things. And as you know, we get into the blackout windows and everything around our quarters. So, our timing to be able to do those things can sometimes be limited. But we definitely, obviously, have the capability, and we'll be studying that quite a bit going forward.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Well, I think we would certainly evaluate a variety of different things, other options that we might have, what does the gold price look like at that point in time. Theoretically, you're probably not far off about what we do, but there would definitely be timing and other things that would come into play before we would move on that. But I definitely see the ability for us to pay down some incremental debt this year.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Yes. What we've said, Garrett, is that we'd like to be at 1 times debt to EBITDA when gold price is $1,200. Obviously, the EBITDA moves around a bit as the gold price moves around a bit. But if we think about it that way, we're confident that we can maintain investment grade metrics as the gold price moves in through the cycles.
