George R. Burns: Thanks, Chuck. Gold production in the first quarter totaled 640,000 ounces with solid production across the mine portfolio that keeps us on track for 2013 guidance. Starting with Red Lake, production totaled 122,500 ounces at a total cash cost of $523 per ounce. Production decreased as expected compared to the first quarter as favorable mining sequence in the first quarter provided higher grades in tonnage in the High Grade Zone as compared to the second quarter. High Grade Zone de-stressing in the 46-47 level is progressing as planned and mining in this area is included in the mine plan for the fourth quarter with minimal ounces expected. Exploration drilling continued on the NXT zone and results today have been better than expected. The zone remains open vertically into the west, and several drills are targeting this zone, both from the 4199 exploration drift and from existing infrastructure at higher levels in the mine. The key to mining successfully at Red Lake has always been maintaining flexibility and the NXT demonstrates good potential to enhance operational flexibility. At Peñasquito, the second quarter gold production totaled 88,100 ounces and by-product cash costs of $920 per ounce. As expected, production increased from the first quarter, as we began mining in a higher grade portion of the pit, which increased our average grade from 0.31 gram per ton at 0.43 gram per ton. We expect the grade to continue to increase throughout the year to approximately 0.6 gram per ton in the fourth quarter. Mill throughput in the quarter averaged approximately 105,000 tons per day and due to peak water availability, June averaged almost 120,000 tons per day. We continue to expect production of between 360,000 ounces to 400,000 ounces for the year. We are aggressively targeting efficiency improvements and cost reductions at Peñasquito. On the mining side, we have made good progress in increasing efficiencies with respect to blasting, truck loading and several productivity. We expect these and other improvements to yield significant reductions in our mining costs over time. On the processing side, we are targeting further refinements to the primary crusher that are expected to resolve in greater productivity of the circuit. Overall, Peñasquito can operate much better and it will. Our operating for excellence initiatives are taking room and we look forward to seeing the benefits of these changes over time. Our exploration drilling on the deep [scar] and below the Peñasquito pits continues to be positive. Fixed drills have nearly completed the plant wide space, testing phase of the deep copper gold (inaudible) deposit, which remains open in all directions. We are pleased to announce identification of a new water source called the Northern Well Field that is expected to provide sufficient water to reach our permitted water capacity for Peñasquito. The Well Field is located approximately 60 kilometers from the mine, within the basin of our approved water rights. We are currently engaged in permitting activities and evaluating routing alternatives for the pipeline with an expected construction start in the fourth quarter. The capital cost is estimated to be approximately $150 million with completion expected late in 2014. We have also studied options to enhance tailings efficiency of Peñasquito with thickened tailings being a desired component of the options being evaluated. A follow-up study is now underway that will analyze the redesign of the current tailings facility to accommodate thickened tailings to reduce overall fresh water requirements of Peñasquito. The study is expected to be completed mid-2014. Pueblo Viejo continues its ramp up to full capacity. Gold production totaled 81,000 ounces at by-product cash cost of $507 per ounce. The increase in tonnes milled during the second quarter resulted from the ramp up of the autoclave facility and progress in implementing modifications required to meet design capacity. The new 215 megawatt power plant is expected to be commissioned on schedule in the third quarter. Now, I’d like to turn the call over Russell Ball for a review of the projects.
George R. Burns: Yeah. There’s three things that impacts silver recoveries, one is limestone additional or PH, two is the mineralogy of the silver in the third temperature and the temperatures are only issue and again, we’ve got a design retrofit that will be tested in the third quarter and optimistically we’re going to get it resolved.Alec Kodatsky – CIBC World Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
George R. Burns: Well, we’re going 60 kilometers to the north to tie into this Northern Well Field. Camino Rojo has roughly the same distance to the south.David Haughton – BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
George R. Burns: Maybe, let me just say first David, and I’ll pass it to Russell then. I guess I remind you that nothing has changed from the last quarter. We told you then that the late delivery of that pyramid was putting our first goal in late 2013 at risk, although that’s still what we’re shooting for. And then secondly, to the extent that we do defer some capital from 2013 into 2014, which is what we announced today, obviously the amount to be spent in 2014 will go up from what we would have planned previously. And maybe, Russell, turn it over to you for the details.
George R. Burns: Yeah, Greg, also and again, this is George, for the impairment testing that the 750 up would give or take, we added some – we believe that down the line that in fact, we will be adding some milling costs for maybe in order to get deeper in the ore body for perhaps some copper. So that is the cost and because remember when we look at impairment test we are looking at the whole weight of the mine and when we put in the average cost and say those are the parameters we use for valuing the net present value of the mine life, and we are looking over a long period of time for the impairment test. So it might start out, it will start out at a much lower rate in 853 and then build up as we start to know some of those additional impact. Copper is the bottom around the ore body, so okay, that we use for impairment analysis. But it’s certainly much higher than current run rate we anticipate for the next period of time.
George R. Burns: So yeah, we’ve got three or the four autoclave retrofits completed before nearly complete, and all those retrofit designs are operating as planned. We have had issues with delivery of the modified valves which are the big valves in the autoclave circuit, and that’s caused some issues on the ramp up in the second quarter. But essentially, we’re on track with the retrofits and again, comfortable with the guidance we’ve put out for Pueblo Viejo and expecting to get the full production in the second half for design.Greg Barnes – TD Newcrest Securities: Okay, good. Thanks, George.
George R. Burns: None of that, but we also get use a short-term lower short-term price stack on that life of mine plan.Farooq Hamed – Barclays Capital Canada, Inc.: Okay and then maybe just switching gears a little bit, talking about the Cochenour solution there, so that’s expected the study for the Cochenour solution expected to be done by mid-2014, given that if it’s viable it can reduce your water requirements by nearly 40% power potentially up to 40%, if it’s viable how quickly could you implement that solution after the study is done.
George R. Burns: So the current tailing is down that we’re depositing in, that was part of the initial construction. It’s got 4.5 years of life left and it employs the use of cyclones for separating sands and fines, and Cochenour won’t work in that configuration, so the studies are to look at Cochenour in the new tailings down that would be implemented in four to five years. And again we are confident, we know that the cost of the Cochenour, we’re confident about the water that we’ll save and confident that it’s going to be an important part of the next phase of the tailings designed at Peñasquito, but it’s implementation is four, five years out.Farooq Hamed – Barclays Capital Canada, Inc.: Okay that’s helpful thank you. And then maybe one last question, just about related to your slide on managing the volatile gold prices, so you know you have a point there that the gold prices about 1200 you would look at reconfiguring and shutting down the higher cost mines, one question there would be how long would the gold price have to be sustained under that level before you started making those decisions.
Lindsay Hall: No, I thought we’re getting it out of the country, if your question to Steven, we’re actually slowing dividends out of the country from Alumbrera.
Lindsay Hall: Usually, what we do feel is when we start looking at assets competition for capitals usually is about a 15% unlevered return and then start looking at the risks around that 15%. But we started, they deferred screening our opportunities to invest the capital.Stephen Walker – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much for that and congratulations on vending machine.
Lindsay Hall: Well, John, it’s Lindsay. It’s maybe new to – followed by you and me under IFRS that you can in turn asset write it down, but in the future for the fact that circumstances changing those indicators of testing and in fact, the indicator is saying if the value of the asset goes up, you can actually write it up, which is kind of new under IFRS plus.
Lindsay Hall: I don’t think so, John. Not it’s like more than, I don’t think so. That’s not the case at all, it’s just applying the standard and I guess what I’d say there hasn’t been a lot of companies asking that have actually written up assets currently, but if in fact, you had sustained really quite high gold prices and you saw that into the future, that would start getting companies under IFRS having to look at the value of our assets, they’ve been impaired before.
Lindsay Hall: And David to give you an indication of capital, we’re about $284 million for the first six months and we expect to be around $650 million for the full year.David Haughton – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Gotcha, all right. Thank you very much for that.
Lindsay Hall: Yeah, all we did Farooq, it’s Lindsay, all we did for changes in the life of mine plant is that as we announced today, we put in the northern water. So we found the water, so there is capital George talk about, but attaching that, and there is a proposed mining tax in Mexico that we took a position on that and took that into the life of mine plant, although the two primary changes to what I call the operating mine.Farooq Hamed – Barclays Capital Canada, Inc.: Okay, so there wasn’t any, let’s call them uneconomic ounces that were removed from the current mine plant.
Charles A. Jeannes: And John, this is Chuck. If you think back to that slide, we put up this quarter and I put it up last quarter as well, I kind of talked about the range of options that we would look at various price scenarios. And what we’ve announced today is simply that we follow that plan and because we’re down below $1,400 gold price environment we’ve looked at cuts of SG&A, and exploration and some deferral of non-critical capital spending. And I just want to highlight again, that doesn’t impact our near-term production. And so what we would do in a lower price environment has also indicated on that slide. We get down into the $1,200 and below price environment for a period. We have to start looking at whether some of the high cost operations should be sustained at that level and as I said last quarter, the high cost operations are well aware of that and I guarantee you they are working very hard to reinvent themselves so that they can look at different configuration and be free cash flow positive at $1,200. So that's what we would do. We would look at it, but I suspect at the same time, George and his teams are going to be looking very hard at how to make those sites profitable in a lower price environment.
Charles A. Jeannes: Yeah, Tony, this is Chuck. We will give you the normal update on drilling at year end and an updated resource for the project. And it’s our resource that we hand over them to the projects group and in combination with all the network and the other things that are going on, we intend to start a free feasibility study next year. And I’ll just say that we’re going on a lot of different funds here. We are continuing to drill in full speed, doing the metallurgical testing as a person when you are testing. We are working on lot of supplies which, of course, is a key issue in that part of Mexico. We are working on land acquisition in the Eagle agreements, so there is a lot of things happening, and this will hopefully accommodate in the kick off of met study sometime next year.Tony Lesiak – Macquarie Capital Markets.: Great. Thanks so much.
Charles A. Jeannes: Well, just to be clear that is not the scenario of today. All we’ve done right now is push some non-critical path surface infrastructure into 2015 given that we’re in a low revenue environment and this conserving capital. We have not done anything to impact the long-term plan. And frankly, we don’t intend to in this environment, we’re quite comfortable with our liquidity and with the plan there at Éléonore. Again, if things changed, if the gold price dropped and stayed there for a while, those would be the kinds of things you would have to think about deferring the development as a Lower mine would be one of things on the list.
Charles A. Jeannes: Yeah there is no defined timeframe, it really depends on a wide variety of factors that we would take into consideration to give us the best estimate of the future price rate. It's not just how long it stays there. It’s what the macroeconomic environment is in the world that gives us our best ability to estimate what the future might be. So I can’t say that it's a quarter or two quarters and it also depends largely on the mine itself. If they're able to make adjustments so that they are not bleeding free cash, then we certainly have more time to be able to work through that process.
Charles A. Jeannes: It’s still outstanding. I can say that we’ve got a lot of folks working on it from a lot of different directions, and I feel confident that we’ll get to a situation where we can negotiate a fair settlement with the Ejido and that’s what we’re working towards, but there is legal matters pending and a lot of work going on, on that right now.
Charles A. Jeannes: I can just give you a broad description and we’ve got additional wells planned, and our expectation for the second half is to have adequate water to average 105,000 tonnes a day. So there is going to be a movement from month-to-month depending on when wells come on stream and that decrease in water coming out of existing Well Field. And in terms of trying to predict month-by-month throughput, I’m not going to do that. I’ll just tell you, I’m confident we’re getting an average around 105,000 tonnes a day in the second half and expect it will be a bit lumpy month-to-month and its all about the water that’s available and wells that come on stream and this decay in flow rates.
Charles A. Jeannes: There will be a drop in the DD&A going forward, but not 20% drop. I am actually, I have to get back to you Brian, but as you know most of the impairment went against exploration potential. This doesn’t affect appreciation. On an allocation basis, we have to allocate some to the plant. But we don’t have an immediate impact this year, but in the future it might, it will.
Charles A. Jeannes: Yeah Brian, just to go back, it was the fine crushing circuit as we know areas 200. We have the equipment, but we are looking at running without that just to see the ramp up and conserving capital and then we’ll install it if and when we need it. As far as the other reductions, things like admin, warehouse, a maintenance shop somewhere in the order of $30 million to $50 million, we are still working through that analysis with the team, but it’s what I consider non-discretionary, and converting initial construction facilities into more permanent facilities and saving capital that way too.
Charles A. Jeannes: No, that’s actually pretty normal as you might expect, we kind of clean-up the circuits beyond each quarter, and then get a slow start to the year, and as the growth company and with our production growing through the year, and it also grows the quarter, so that tends to put most of the production later in the quarter, and just to anticipate a question, we do not do any kind of speculating or holding back inter-quarter hedging or anything like that, we sell the gold as it comes out.
Charles A. Jeannes: I think I won’t, I will say my opinion but my good friend of mine, will actually determine that part, I don’t think it will be an all in sustaining costs. The net profits, interest taxes kind of the form of royalty to me, but you better average.
Charles A. Jeannes: Well, yeah, I mean we are telling you that we believe our byproduct costs and our all end sustaining costs will meet the guidance that provided you at the beginning of the year. And obviously, there is risk in that if the byproduct metal prices go down very far. But where we are today, we’re still comfortable with that guidance. If the byproduct prices dropped meaningfully below where we are today, that would be a risk.
Charles A. Jeannes: Sorry I just want to interrupt. That hasn’t been determined for impairment testing. This is a number that was included in a law that was passed in one house of the Congress whether that exactly is what gets passed or when it gets passed we don’t know, but for impairment testing being conservative that’s what they put in. I wouldn’t want you to assume from that. We believe that 5% EBITDA tax is necessarily eminent.
Charles A. Jeannes: Okay, thank you very much, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I got to say, I’ve been quite gratified by the support and confidence of many of our shareholders during what’s been a pretty tough period in the gold market given this price volatility. And I think they continue to believe in our consistent long-term strategy. We have seen a partial rebound in the price of gold and other metals here recently, and I believe that the factors that are supported gold strong performance over the last decade will continue to feel a healthy market for our product. Yeah, I think, I said this last quarter, but I want to say it again. It has been said that you should never let a serious crisis go to waste, and I think this is important, because while this downturn has been painful, the changes that we are making in response to that, I think we’ll resolve in Goldcorp being an even stronger company going forward that is very well positioned for long-term success. So we look forward to taking on these challenges that we face and turn them into opportunities and certainly look forward to updating all of you in the third quarter on our progress. Thanks very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: But that result as you might expect might be some margin allowances that come out of the plan with a focus more on the higher quality ounces of those assets.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, maybe I can just really quick, Tony, and to say that you recall we did give you a range, right? So we had some room within the range that we guided at the beginning of the year. And then secondly, based on our current price environment, we’re comfortable that we’re going to meet that guidance that we provided. Certainly, if we see a material move down in those by-product metal prices between now and the end of the year that could change things.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I’ll just add. We’ve got a range in both our production and our cash costs and our production is coming in solid and we are feeling some pressure from lower silver prices, but we’re still within the guidance.Tony Lesiak – Macquarie Capital Markets.: Okay. So there’s no specific adds where you might have some more flexibility to improve grades or lower costs in the near-term.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, as planned, we’ve got higher grades at Peñasquito production increases and Peñasquito and Alumbrera, but those were as planned.
Unidentified Company Representative: I might just add, from particularly open pits and lower metal prices, we run pit designs at that lower metal price and come up with modified ultimate pit and modified mine sequence. So at any one of the operations, if we’re pressured on the lower metal price we’re going to be working our opportunities to optimize mine plants and that will improve the cash flow. So those are levers we would pull in. The underground’s are similar that you – there are lot of great stokes that require development and when you look at the all in cost of mining those ounces, some of them will drop off at lower prices and obviously because they are lower grade they're going to have small impact on our production profile, but will help in operation the more cash flow positive and lower metal price. So there is number of levers that we can pull and again our teams are focused on looking at those alternatives as we speak.Farooq Hamed – Barclays Capital Canada, Inc.: Okay, great thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, Patrick, I certainly, we believe and I think I can fairly speak for the other operators and the developers in Santa Cruz that this is not a tax that’s supportable under the law of Argentina and so we will be approaching or considering our options in terms of a legal challenge to that tax. Now, it has been enacted, but in a very broad based form and there is a lot of work that needs to be done to actually implement it, and during now and then, this one will be considering those legal options.
Unidentified Company Representative: I should say that there is a connection between the fact that we’ve shutdown exploration at Cerro Negro in the tax. I mean, there are several factors involved and certainly we are looking to defer in our necessary spending throughout the organization and we have many, many years, 9 years of solid reserve life already laid down in front of us at Cerro Negro. But if we’re going to be taxed on the value of our reserves, it doesn’t really make a lot of sense to add years to that reserve profile going forward.
Unidentified Company Representative: And just to clarify, Brian, that is well within our guidance for gold production that we’ve given you for the year. So we’re comfortable in reaffirming that guidance.
Unidentified Company Representative: We’ll actually, Anita, when we, as you know we got to look at all our properties and we actually even though obviously as you’ve heard from Chuck, we were disputing that tax lead for account through that tax in, and even then, we had lost the head room at Cerro Negro. The Cerro Negro impairment really revolves around our assumption that there will be a devaluation in the peso, but that ore body is so large and high graded even when we threw the tax in for modelling assumption and it was just for modelling assumptions, still had headroom, lots of headroom.
Unidentified Company Representative: No, you are absolutely, correct, Anita. It’s just – we’re trying to give a hand on margin. How that…
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, first question is that we had the indicators we saw in the quarter was the commodity price decline plus we saw that the market cap of the company had dropped below our book value. So that gave us positive to the indicators that we had to test for impairments. So those are primarily two things. If I drove to something that would add color to that, certainly, what happened to June 30 is the price of the in-situ value of exploration properties, certainly, we’re much far below 25% to 35% below what we had this exploration potential on the balance sheet. So actually that’s why we stepped in indicators of impairment, took the impairment test, ran it and took the charge under IFRS, there’s nothing in the rule as far as we go forward, we wait for the fourth quarter to take charges. That’s when you have indicators of impairment you have to test. Then to your second question, we’ve tested all our assets and we’ve given lots of disclosures for headrooms of the other operations that we’ve tested for impairments, so it’s in the MD&A both in, as Anita said on just the previous question, even gave you some ideas on the cost structure of the various entities, to really say to the market where our headroom is with our other properties and capital projects.
