George Burns: Thanks Chuck. Gold in the third quarter was largely as expected across the mine portfolio while all-in sustaining cost decreased at 9 of the 11 operations compared to the second quarter. We continue to see wins from our Operating for Excellence program that translated into direct cost reductions in the third quarter. Turning to the operations and beginning with Peñasquito, third quarter gold production totaled a 113,900 ounces at an all-in sustaining cost of $830 per ounce. Mill throughput in the quarter averaged approximately a 109,900 tons per day with water availability in line with our expectations. We continue to make progress in our efforts to secure the water requirements for Penasquito. Northern Well Field land access agreements continue to be completed throughout the quarter and we are finalizing the pipeline routing. Final engineering designs are essentially complete. Construction activities are expected to commence during the fourth quarter of this year. Production at Porcupine for the quarter totaled 76,000 ounces at all-in sustaining cost of $920 per ounce, the lowest cost at Porcupine since the fourth quarter of 2011. Increased production over the second quarter of this year was a result of optimization of long-hole sequencing at the Hoyle Pond to remove marginal production, higher grades at the Dome Underground and higher tonnage from stockpile. At Hollinger project the environmental compliance approval for Hollinger is expected to be issued by the Ontario Minister of Environment before year-end. A new optimized mine plan has been developed to support a much stronger economic project at lower gold prices and accomplishes reclamation of historic mining activities. At Red Lake, gold production totaled 97,000 ounces at all-in sustaining cost of $986 per ounce. Production decreased as compared to the second quarter as mining took place in the lower grade blocks in the 41 and 45 levels. Rates in the high grade zone Deep Campbell and Horizon are expected to increase in the fourth quarter. De-stressing of this 47-46 level is well underway and the team at site continues to progress to de-stress cuts more quickly and efficiently. We remain on track to meet guidance of between 475,000 and 510,000 ounces. Our 40% of gold production at Pueblo Viejo totaled 75,400 ounces at all-in sustaining cost of $661 per ounce. Lower tonnage was processed compared to the prior quarter as one of the autoclaves was taken off line for design modifications. All four autoclaves have now been modified in each successfully tested at design capacity of 300 tons per hour. However, as a result of ongoing modifications in other areas of the plant, production for the year is expected to be at the low-end of our guidance. Construction of 215 megawatt dual fuel power plant is essentially complete and in the commissioning phase which will run into November. You’ve heard me talk about our Operating for Excellence program all year and I am very pleased that a lot of hard work is showing up in the numbers. Our teams are focused on many additional opportunities that will deliver improvements in efficiencies in productivities and reduction in operating costs as we move forward. Now I would like to turn the call over to Russell Ball for review of the projects.
George Burns: David, we are in the process. The ore body as you know is one that is extremely robust. The exchange rate is obviously a challenge or the exchange rate is a challenge with the disconnect with the inflation rate and so we are working that through. Our assumptions going in are on the operating cost are going to be similar to what you have seen on the capital six to one exchange rate and that 20% to 25% to 30% exchange rate. So we don’t have those numbers we are looking at opportunities and we will get those to you in really in the first quarter it’s just too early with the construction schedule moving we have had to go and essentially go back to a zero base budget and so a lot of work going on the ground.
George Burns: Yeah, Tony if I can just add down, Hollinger is one of those that I think is a good example, what we all need to do in lower gold price environment. We’ve looked at this compared to the original feasibility plan and gone back in and made a smaller and much higher return and lower cost. So we’re not moving as many tonnes, we’re many not making as many ounces but we’re making better returns on our investment and that’s the kind of thing that we’re trying to do around the organization and it’s a good example of it.
George Burns: That’s the tough one, you put a target of there that stretches everybody and I guess what I can tell you is we’re focused on benchmarking against the big mines across the Americas and we see significant opportunity in Penasquito to get those unit cost per tonne down and I can tell you we’ve got a lot of big opportunities teed up and our team focused on. So I don’t want to give you any numbers but I can tell you it’s significant improvement.
Charles Jeannes: Sure. We are moving in phase four in a better grade throughout the year and that’s why the production profile is ramping up and we continue to look for a really strong fourth quarter at Penasquito. In terms of looking at the five year plan, yes our pushback sequences are looking to be in better grade material for the next five years so we are looking for a strong continuation of production improvements at Penasquito.
Charles Jeannes: Sure. Well, timing wise we’re expecting probably in the quarter it will get started. Meanwhile we’re drilling to better understanding of ore body and to get set up for mining. It is more robust and it’s smaller production is going to be a bit less than half a million ounces total, the mine life looks to be about five years, about 10 million tonnes or little less than 1.5 gram per tonne and we’ll get a good return on investment on this one that will support, lower operating cost that we’re attacking with their old reprogram.
Charles Jeannes: So bringing Hollinger on allows us to be less reliant on the low grade stock piles that enable us to keep that mill built. So it’s basically going to offset some of the low grade stockpile production with a bit better grade coming in at Hollinger and therefore helping our operating costs.
Charles Jeannes: It’s fairly variable to be candid, overall the recoveries are in line with our expectations. But it’s the complex ore body and we get into certain ore blocks the recoveries are significantly below the averages you see in our results and time zone or above. So I guess I describe our complex ore body overall recoveries are doing what we expected.
Charles Jeannes: Yeah there is no infrastructure impacted by the pit design and it still accomplishes reclamation of the historic mining that was also a target of this mine plan.
Charles Jeannes: Okay. Thanks very much everyone. Just a final note on the gold price the U.S government shut down and weaker than expected labor statistics have further deferred expectations for an end to the fed’s quantitative easing program anytime soon I think. And so we saw the gold price respond positively to this development but regardless of the short term moves based on fed action or inaction we firmly believe that the long term factors supporting the strong gold price remain in place. But we can control the price of gold. So we will continue to focus on those things we can control, delivering on our production forecast, reducing our cost and being careful stewards of our shareholder’s capital. So thanks everyone for joining us today. Have a safe and healthy holiday season and we look forward to talking to you again in the New Year. Bye.
Lindsay Hall: Adam it’s Lindsay yeah, that works with 30% .Adam Graf – Cowen & Co.: Okay. Very good thank you guys.
Lindsay Hall: No because you know that when we pay dividend out of Cerro Negro you can imagine how we finance Cerro Negro is not debt equity. So for the first many years of Cerro Negro we are taking the cash out through repayment of loans so that won’t attract any tax.
Lindsay Hall: No, Brian it’s Lindsay. We build that into our whatever we do it I think you are talking about impairment test and we – we are fine Brian fine.
Lindsay Hall: Harry, it’s Lindsay I mean obviously we have to – the payment is due in August ‘ 14 so we’ll make that decision but if gold prices stay where they are at today 1,300 or whatever they are settling on today. We do have capital flexibility but probably our intention is if you asked me today what I see doing we’d probably go into the market and finance that in 2014.
