Richard T. O'Brien: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call. We'll begin our discussion on Slide 3. Q3 was another solid quarter of delivering balanced performance from our operating portfolio. For the quarter, we reported positive results in 2 regions: in Nevada, resulting from higher grades and higher leach tonnage; and at Yanacocha, where recoveries and grades were higher than expected. These positives were partially offset, as announced in October with our production and sales results, with some challenges in our APAC region, primarily at the Tanami mine and Boddington in Australia. Gary will discuss our operating results in greater detail a bit later. We remain on-track to meet full year production guidance for 2012, although likely at the low end of the 5 million to 5.1 million ounce range. Primarily due to the slightly lower estimated production levels, we've also narrowed our CAS outlook range for the year to between $650 and $675 per ounce, and it's likely we'll end up towards the higher end of that range. We continue to make progress on reducing our total cost, as we spoke with you about at our Investor Day in May. The value enhancement program is designed to identify and eliminate redundancies and efficiencies -- and inefficiencies, sorry, throughout our company to provide increased financial returns. We continue to focus not only on reducing the upward trend in our operating cost, but in all other areas of the business as well. While this focus is not new for us, we have several new and/or growing capabilities in this area. Recent advances in consolidating our existing ERP platforms into one platform will, over time, eliminate some of the current duplication we have in regional and corporate functional overheads. That consolidation will also allow us to move into a shared service environment for many of those functions, providing a highly leverage-able model that will increase how efficiently we can support our operating team. Gary Goldberg, our President and COO, has already brought a renewed effort into more effectively and efficiently delivering the substantial technical capabilities that reside in Newmont, while also demanding stronger technical foundations so that we can deliver more predictable mine planning models and more closely connect those models to expected cash flow from our business models. In our exploration area, we will continue to target annual reserve additions to offset depletion while spending less than we did in 2011 and improving our returns from that portion of the business. And finally, in our projects area, our value assurance group, under Russell Ball and Tom McCulley's leadership, is delivering new capabilities to evaluating our project portfolio, allowing us to cut out earlier projects that don't make economic sense, and to more fully evaluate the potential risks and opportunities of those projects where we continue to invest. Russell can talk some more about the progress we're making on reducing costs in a moment. While it's clearly a step in the right direction to reduce our capital spending, G&A, exploration and advanced project costs in 2012, as we're doing, we acknowledge this is just a start, and we will come out with additional cost savings targets next year. On to Slide 4. Earlier this week, we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.35 per share based on last quarter's average P.M. Gold Fix of $1,652 per ounce. At our current share price, this equates to a yield of roughly 2.5%. So far this year, we've paid out approximately $520 million, which is 62% more than we did for the same period last year. So we are focused on profitable production, disciplined returns and returning capital to shareholders. And from a return of capital standpoint, our gold price-linked dividend provides leverage without the cost of holding physical gold or ETFs. And the payout structure benefits shareholders as the price of gold rises, providing additional leverage to the gold price without the cost of owning physical gold or ETFs. And we believe that the price of gold can and will go higher, which will lead to a greater payout for our shareholders. And on that note, I'll turn it over to Russell Ball.
Richard T. O'Brien: Thanks, Gary and Russell. Turning to the final slide, our operating team remains focused on the safety of our people, delivering operational performance within our 2012 outlook and on improving the efficiency of our mines. At the same time, we're continuing to optimize and refine our project development efforts and plans to ensure that we're building profitable mines that generate real returns and free cash flow. As Gary mentioned earlier, our Akyem project in Ghana is an excellent example of the kind of project execution and quality we're striving for throughout our portfolio. Akyem continues to progress well and is expected to be a cornerstone in our growing business presence in Ghana. We also remain focused on leading the industry in generating returns and returning capital back to where it belongs, with our shareholders, backed by one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. Our leadership in these areas is a testament to the quality of our people, and I'd like to thank each one of them for their tireless commitment to our business. With that, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Richard T. O'Brien: I would just add to that, we had a constitutional court case where the Minister of Finance who was trying to secure the right through, as Russell mentioned, a government agency under the finance group to buy this for the central government. And that constitutional case went against the Minister of Finance and the President, suggesting that he needed to get approval from Parliament to allow that purchase. So we were waiting patiently for that constitutional court to take place. It did. And now, the Minister of Finance and his team have asked for an extension to consider their next steps, which could include seeking approval from Parliament or some other agency making the purchase or some other way. And as Russ said, we're just going to continue to work through it.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, I would say discussions with the government are progressing and the focus is continuing to be on trying to finalize the terms and conditions around the mineral agreement and the amount of property that goes -- that, that mineral agreement covers. And I would say that the discussions are proceeding. That's really where we are right now.
Richard T. O'Brien: We'll have to see. I think that the government is focused on this, as are we. But as you can imagine, there's any number of things that the government has to face in their daily lives as do we, so we'll just see how it goes and how terms and conditions work out.
Richard T. O'Brien: I'd just like to thank everyone for attending today, and your continued and ongoing interest in Newmont, and we look forward to talking to you after the fourth quarter. So thanks, everyone, for attending, and thanks to the team for delivering.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks, John. I think Nevada, as I said in the presentation, has been really the cornerstone for our business. We continue to make investments. We've got the development of the shaft at Leeville, which will allow us -- basically it's a ventilation shaft that allows us to extend access into different parts of the ore body and to slightly increase production over time. We're making the investment in the Phoenix copper leach. And then I mentioned also, Long Canyon and the future that, that represents. That's out a bit in time as we've presented in the past in different meetings, but still see Nevada as a major part of our overall portfolio going forward.
Gary J. Goldberg: I see, at this stage and we'll run through details, obviously, early next year as we look at outlook for '13 and then talk further beyond that. But in the 1.5 million to 2 million ounce range going forward out through 2020.
Gary J. Goldberg: No, I think, Richard, you've covered the overall picture quite well. I think the focus that we're taking out in the operations is to look at total cost, a little bit what Russell said before and re-emphasize the points that we made from our May Investor Day. It's not just looking at CAS or looking at sustaining capital, you've got to look at the whole picture and you got to look at getting effective and efficient returns from that capital. So we're going through that process in detail with each of the regions going through what their plans are, understanding what's in there. There is an -- you can make some cuts today and that will hurt you tomorrow if you don't make sure you do the right investments. So I think it's important, I mean, not just randomly cut, that we go through in detail in the process that we're going through to make sure we're making the right investments.
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure thing. The team and I have been through this with Tom Kerr and the team as they put their plans together. Some of it is related to grade and timing of when the grade is and some of the throughput. I mentioned the additional throughput that we're getting, the business excellence program that, that's delivered, and that's looking very sustainable. So while they know it's a stretch, they also are committed to achieving those targets. And they've explained to me where they see that they can achieve that.
Gary J. Goldberg: It's really out of both. I could -- without going into all the specifics of the plant sites, I think Russell mentioned even some of the higher-grade ores that we held back at Phoenix that will be coming through as we've got that copper circuit online there. So it's really in all the places. Midas would be probably the one place we'd probably see a little bit of a downturn, but in the overall scheme of things, it's not a large contributor.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes, that's what we're targeting, and that's a combination, sustained mill throughput, obviously, through the quarter. But we're seeing higher grades as we expected to come into higher grades here in the fourth quarter. So both of those will contribute to achieving that.
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure thing. I'll take that one, David. Subika underground, we had a couple things there. One is making sure we get the appropriate exploration permits. That hasn't been an issue, we've got those permits now, but also understanding the water balance. And as we develop an underground mine that draws down more of the water resource and just understanding completely what the effects are in the region and how we're going to process and handle that water is a critical piece in this stage. So those are some things we're working on. More importantly though is how does it fit into the overall regional expansion. We've got the Ahafo 2x plus mill expansion. Basically putting in an additional 1 or 2 sag mills. We're still going through accessing what's the right sequence to bring that on. But that looks to be like the next most attractive way of expanding our production at Ahafo. So it's really making sure we've got the right sequence. The other piece, and I didn't really talk about it, is how Ahafo North fits into that and whether we fit that in and process it through our existing mill facilities or the facilities there at Ahafo or whether we develop facilities right near the deposit at Ahafo North. So a lot of options that we're looking at, we want to make sure that we've really gone through, done the exercise and work to bring it forward. And then when is the right time to bring Subika underground in? Clearly, higher grade but also higher cost when you go underground. So we want to make sure we get the balance right as we bring that into the portfolio.
Gary J. Goldberg: That's fine, Adam. It's just really more a matter of timing. We had more mill ore and less leach ore during the quarter and we're going to see that reverse here in the fourth quarter.
Gary J. Goldberg: It basically stays flat, Adam, through the next 3 years. There's some other mechanisms that kick in. We also have to keep an eye on what happens with the Australian political situation because the opposition party there has a different view on that. So that's another one to keep an eye on.
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure thing, Richard. Yes, we're looking at a variety of options both mill and leach, as we start the project up. As I said, the drilling continues to confirm what we expected there for potential for the ore body but still more drilling to go through. And current estimates have us in the 200,000 to 300,000 ounce per year range in the first 5 years of production.
Gary J. Goldberg: We'll give more detail early next year when we give the guidance but part of the reduction in force that we went through is really resetting and looking at levelizing the production out for the next 3 to 4 years if you look at what the remaining reserve is at Yanacocha. So we'll get into the details on that when we give guidance early next year.
Russell D. Ball: Yes, sure, Richard. John, it's an interesting question, and when we -- we do tend to look at, you're right, we can't adopt IFRS and that makes, I guess, us and Freeport a little different to some of our peers in the business. We do look at it, and it depends where you are in the mine, so it's very difficult to put one number. But think somewhere around $30 to $50 an ounce from a CAS perspective. And if we just look at Batu Hijau for this quarter, we would've seen about a $140 million to $150 million increase in operating cash flow. That would have obviously been offset against higher capital as we move it over from the income statement essentially to the -- or from working capital, up into capital. So at the end of the day, there is no free lunch and the accounting does create some noise, certainly from an income statement perspective and that's why we or at least I tend to focus a little bit more maybe on the cash flow than the income statement. But at the end of the day, it's in the total costs of production. And as we talked about with you all in May, the focus for us is really on total cost of production. So whether it shows up in CAS or deferred stripping or sustaining capital, it gets in the total cost of production. So you're right, there is some noise on an income statement. Think about it as $30 to $50 an ounce higher than where we would be under an IFRS environment. But that does move depending on the type of ore bodies here and obviously, a bigger issue for open pits. So yes, $30 and $50 and for this quarter at Batu Hijau alone, $140-odd million have ended up higher operating cash flow under that reporting.
Russell D. Ball: So Dave, it's Russ. If you think about it, we still had some of the spillover impact from the vent shaft repairs this quarter and we just had the Emigrant go into commercial production at the end of August, if memory serves. So you're going to see that run out. And as I mentioned, we do see some good grades sitting ahead of the crusher at Phoenix. So Nevada has historically delivered on their portfolio and we have no reason to believe that the numbers we put in front of you are not going to deliver on this quarter.
Russell D. Ball: Dave, it's Russell. Maybe I'll take that one. We have been in negotiations for a protracted time on the 7% with an agency of the government. We have a price agreed, I think $245 million-odd. We continue to work through that. I don't see that closing anytime soon for a number of reasons. So I suspect we will be at the 48.5% for most of 2013, quite frankly. We continue to have ongoing discussions with the government of Indonesia, but there hasn't been a lot of progress. And as you've seen, we've extended it for the fourth time, if memory serves, and I suspect there'll be a fifth.
Russell D. Ball: Yes. The suit -- and we're not a party to the suit. I've read some of the documentation around it. We aren't caught up in some of the more onerous provisions that this group is objecting to. We have a small, very small part of our business that is impacted by that regulation or requirements and we feel, to the discussion we had the last time this issue came up, it's really a de minimis requirement for us. We intend to comply. It's not a big onerous requirement and we will be reporting, as Richard said, based on the new regulations, which come into effect, I think, for the year ended '13.
Russell D. Ball: Yes, Adam, I'll take a stab at that. Clearly, we've seen a pullback there and I think, Western Australia, in particularly, was probably the hardest region around the world so they have maybe, the most opportunity to come back to where the rest of the field is. We have not seen this slowdown impact, for example, commodity spend yet. And I say yet and there is a big question mark, whether it's on China or on Europe, what the global macro picture is going to be. But our biggest commodity cost outside of labor is diesel fuel. We'll spend about $700 million a year on diesel and you can see that picture pretty readily. The labor component for us is around 50%, depending on which region you're in. And I'll say that the pressure is still upward, and maybe at slightly lower rates than we have seen over the last 4, 5 years. I don't believe that you'll see labor rates stay flat or come down, quite frankly, in this environment. So I think our planning assumption across the portfolio is around 5% to 7%. That will give you an indication of how we think about that labor cost pressure, certainly less than it was 1 year or 2 years ago, but still challenged in a number of regions where we operate.
Russell D. Ball: Nevada is actually one of the more benign locations, and I think that's a function of the U.S. economy in general and the particular situation in Nevada, but somewhere around 3% to 4%.
Russell D. Ball: We just had some discussions with some of our larger vendors and I'll say their perspective is still in the 5% to 10% range.
Russell D. Ball: It varies certainly by region but for the portfolio, somewhere between 5% and 10%. Again, you have to get into some of the details around which pieces of equipment. You're talking about tires, for example, so we're seeing a lot of pressure through the price of rubber. Cyanide, another example where it's a derivative of the ag industry. So when corn prices are up, we tend to pay more for some of those inputs. So you really have to dig into the granularity, but 5% to 7% is a reasonable number.
Russell D. Ball: Yes. And if you look at our operations in Australia, the biggest impact of that is felt at Boddington, just given the nature of some of the smaller underground mines. Somewhere around $40 an ounce increase in CAS for this year as a result of that carbon tax. So we do feel it, like the other competitors in Australia. Boddington is really the 800-pound gorilla from our perspective when you look at our assets down there, somewhere around $40 an ounce at current pricing.
