Lindsay Hall: Thanks George. With Cerro Negro declaring commercial production January 1, all sales for the first quarter and now that's a 827,500 ounces compared to sales of 708,000 ounces in the previous quarter. Effective January 1, proceeds from the sale of Cerro Negro metals have been recognized as revenues with expenditures incurred during production recognized as expenses. The excess gold sales over production during the quarter was primarily due to the gold ounces produced at Cerro Negro prior to January 1 which we then sold in the first quarter 2015. Also at Éléonore we declared commercial production April 1 to the 32,500 pre-initiating ounces produced at Éléonore are not reflected in gold sales revenues, more consolidate net earnings but rather the net proceeds are credited to the cost of building the mine. Total byproduct cash cost were $585 per gold ounce consistent with 589 in the prior quarter. We also realized an average full price $1,217 per ounce for the quarter. Adjusted net earnings totaled $12 million or $0.01 per share for the quarter compared to $55 million or $0.07 per share in the previous quarter. The decrease in adjusted net earnings was due primarily to the lower margin on gold that will slow the Cerro Negro in the first quarter but produced during commissioning in 2014. During the quarter we also saw higher depletion in depreciation expense with Cerro Negro and production and a higher effective tax rate due to higher taxes in Mexico. First quarter depreciation was $440 per ounce but it is expected to decline over the remainder of the year to our guided amount of $390 per ounce. Our reported net loss of $87 million or $0.11 per share translates into an adjusted net earnings of $12 million or $0.01 per share primarily due to the add back of foreign exchange losses. Further details reconcile the actual to adjusted net earnings are provided on page 38 of our MD&A.  Our effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings for the first quarter is 66%. The increase in the effect of tax rate was a result of non-deductible payments made and for foreign exchange losses incurred. The calculation of the effect of tax rate is up on the webcast to give you some [promise] of our calculation. Excluding impacts of foreign exchange on deferred third tax assets and liability the company now expects an annual effective tax rate of 45% in 2015 on adjusted net earnings, implying a 39% rate for the rest of the year. Turning to provisional pricing, we had a negative $0.4 million provisional pricing impact at Peñasquito and a negative $2 million at Alumbrera. The provisional sales at March 31 at Peñasquito includes 98,900 ounces of gold priced at $1,183 per ounce, 3.3 million ounces of silver at $16.62 per ounce, 53 million pounds of zinc priced at $0.94 per pound, and 24 million pounds of lead priced at $0.82 per pound. While at Alumbrera we have 19,800 ounces of gold priced at $1,188 per ounce and 19,019 million pounds of copper priced at $2.75 per pound. All-in sustaining costs for the first quarter were $885 per ounce compared to $1,035 per ounce in the prior quarter. The decrease is mainly due to higher gold sales volume and lower sustaining capital expenditures in the quarter. The company continued to generate strong adjusted cash flows from operations that amounted to $366 million or $0.45 per share compared to $337 million or $0.41 per share in the prior quarter. The improved adjusted operating cash flow for the quarter primarily resulted from the contributions in Cerro Negro for the first time after declaring commercial production January 1. We also invested $408 million at both our operating mines and projects and paid a $122 million of dividend this quarter. Sustaining capital expenditures were lower this quarter and will increase during the year while expansion capital of first quarter was higher due to economy 2014 capital in 2015. As part of our strategy to focus on full assets within our portfolio during the first quarter of 2015 with dispersive work and receive proceeds of $98 million. We also completed the acquisition of gold mine, which is reflected to be a new source and low cost, high quality gold production supporting plant.  Seeking new account of $410 million in cash and approximately $9.9 billion available on revolving credit facility, the company has a required liquidity to meet our future cash needs. With that I'll turn it back to your operator for questions.
Lindsay Hall: As you know that we had something of the order of 115,000 of ounces of inventory at Cerro Negro at the end of 2014 and certainly sold that in the first quarter goes out since that higher the inventory of those ounces have higher cost because of the commissioning period. But we actually obviously sold both during the first quarter. So that to our cost in the first quarter will go away in the remaining quarters as we're adding new production at the new cost rather than inventory being sold that had pre-commissioning cost attached to it.
Lindsay Hall: Yes, with some of the tax payments probably relate to tax draw -- this is Lindsay speaking. Those bounce around a bit, I think if there's something different it gets lumpy in the working capital that you and I are talking about. It’s really the timing of receipt of the concentrate payments and then it's just overly large shipments made at the tail end of 2014 but it should reverse obviously over the course of the year with the capital.
Lindsay Hall: Yes Jorge, you will admit that we're pretty comfortable with our balance sheet after drilling those mines and are very comfortable with the balance sheet and if you look at the result of drilling those mines. We also have an increasing production profile and a platform price so rather would been from a CFO point of view I rather be at that position today than not building those mines and completing building the mines which we have done today.
Lindsay Hall: No, we didn't Tony. We just had, obviously the inventory at December 31, 2014 were higher and that went through the P&L in the first quarter but -- we certainly have sold that inventory and the new inventory that's being produced will be sold at a lower cost. 
Lindsay Hall: Hi, this is high scoring on the revolver, Tanya you're right as the receivables are on the Peñasquito concentrate of receipt, I expect that revolver to decline throughout the rest of the year and we will pay it back.
Lindsay Hall: Assuming spot prices and assuming a lot of guidance I think certainly I would be hoping that I could bring that $300 million draw that we made in the first quarter down to back to maybe between zero and a 100, so I'd for sure pay back the 200 million, somewhere between a 100 and 0 number might be the result, seeing that we didn’t contemplate necessarily when we closed the probe acquisition we had come with $39 to buy those shares to start the transaction as you know we used the company shares to make the major acquisitions. But there was 39 million of cost outflows so that was some of the things that were -- maybe we didn’t contemplate that right off the start when we budgeted the year but this is the highest scoring part of the quarter obviously or the year of course for this quarter.
Lindsay Hall: Yes well obviously when you look at the balance sheet Tanya, you have very little as we would long term debt 2.5 billion. We also have some new payments obviously on the [indiscernible] debt we pay down and actually pay down. So I think it's our revolver at 1,140 today I would target around 700, 800 by the end of the year and then we have to just look at what that [indiscernible] to actually finance working capital and we're always looking at ways of financing the company, but it have a very low actual debt to cap structure already so we can afford more debt but we choose not to do that actually.
Lindsay Hall: Yes that’s the case and I don’t think nearly can't forget as going to be just said we're also paying down the Pueblo Viejo debt. That’s not is obvious because it's coming down at the same time.
Chuck Jeannes: Yes let me address some of those comments, first the free cash flow was found quite knowingly and with full disclosure to the market that we had embarked on spending to build the Cerro Negro and Éléonore projects. These things take three four years to do after a lot of planning and one can't anticipate what the gold price is going to do and you can't just turn these things on and off in the mix of our construction activities. And so we are quite pleased that we continued with those we have the balance sheet to do it, we have a debt level now that is near the lowest of any in our sector and have the only BBB plus rated balance sheet in the business. So certainly the balance sheet is quite strong. When you look at the share price performance we absolutely recognize that we did not meet our guidance for 2014 and that put us in a the penalty box. We said that we would make a certain numbers of ounces and we didn’t. We had problems at our El Sauzal mine and our Los Filos mine and that put us off on our guidance and we have been punished with that in the share price and rightly so. We are absolutely committed to making sure that we meet our forecast this year and we will. So I think that the company is absolutely well suited for success going forward and I had also point out that if you look at that share price over two years, over three years, over five years over 10 years we've outperformed nearly everyone in this space. So I expect to get back to that kind of performances as we deliver on our forecast this year.
Chuck Jeannes: I would just add that with the end start up, you should expect to see higher costs in the beginning because we got a lot of fixed cost that were amortizing over few number of ounces. And as we build those ounces up over the course of the year you should see that per ounce cost come down. But don't expect to see from the very beginning a cost that would be equivalent to what you expect for the average of the mine once it's up and running at a full speed. 
Chuck Jeannes: No not quite and certainly not on the mines George you can talk about the tonnage ramp up both in the mines. 
Chuck Jeannes: Yes Patrick what it was is that, the concentrate that we're producing and produce at Peñasquito in the fourth quarter 2014 put that on a boat, give it to a smelter in the first quarter and while it's on the boat, I don't get paid so it's just delay in the receipt of the amount of shipments made at the tail end of 2014 to the smelters so, those funds, that was about $150 million all coming in the second quarter as normal.
Chuck Jeannes: Well we did receive 37 million of cash from PV so it is while you call it a dividend its return of interest and a portion of our shareholder loans into the project, but we actually got 37 million during the quarter, I think it was cash obviously. 
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, but we put our monies in two ways, gross to shareholder loans and to capital and what I'm saying I guess that 37 million payment on my interest due on my shareholder loans which is a form of repayment of funds out of PV for the first time, but it's not considered a dividend because we didn't come back on the capital.
Chuck Jeannes: No, pure timing over 2014 over to the first quarter 2015, basically to do with this new capital project, Éléonore and Cerro Negro but that's just timing over quarter end so actually we're happy with the guidance and that will pull us way through the rest of the year so they will not continue at that level.
Chuck Jeannes: I think Lindsay could talk to the balance sheet and a big part of the need to take down bit more on the revolver, was that working, yes, on the move that he just described and we had a negative 245 million during this quarter and that will reverse, certainly that is with a sustained number. With respect of the larger issue on the dividend as you mentioned we do pay a dividend that is certainly the highest in the sector and as we completed the construction of these sites and you can see it on the balance sheet we've gotten kind of down to the bottom of the barrel in terms of our cash proceeds and so it's been more difficult I would say to continue paying it but we have and we have no intention of changing that in the immediate future but it's one thing that we always say that we look at as a lever to pull as one of the ways that we will look to finance new growth opportunities in the company, so I just have to say, you know watch in the future and see what might happen there.
Chuck Jeannes: Well its great question [Jorge] and the key to what you just said is isolating for the gold price. I mean certainly when you starting building at Éléonore and at Cerro Negro at a much higher price environment you have an expectation of stronger returns. And you know very well what happened down in Argentina in terms of the financial situation down there which ended up running the capital expenditures up much higher than planned and so we had a strategic decision to make partway through the construction of Cerro Negro as to whether to continue doing that or to try to mothball and put it on care maintenance and wait for better times. And we decided that it is a very long term asset with a lot of opportunity for extended mine life and growth and so that we will kind of model through the current financial situation and get to a point where I think overtime that would be a great return to our shareholders.  But if you go back and as you said not sure how you isolate the gold price because you have to go back and say while we wouldn’t have made decisions we did because the gold prices are at a different level and the Argentine Peso was a different level and if you correct for those things and we've only made investment decisions that provided returns well in excess of our cost of capital. So at this point we just spend that money the job now is to apply all of our efforts through operating excellence and the other programs that we have to try to enhance the returns as the best we can. And we think that Éléonore, Cerro Negro and Cochenour are going to be fantastic assets for a long time. So Lindsay wants to talk a bit just for the balance sheet. So let me pass it.
Chuck Jeannes: Well let me say one thing on a more general basis is that I think there is a big difference selling assets because you need to pay down debt versus selling assets as a regular part of ongoing year after year portfolio management so that we upgrade the overall file of our portfolio by adding fresh new young long life mines and disposing off non-core assets along the way. So this has been something that we've been doing from many, many years back to the disposal of the peak [indiscernible] mines San Dimas and Marigold and Wharf that's certainly nothing new is not the flavor of the month for us.  And then on a more specific basis, I never talk about disposal of assets because we think tend to be opportunistic, we've been very active in this regard while and I don't see any need to certainly look for disposing of anything and all I can tell you is that we'll continue to actively manage our portfolio going forward but -- I wouldn't look for anything imminent there.
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, Cerro Negro would be around at that level and I think to be safe same for the first quarter as we saw a lot of -- obviously DD&As on sale so we saw a lot of sales at Cerro Negro in the first quarter and that mix of sales throughout the rest of the year is going to -- when I say mix we're going to have less of a proportion in Cerro Negro sales over the rest of the year and what will happen -- while we're comfortable with our guidance going from what is seemingly a pretty high guidance from the first quarter declining down to our 390 per year, bemuse we see the benefits of Peñasquito Steve, and we also see a couple of things too, small things, it'll be more of that mix in the next three quarters but also we think that Marlin and Alumbrera will come down over the next three quarters as well so that's why we're comfortable but Cerro Negro's kind of at that level, but it was a big mix of sales for the first quarter.
George Burns: Sure so the mill main phase 4,000 tons a day and we've been feeding low grade stockpile that will be completed by the middle over year and essentially the mine will determine the mill throughput. They are ramping up the mine and will be in that 3,600 ton a day range for the balance of the year.
George Burns: So the Éléonore grade is going to increase throughout the year in kind of [gen grade]. In terms of grade Éléonore or body is higher graded debt as you know we're mining in a horizon two and three. And the fourth quarter we'll be mining at horizon four where we have higher grades and that will be pushing up our average rates for the year. We are going to be nearing 7,000 per ton in the fourth quarter to give you an idea how grades M&A.
George Burns: Yes, I mean, I think if you look at our overall production in the first quarter it's low relative to the average for the year and so yes we're going to see those unit costs come down as the production -- consolidated production for the region ramps up.
George Burns: I mean, we don't guide by mine by quarter. I can tell you, I'm comfortable if we're going to get an overall guidance on all-in-sustaining cost for the year and even if you're improving cost and it's maybe quarter over quarter. 
George Burns: Yes. There is some but very little because they were in the commissioning phase. So the costs were loaded up on those ounces, so very little margin.
George Burns: And if I could just add, the benefit of a place like Cerro Negro, I guess the bad part is we start off with a high DD&A per ounce but we also have a lot of opportunity to add reserves there over the years which will bring down that number over time so we've got the drills turning and fully expect to add reserves as we go forward at Cerro Negro.
Tony Lesiak: Question for George. We haven't seen the favorable currency impacts on unit cost in the Canadian ops. I guess some of it should be short lived, you had some ground issues. Maybe you can give us a sense of how we should see the unit costs move in Q2 and maybe over the remainder of the year.
Tony Lesiak: Yes, I mean just looking at Red Lake, Musselwhite, Porcupine and the unit costs seem to be trending higher.
Tony Lesiak: And for Lindsay, maybe I missed it, the answer to Patrick's question on the cost associated with the inventory. 
