Mary Lauren Brlas: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that Newmont delivered a great quarter again with solid financial results. Turning to slide 11. We reported first quarter GAAP net income from continuing operations of $0.15 per share. Excluding $0.38 per share of non-cash tax valuation allowances and $0.20 per share for the gain we achieved on the sale of our stake in Regis, we reported first quarter adjusted net income of $0.34 per share. The valuation allowances are related to a tax restructuring of a foreign subsidiary acquired back in 2002 as part of the Normandy acquisition. Below, you can see a similar outcome in adjusted EBITDA of $803 million, also excluding the gain on the Regis sale. Turning to slide 12 for a look at our first quarter operational performance. On top line results, gold and copper pricing were down a bit from the prior-year quarter. Attributable gold and copper production volumes held relatively steady year-over-year. You will note that copper sales volumes were up 13% from last year as we were able to catch up on some of the delayed shipments from Batu Hijau in Q1 as we had expected. Gold CAS was up 4% from the prior-year quarter predominantly because Yanacocha is now producing more deep transitional ore. This is in line with our expectations. But you'll also see that overall gold CAS is down significantly from Q4 2015, as expected. Gold AISC improved versus the prior-year quarter in part due to timing of explorations and advanced project spending. As Gary mentioned, we expect to see cost improvements in the second half of 2016 as CC&V and Leeville ramp up and Merian comes online. However, the second quarter will be impacted by scheduled maintenance at Carlin's Mill 6. Turning to slide 13 for a summary of first quarter financials. Higher volumes allowed us to deliver higher revenue despite slightly lower gold and copper prices. We delivered strong Q1 adjusted EBITDA of $803 million, essentially in line with the prior year, reflecting continued strong operational performance across the portfolio. During the quarter, we also generated positive free cash flow of $227 million. As I have mentioned, we expected lower free cash flow in the first half of this year, but strong operational performance, commodity tailwinds and a bit of timing came together to help us deliver an outstanding start to the year. The only real difference compared to last year's first quarter was working capital movement. For example, an increase in accounts receivable was in line with the stronger sales volumes during the quarter. We also maintained our dividend of $0.025 per quarter or $0.10 per year. Now, turning to slide 14. On this slide, you can see the primary sources and uses of cash in the first quarter and how we've applied them to deliver on our capital priorities. Cash from core operation, where operating cash was sustaining capital from our operating site, generated over $400 million this quarter, plus we received $184 million in cash proceeds from the sale of Regis. A primary use of cash in the quarter was the $186 million of development capital spent to support our future. This was primarily spent at Merian, Long Canyon, CC&V and Tanami. We also completed the debt tender, which I will talk more about in a minute, and paid our quarterly dividend. In addition, given our comfort level with the local cash position and our overall liquidity, Yanacocha paid a dividend. Part of that was paid to our partners and part to Newmont in the U.S. The restricted cash and other is primarily movement out of cash and into restricted cash to cover the scheduled payment on the PTNNT revolver next quarter. Net-net, at quarter end, we have about $2.5 billion of cash and equivalent to repay debt, fund growth – profitable growth and return cash to shareholders, in other words, to continue delivering on our capital priorities. Turning to slide 15 to discuss the balance sheet. Newmont has lowered net debt by 37% since 2013. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio of roughly 1.2 times remains among the lowest in the industry, and our strong cash flow and balance sheet continue to differentiate Newmont from the competition. We are committed to maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet across the gold cycle. To do that, we target net debt to EBITDA of 1 time at $1,200 gold and seek to lower our absolute level of gross debt. Turning to slide 16 to talk more about our debt schedule. In the first quarter, we completed a $500-million debt tender, targeting near-term maturities and highest interest rate debt. On this slide, you can see we paid down $274 million of the 5-1/8 notes due in 2019 and $226 million of the 6-1/4 notes due in 2039. This action had an NPV of $133 million and will lower our cash interest by about $28 million per year going forward. We continue to target between $800 million and $1.3 billion of debt reduction through 2018. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Gary.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Yeah, I would expect that the – we would spend more capital. We did have a good tailwind with gold price in Q1. And as you remember, our oil price assumptions are somewhat on the conservative side, perhaps, so we could benefit from those. Well, we did see some timing of capital happened in the first quarter that probably will be made up in the second quarter. So, it was a good quarter, but we do see the second quarter being a little bit of a dip. And as Gary and I both mentioned, Carlin's Mill 6 will go down for maintenance, so that will impact the quarter as well.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Yeah. Thanks, Terry, for that question. We do – I would expect that accounts receivable to come down. We had unusually high sales compared to production in the first quarter. We had mentioned at the end of last year we had some Batu shipments that did not make it through to sales. And so, we had that come through in the first quarter. But we will be expecting to ramp up some of the capital costs in this quarter. And the Yanacocha dividend, we don't factor that into free cash flow. That was more of a financing activity of moving that through similarly to Regis.
Mary Lauren Brlas: No, I don't think that we would be doing that on a regular basis. It's something we want to make sure that we leave enough cash at Yanacocha to fund the upcoming activities in what might be happening. But we felt that there was enough cash there, and we felt it was appropriate to dividend it out to all the partners including to us at corporate, which allows us to use some of that for debt pay-down and things like that.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Yeah. Thanks, Terry. Two things. One, it is partially through the year, but also perhaps the bigger factor is as we've spent – we're spending a little bit less on capital, so our capitalized interest goes down. Our guidance is expensed. So, we have some that moves to capitalized interest, and that number has gone down so more of it stays in expense.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Thanks, Gary, and thanks, Karl, for the question. I think we will definitely continue to target a mix. But as we get closer to some of the near-term debt, we might prioritize that a bit more than what you saw in the tender that we just executed.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Well, our targeted debt reduction payment does not rely on these proceeds. That's what we believe we can do from our operating performance. So, obviously, if we did get these proceeds and did use that to pay down debt, we would exceed that number.
Gary J. Goldberg: Okay. Thank you. On Batu, really, nothing has changed in terms of – we continue to work with those potential parties to finalize deal terms and to make – get the financing put together. So, no other catalysts that I would point to other than those two key areas. In regards to Subika and Ahafo, we continue to go through the final steps. It's permitting. It's probably one of the bigger things at Subika to bring through, and the timing of that still is looking for both Subika Underground and the Ahafo Mill to bring those forward in the third quarter, late – well, actually, early fourth quarter for approval by the board. There are synergies between the two. We're carrying them separately, so we understand what each one is individually. But there are synergies of bringing those two together, John.
Gary J. Goldberg: Good question, Andrew, and we're looking still here in the second half of this year to enter into commercial production. We will have a little closer view of when that may start when we do our second quarter results in July. We do stockpile material, and we'll be stockpiling. We currently have, like, 1.2 million tonnes, 1.3 million tonnes of ore stockpiled right next to where the mill is. So, we're in good shape. That's a little over a month' supply of ore that's there to be able to handle, and that's part of the design we have. And we based it off how they did the design at Rosebel as well, where they had the same concerns as they work through the rainy season and the dry season and how we operate in other places around the world. So, I think, with the stockpile, that puts us in a good position to be able to work through the rainy season as we go through startup, and that's progressing really well. As I say, the construction is looking very good. Chris was just down there about a month ago reviewing progress, and we're pretty pleased with how that whole project continues to progress and progress at lower cost of capital than what we expected to begin with.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I'm going to have Chris Robison, who is down there most recently, to walk through some of the work as we – especially as we begun Full Potential.
Gary J. Goldberg: So, overall, we're still very comfortable, David, with the 10% mining cost improvement that we built into our acquisition plans and feel comfortable we'll be able to do better than that. But I'd just say we just started our Full Potential project, and we'll go through that and have more updates through – well later in the year.
Gary J. Goldberg: Well, fair question. Those recoveries are pretty much in line with what we had expected, David, I think high 60s. And then, that's through the mill and then – as you may recall. Then, when you put it out on the leach pad, you pick up another roughly something 12%, 15% over time as you would from the leach.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Basically, we had drier weather in the quarter, so it allowed us to stay in the bottom of the pit in the higher grade part of the ore body for a longer period of time. So, what we've done is accelerated production and moved it forward from later this year and even from 2017, we'd expect, if we have a normal sort of a rainy season pattern. I think the only piece that I'd flag is we looked and we've got our export permit that we've – we've filed our application to move forward is making sure we get that on time. That could be something that could affect our second quarter shipments if that doesn't come through in a timely manner. But basically, I'd see our overall production up slightly from what we had forecast overall, and it's pulled forward.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think it's been case by case. It's still tied to, obviously, the requirements we have with our mine plan, and that part works pretty well. I think the other pieces are work to support Freeport as they look at the smelter, and we continue to work with them in those plans. But that sits within the bigger picture of how overall smelting development and the changes that I know that they're looking at for their contract to work and how that all fits in.
Gary J. Goldberg: No, I wouldn't quite go there, but we will continue to operate it as if it's ours and going to continue to operate it that way.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think that still fits very well, Tanya, in terms of what we're doing. We're actually using a different type of rock bolt, a longer cable bolt in the process. We're seeing very good results out of that, but we're having to go through and re-bolt in a number of areas using this new type of bolt and that will take through the second quarter. So, we'll see the higher costs, as we said earlier, in the first half versus the second half of this year.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think that's a safe assumption. We're looking at financial – or the deal terms as well as making sure they have the financing now.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes. It's really elements of the deal terms and the financing that remain. So, both of those areas still remain outstanding.
Gary J. Goldberg: It's synergies and a bit infrastructure, power – and really, where you bring ore in into the sequence, it's a mine plan element and you're able to shift some of the lower grade out and have more capacity. So, it's grade related. We'll have more details on that when we get to the point of actually having approval, and we'll share that information with you and the rest of the market.
Gary J. Goldberg: It helps a little bit, but I wouldn't say it's more on the operating cost side than on the capital cost side.
Gary J. Goldberg: That's really part of the deal terms that we'd be working through, so I think it's best to hold that question if we're – for another time.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Good question, but that fits all within the overall elements of the deal terms that we're working through. So, nothing more I can share at this stage.
Gary J. Goldberg: I believe that you should be able to find what you need in the disclosure note. Let me get back to you on that. Just – I'm familiar with the loan balances. I'm just not sure what – where to point you to, to point that out. So, we'll come back to you on that.
Gary J. Goldberg: I'll take the first part of that, and then I'll have Laurie cover the second part in terms of what debt we would target. If we are successful, the cash proceeds we would see being used both to continue to pay down debt as we work towards our net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1 time at a $1,200 gold price and then use proceeds to continue to fund our own organic growth projects. We see we have the best organic growth pipeline in the industry. I wouldn't see accelerating, but use the cash to invest in those projects where they make sense, where they're profitable. In regards to what debt we'd target, I'm going to hand it over to Laurie to cover that.
Gary J. Goldberg: What we have is the Batu Hijau production is in there in 2016, 2017, also 2018, 2019 and 2020. But then, we're processing off the stockpiles. What we've not included is the Phase 7 investment, so that's not in the capital guidance and it's not showing up in the cost. It's primarily capital and the capital range we'd expect is $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion that would begin in 2017, if we are to move forward. But to do that, just as a reminder, we would need to have our Contract of Work changes defined and agreed, and we would need to have – as we've done with Phase 6, we need to have third-party financing – non-recourse project financing that would be set up to do it. And of course, it would have to make economic sense and have the returns to fit in that area. So, those would be the three things. But back to your key question on guidance, we've not included Phase 7, but it does show Phase 6 through 2016, 2017 and then the processing of – it's as if it would have been back if you go back and take a look at 2014 and the first part of 2015 in terms of production levels.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Those numbers – I can't comment really on what's in the press. I think, when we look at the value, there's a value for Phase 6 and there's a value for Phase 7 out there and beyond. Those would be the pieces that we would be looking at. So, when I talk of the development cost for Phase 7, that doesn't include the revenues and the value we get from Phase 7. And of course, it didn't pick up the value we get for Phase 6 in the equation.
Gary J. Goldberg: No. The only requirement that we have under our Contract of Work is a further 7% divestment. That has been on the table with an agreement to sell, and the government hasn't progressed that in almost five years that we've had that agreement. So – but I don't see – divestment has never been an issue in our discussions with them on the Contract of Work. We've divested already 44% of our interest there, and that has not been an issue with the government.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you very much. Thank you for joining our call this morning. Our team continues to deliver strong results as we did here in the first quarter of 2016 by driving safer and more efficient operations; a portfolio of longer life, lower cost assets; an experienced and successful exploration team; an exceptional project pipeline and success rate; and a stronger balance sheet and credit rating. We'll continue to build on these foundations as we work to make Newmont the world's most profitable and responsible gold business. Thank you again, and have a safe day.
