Charles A. Jeannes: I’m really sorry Brian. I don’t know whether it’s your phone or speakers here, we did not – I heard something at the end about destressed line of Red Lake. You would perhaps…
Charles A. Jeannes: Good morning, John. Let me refer with the first question. By confirming our cash cost guidance, you should infer primarily from that that our by- product production is going to increase significantly over the course of the year from where it was in the first quarter. When we talk about the grades of Peñasquito it’s not just gold grade, its silver, zinc and lead grade. And George went through the kind of increase we expect to see there over the course of the year and those proportions are roughly the same for what we see for the by-product. And as you know, those contribute a lot of revenue at Peñasquito. And similarly Alumbrera we are down in the first quarter and expect to recover and so we see significantly higher copper production later in the year. All of those things are taken into account in our by-product cost estimate and our sustaining cost estimate in total. In terms of the prices we assume, those are published to be have assume $30 silver not $34, $3.50 copper and $0.90 led and zinc. So we don’t think that there is any need to change our guidance based on current prices of those by-products. Second question, we would have to do some work to give you spot numbers in terms of our returns. But certainly we don’t look at returns on a quarter-by-quarter or day-by-day basis, because we make investments for long-term and it’s just not fair frankly to look at the performance this year or this quarter when we know we’re in a very low rate cycle at two of our mines, and then run that out for the light of the company and improve our rate of return that clearly wold be substantially lower than what we expect. Going forward, we target a pretax rate of return in excess of our cost of capital. So over 10% for our new investments and I think based on the numbers that have just been handed to me, the return on equity would be about 8% for the first quarter, if you look at our debt-to-equity ratio. Yeah, okay. Sorry, I’m getting into some of Lindsay’s numbers that he might want to talk to you. I hope that answered your question, John.John Timothos – John Tumazos Very Independent Research: Thank you.
Charles A. Jeannes: Yeah we’re pumping out of alluvial aquifer in the Cedral space and mine and the new well field that I explored to is in the same basin on the north end of the valley.Steven Walker – RBC Capital Markets: I guess the question is those aquifers are generally through rain water and recharge from surface or near surface waters. What is the – I don’t need another drought right, but I was curious what is the weather, the precipitations and like and the amount of rainfall, I know that we’re – too much of 2010, 2011, and 2012. I’m just curious how the recharge is going and whether do you feel that that is again going to be able to provide enough water for 130,000 tons a day over the next 12 to 24 months, 36 months.
Charles A. Jeannes: So in terms of the ramp up, we’re fully commission and I expect that ramp up the full production happen in second and third quarter. In terms of the impact on cost, really what’s happening here is we’re – we put in the conveyor as the long-term investment in order to move waste, a long waste from the edge of the [mine] and outwards the tailings facility. So what that does is eliminates the requirement for us that add trucks throughout mine line. So I would describe it more as an investment to ensure cost don’t escalate over time, as we have to hauling further and further from the pit. So don’t expect our overall cost per ton to drop, but look at this as an investment to stop cost from increasing into the future.Steven Walker – RBC Capital Markets: Great.
Charles A. Jeannes: The real opportunity for our cost reductions really focused on our operating for excellence program and I can tell you we’ve got some really exciting things happening in Peñasquito in terms of focus on efficiencies and productivities in all phases of the operation but in particular, in the mining area.Steven Walker – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much for the details.
Charles A. Jeannes: Well, Greg, I am unfortunately not able to go into any detail because there are as you can appreciate discussions ongoing almost as we speak and there has been a lot of back and forth and unfortunately there has been some public rhetoric around those discussions and – all I can say is I know Eric is the operator, he is working very hard on this. They’re working very closely with us and keeping us informed and we’re involved in the decision making around those discussions but until something gets to a point where there is definitive dews one way the other, there is really nothing more we can say.
Charles A. Jeannes: Yeah we’re essentially sticking flat with that 105,000 tons a day to 110,000 tons a day into the future, until we complete the water studies and we understand the timing to implement those improvements.
Charles A. Jeannes: No really, it’s just head rate improving as the next phase, Phase 4 gets deeper into the ore body. We’ll see all the metal grades increase and recoveries improve throughout the year.
George R. Burns: No actually, this is George and actually the destress slot is really a minor issue in the year 2013. There is only 5000 ounces contingent on that destress slot. So, a good production in the first quarter as a result of the destress work we did last and it has given us much more flexibility in the high graded zone. In terms of the first quarter relative to our guidance for the year, its just normal fluctuations in the ore body in the mine plan.
George R. Burns: Well not really, I mean we’ve run contingencies as we’ve always do during our budgeting process and we are going to dusted those off and looked at what we would do in a sustained $1,400 gold price environment, what we would do at $1,200 or below. And I can tell you, at 2014 none of our growth projects really changes, we certainly won’t miss this opportunity to look for some belt tightening around the organization in terms of G&A expenditures and looking at non-necessary projects around the organization. And I think there is some meaningful dollars that will come as result of that, but we have in mind what we would do in a contingency basis but we are not there, we are not – add a position with the gold price that we feel like we have to implement it.
George R. Burns: So Q1 is definitely the low quarter for the year and in my prepared remarks the 0.6 approximate grade is the fourth quarter, middle of the year is going to be in between those two numbers is generally the guidance.David Haughton – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. So if I took a linear kind of view that sounds reasonable.
George R. Burns: Yeah if you take a look at our say last five quarters of production and take a look at head grade and recovery, you will see a pretty decent correlation between the recoveries in each metal, and the head grades in metal. So, yes in fact, in first quarter we’re mining the next phase of Peñasquito in top of the ore body, so we’ve done lower grade and lower recoveries going with those lower grades. On top of that, the carbon content was high in this area that also impacts recoveries, but as this push back gets deeper into the deposit, the head grade will increase significantly each quarter, and the recoveries will also increase.David Haughton – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. So it sounds like two items there, the fixed component and the carbon.
George R. Burns: So we’re actively completing those studies. We’re working on detailed engineering. I can’t give you a definite update. But I can tell you it’s in the same basin. We’ll be tieing into the existing well field infrastructure and so it’s a medium term type construction activity and we’ll have a lot more information on that next quarter.
George R. Burns: No, we have the existing permits to meet our water needs within that basin and so this new well fields within our permitted area.
Lindsay Hall: While we don’t have a number for you because the primary impact is pushing expenditures into 2014 for which we haven’t made in an inflation as I said assumption. If you recall the, we talked a lot about this in our MD&A last quarter in Investor Day that we have assumed the 25% inflation rate in Argentina for 2013 with no corresponding devaluation of the peso. We think the devaluation is inevitable but there is no way of knowing when it will come so, we haven’t made those assumptions for 2014. We’ll just have to wait and see what happens, but if you push spending into 2014 and the inflation rate continues and there is no corresponding devaluation, we’re going to see a higher number.David Haughton – BMO Capital Markets: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Lindsay Hall: Yeah, I can’t recall the exact budget. We’re looking that up for you George. It’s about $60 million with the original budget for the year and certainly that is one of the projects that you would look to should you want to defer some spending. And I think that’s far as I could go right now.
Lindsay Hall: It’s everything, it’s continuing the work to reinstate the permit, it’s engineering on looking for all of the optimization, add all of the optimization opportunities we have there, and it’s securing and maintenance of the site, there’s a lot that goes into that, no construction.
Lindsay Hall: That’s correct.Jorge Mariano Beristain – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then may be my next question is for Chuck, could you, and again I don’t want to paint you into a corner here obviously but could you be a bit more specific about what you would consider, right now you are saying the gold collection is short-term in nature and a structural (inaudible) remains, but how many months or quarters would take of a low gold price for you to define that is being of a more permanent nature. In other words, would we expect perhaps 2013 to play out and then in 2014, if gold price is stable of 1,500 that you would affect some of these contingency cost cut plans.
Lindsay Hall: So the tailings pond goes to numerous expansions throughout the life of the Peñasquito operation. So that’s sort of normal. In the early design, in the plant that we’ve constructed, we have no thickeners in the tailings pond and the reason for that was the metallurgical work that was completed prior to production indicated that recoveries would suffer if water was recycled from thickeners right back into the plant.Steven Walker – RBC Capital Markets: Great.
Lindsay Hall: Yeah sure. As you know we had a number of retrofits we needed to implement in the autoclave circuits, and so we’ve now got three of the autoclave completed in the downtime was taken basically to make those retrofits. In fact, we have the fourth autoclave were retrofitted in the second quarter in the – in a really good position and continue to ramp up to full production in the second half.
Lindsay Hall: I mean that just a normal fluctuation in the ore body and the stripping, so nothing significant there.
Lindsay Hall: Yeah, we have some issues with the distribution piping upon the leach pad and that has been fixed and we are on track there to hit our production for the year and back to Marigold, the ore closes with slightly up prior quarter more significantly the grades down and we’re in new fit in the top of the ore body with significantly ore grades and that really was the impact.
Lindsay Hall: The recovery rates will be improving, and tied into our guidance for the year, we’re going to be on track.
Lindsay Hall: Well, our current plan is sticking with the 105,000 tons a day. My comment was that with a new well field that we’ve found, we believe that’s going to allow us to get 130,000 tons a day, but it’ll only be once we get that new system constructed and tied into operation. That’s out into the future our guidance is still 105,000 tons for the year.
Lindsay Hall: No we’re still in the ramp up phase. We’ve got operators and we’re focused on getting into operating phase late in the quarter but we are still ramping up our work force both underground and for the plant.
