Gary Goldberg: Thanks, Jess, and thank you for joining our call. We delivered strong performance in the second quarter, and continued our work to establish Newmont Goldcorp as the world's leading gold business.Highlights for the quarter included: closing the deal to acquire Goldcorp with the overwhelming support of our shareholders; making steady progress on integrating assets and aligning teams with our proven strategy; completing an historic joint venture with Barrick to create the world's largest gold-producing complex; and meeting our ongoing commitment to deliver leading operational, financial and sustainability performance.Turning to the details on slide 4. The first pillar of our strategy is to deliver superior operational execution. In the second quarter, we produced 1.6 million ounces of gold, and delivered all-in sustaining cost of $1,016 per ounce, and continued to improve cost and efficiencies across the portfolio.We're on track to achieve a run rate of $365 million in annual improvements from the Goldcorp acquisition by early 2021, and we launched our Full Potential continuous improvement program at Peñasquito and Cerro Negro. This program has delivered more than $2 billion in improvements since 2013.The second pillar of our strategy is to sustain a global portfolio of long-life assets. During the second quarter, we approved the Awonsu layback to extend the life at Ahafo's open pit mine. We supported the completion of the Nevada Gold Mine's joint venture, and we continued to advance profitable projects including the Ahafo Mill Expansion, Quecher Main and Borden, all of which will reach commercial production later this year.The third pillar of our strategy is to lead the gold sector in profitability and responsibility. In the second quarter, we returned $590 million in dividends to our shareholders; maintained a strong balance sheet with an investment-grade credit rating, and nearly $5 billion of liquidity; and we were recognized as one of the top companies in the world for our leading social, environmental and governance performance. This performance starts with running safe operations.Turning to slide 5. While our combined safety performance improved in the second quarter, we remain focused on achieving zero harm across our portfolio. That focus includes, reporting and sharing significant events that hold the potential to impact safety and embedding our fatality risk management program to test the controls we have in place to prevent accidents and injuries.Over the last six months, we've also been driving efforts to eliminate live maintenance work as another effective way to protect our people from injuries. We were honored to be recognized as one of the world's leading corporate citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine, and the only mining company to make the list for our performance. This recognition is a tribute to the commitment our teams bring to leading sustainability performance and a key measure of how well we run our business.Turning to a look at our global portfolio on slide 6. Our operations are based in four regions and managed under our proven operating model. Taken together, Newmont Goldcorp offers investors, an unparalleled portfolio of mines, projects and reserves in favorable jurisdictions. In fact, 90% of our reserves are based in the Americas and Australia.Sustainable gold production, targeting between 6 million and 7 million ounces per year with another $1.5 billion of annual revenue from copper, zinc, lead and silver production and the financial flexibility needed to continue investing in profitable growth and delivering an industry-leading dividend.Finally, we offer strong leadership and a wealth of technical expertise to make the most of these assets. I visited Éléonore and Porcupine last week and I was pleased to see the progress the teams are making to align and integrate these operations and the ongoing work by the combined teams to make the Nevada gold mine's joint venture a success.With that, I'll turn it over to Tom on slide 7 to discuss our operational performance and recent integration work.
Gary Goldberg: Thanks Nancy. Turning to Slide 21. Newmont Goldcorp delivered a strong first half in 2019. We are well-positioned to build on that performance in the second half and for decades to come.We will continue to focus on generating long-term value for our shareholders by executing our strategy which is to deliver superior operational excellence by focusing on safety and a culture of continuous improvement; sustain a global portfolio of long life assets by investing in the next generation of mines technology and leaders across our business; and to lead the gold sector in profitability and responsibility by maintaining high standards and living up to expectations of how a leading business should operate.I'll end by saying thank you to our team and to our investors for your support. It has been an honor to lead Newmont Goldcorp. I'm proud of what we've accomplished together over the last seven years and I'm excited about the future for the business.I have great confidence in Tom and his new leadership team as he takes over the reins as CEO on October 1st and I have great confidence in this team's ability to build on a strong foundation and advance Newmont Goldcorp's position as the world's leading gold company.Thank you for your time. And with that I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Gary Goldberg: And just to follow-up on the divestment question. Just a reminder there was no need to do any divestments as part of this acquisition and the whole process that we've gone as we work with Barrick to support and develop the Nevada joint venture.So we want to make sure we get in, get a good look at all the operations and projects that we brought in with the Goldcorp acquisition to make sure as we did with Newmont five years ago -- or five to six years ago in terms of going through all the assets to make sure they're delivery as strongly and as well as possible before we move forward with that process. So that's where we're focused.
Gary Goldberg: Yeah. I think Anita, at this point in time that's a good estimate to make. As I say, we're right in the middle of our planning process at the moment. So, we'll be able to give you better guidance on that when we have our numbers later in the year. But for now, I think that's appropriate.
Gary Goldberg: Newmont Goldcorp delivered solid second quarter results. And we will look forward to an even stronger second half as we continue to lead the gold sector in profitability and responsibility. Thank you for joining us and for your interest in Newmont Goldcorp.
Nancy Buese: Yes, thanks John. And absolutely that's something that we wanted to telegraph very early on because we knew there would be some significant differences. I would say the difference between IFRS and U.S. GAAP is probably the most material piece and we'd be happy to walk you through those in a bit more detail. And then certainly some changes between policies and as we've talked about the difference between development versus sustaining CapEx is probably the key piece of it as well as the co-product versus by-product accounting at Peñasquito.So, yes, that's probably a fairly material difference in the way you would have seen things reported at the Goldcorp level and we're very comfortable walking folks through the details of those to help make sure you're bridging to the way we'll be accounting for those going forward. But yes, our goal was not to surprise the market with that, but we've tried to telegraph that there would be some fairly material changes.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Totally understand the request there and we don't disagree with you. However, we are settled a bit by the requirements of U.S. GAAP. so that might take more than just Newmont's desire to turn that around. But we totally understand the thoughts, but U.S. GAAP really requires us to only use reserve life to calculate depreciation.
Nancy Buese: Anita, I don't have the details on that specifics, but I will double-check on that for you. I think it's really as you captured it it's a more conservative view from Newmont's view and things that we would consider sustaining CapEx versus development.
Nancy Buese: Right. So again it's a policy difference and we would be more conservative in that view. And it would take under our definition of development capital we'll probably have a bit more in terms of our hurdle to get through before we would call it that. So I think that's really the biggest difference. And again we can walk you through some of the details of that offline if that's helpful.
Tom Palmer: John, it's Tom here. I'll pick that one up. As we look at some of the ongoing work and looking at some of the stresses as you move into the depths deeper into that mine, we're seeing higher stresses. So we're taking a step back to look at our mining method particularly the type of backfill we might need for that. So as we step back and understand that we've just moved out of mining laterally, so we can work through that mining plan -- mine planning process through the course of the business planning process this year. So, I'd expect as we move through to provide our longer-term guidance at the latter part of this year that we can provide more insight into that. But it's how we've managed higher stresses in that mine as we move into some of the deeper parts of it.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Chris. Tom here, I'll pick that one up. Look, the approach that we take with all of our operations and the Full Potential approach we take in coming in and running full potential at those operations is to start with previous best demonstrated performance and understand what you've done in the past and then building a plan on that basis that's underpinned by a robust resource model is then feeding a mine plan.And then we start to build some stretch in that in terms of the improvement. That's the starting point that Full Potential has as it comes into Peñasquito and Cerro Negro and Éléonore as well as our existing or former Newmont operations. So that's the basis at which we have worked with our 14 operations to develop our guidance for this year and that's the process that we're using to build our business plans for 2020 and beyond for Newmont Goldcorp.What we do with full potential is when we have a Full Potential Program we go through a diagnosis phase and then a development phase. Coming out of a development phase, you then have a series of projects that have clear value delivery linked to them, resources and accountabilities and a time frame. It's only when we have those clearly defined projects in place that we build them into our plans and our guidance.So as I said in my comments, you won't see Full Potential benefits built into our 2019 guidance because that work is only just starting at Peñasquito and Cerro Negro. We would expect to see some of those benefits for those two sites flowing into our 2020 business plan and our 2020 numbers. So we're very disciplined and rigorous in the way we look at our mine plans and the way we apply our Full Potential Program.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Chris. I'll pick up the first part of your question and pass it across to Gary for the second part. We're right in the middle of our normal annual business planning process at the moment. That's the standard process we run through as we walk through that process and present our business plan to our board in the latter part of this year for approval. We'll then follow-up with longer-term guidance and we're currently targeting our standard time frame of December to be sharing that with you.
Tom Palmer: Chris, Tom again I'll pick both those up. So at Musselwhite, the fire damaged the full 2.5-kilometer conveying systems. So it's a process of rehabbing say after removal the damaged structure and rehab the ground control, a 2.5 kilometer decline. We are well advanced 70% complete on that rehab work.I was at Musselwhite a few weeks ago. I will just say that's work in progress and they're doing an excellent job in terms of ensuring that they're setting up that rehab for the long-term in a mine that has a very long life.We're right in the throes now of assessing bids for the fabrication installation of a new conveyor. So ultimately our timing will be determined by those bids coming in, so we'll gain greater understanding of that in the coming weeks. It will be in the 2020 though before that conveyor system commissioned and up and running.We are back in working on the materials handling project. That project was well advanced when it was paused because of the fire, so it's -- we're very much getting the final stage of that project and we'll be moving through, commissioning in the latter part of this year and having it ready and available in the New Year as that conveying system comes up.Our focus at Musselwhite is to ensure that there is the appropriate level of development work that we have the appropriate number of stopes open and then we have the drifts out to do the exploration work to map out the future of that mine, so that when we have that conveying system up and running we have the appropriate number of open stopes and the ability to be able to maintain the appropriate number of open stopes going forward.So I fully expect that when that mine comes back up, when that conveying system comes back up, it will come up very smoothly and we'll be able to hit our -- whatever the appropriate rate is out of that mine very smoothly and quickly.In terms of Peñasquito, as a result of that blockade there were no impacts on the operation itself. It was managed in a -- very appropriately in a care and maintenance situation and we did a lot of maintenance work through that downtime period. It also has ramped up very smoothly. We have been able to move -- concentrate to market very effectively, although as Nancy indicated both Peñasquito and Boddington have a little backlog of concentrate sales from the second quarter that will flow into the third quarter.The concentrate inventory levels by now are back to normal. The mine is running well. The plant is running well. The impact on the second half of this year will still move in the higher grades for gold, silver and lead. Grade stay about the same for zinc. As a result of the 50-day shutdown, we'll see some of those higher grades that we're expecting in the fourth quarter to move into 2020 and so we'll see that in our 2020 guidance as we bring that out later in the year.
Tom Palmer: Tom again I'll pick that one up. You're pretty much spot on. So a lot of the early quick wins from G&A, which we're seeing now and we’re still more to pursue as we move from Vancouver out to the operating sites. There's the quick wins that come from supply chain in terms of rebates extensions for the Goldcorp -- equipping the Goldcorp site. So you just see quick wins in supply chain and G&A, with G&A being the lion's share of that 40% this year.You'll then start to see next year both supply chain improvements in full potential flow, as we start to deliver on improvement projects at Peñasquito and Cerro Negro. And then as we move through the other Goldcorp assets through the course of next year, you'll start to see the remainder of that flow, primarily from full potential with some additional supply chain. So G&A, some supply chain, Full Potential really kicking in in 2020-2021.
Tom Palmer: No surprises from our due diligence. There is everything that I expect to say that we are seeing, and I think there's the real the value proposition of Newmont's operating model sitting and having these six Goldcorp assets come into our operating model, and seeing the journey that we've been on places like Boddington and Tanami applied to operations like Peñasquito and Cerro Negro absolutely have water, and there's nothing's changed in my mind in terms of what we saw during due diligence and what we've seen over the first 90 days of running these operations. There's a need for technical rigor and discipline. We bring that. We've got key technical expertise. We're seeing some real opportunities in the full potential space.I think in Peñasquito, and I'm heading down there this afternoon, particularly the interface between the mind and the mill, which we see and have continued to pursue at Boddington. We see the real opportunities there at Peñasquito. And Cerro Negro is going to be really focused around mining and development rights underground. There's a real opportunity there. We believe we have the skills and expertise to bring the improvements in that space at Cerro Negro, so no surprises at all.
Tom Palmer: To be frank Greg, yes. There was not the work done on exploration. There wasn't the work done on development, and that's absolutely fundamental in either open pit or underground mine. So, as we look at Musselwhite, Musselwhite had one stope open before the fire. That's unacceptable. We will not have...
Tom Palmer: It depends. We have to do our work on understanding the value, but you'd expect the mine the size of Musselwhite with the size of their stopes to have, five or six stopes open at any one time. So, before we recommission that conveying system, we expect to have the development work done to not only have six stopes ready to go, but the stopes have come beyond those and the exploration drifts to be beyond those too.I mean that's a real -- I mean, Musselwhite is our Tanami in Canada. So we need to be out in front of the mining work to be doing the exploration work to be mapping out that future potential of that operation. So that's -- our focus is now that we've got secondary egress is to be in there doing the development work, so that when the conveying system is ready, we can maintain the appropriate level of throughput through that mine, but also be doing the work to understand its future life.
Tom Palmer: It's a similar thing. The thing we saw through our due diligence was the opportunity for us to come in and apply our rigor and discipline and operating model to those operations.
Tom Palmer: Again as we talk about, as we marketed this transaction, there is 24 months, possibly at the 36 months for some of those operations to really get them to the level of performance that we would expect. It's a very similar journey. If you look back over Newmont over the last six or seven years, and we're at Boddington or at Tanami was back in 2012 or 2013 to where it is today, there's a good two, three years of work to get those operations set up for sustainable long-term value delivery.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Carey. So you won't hear us talk about tonnes per day out of the former Goldcorp operations. You'll hear us talk about – it might be tonnes per year, but you'll certainly hear us talk about what's the highest value or the best value out of those operations. In terms of the Cerro Negro, we are moving into a couple of higher-grade zones in – so you'd expect to see both higher grade and increased volume coming out of those underground mines in the second half, which is going to contribute to a back-half-weighted Cerro Negro for 2019. Similarly, for Éléonore you are moving into some higher-grade areas of Horizon five or six that will help back-half weight Eléonore for this year.
Tom Palmer: No, you'd expect the right going through the mill to be consistent going forward. But what we'll be focused on is what's the combination of buying a mill that's going to deliver the best value for those operations that will be a change in language you can expect to hear from Newmont Goldcorp.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Essentially one thing to remember second quarter didn't start with all these Goldcorp assets. We didn't start accounting for them until April 18. So that wasn't a full three months of production so keep that in mind when you look at the numbers.
Tom Palmer: Carey, we're right in the middle of our planning process at the moment. And as I talked earlier in terms of – we stepped back and ensure, we understand the resource model that's underpinning mine plans to resource risk, the investment in exploration we need to do to be managing our resource risk and then building mine plans off the back of operating assumptions that are based on previous best demonstrated performance and then have improvement built into those. So we're going back to those technical fundamentals for all 14 operations across Newmont Goldcorp. And as we're building those production profiles and then starting to move into the cost and so on and so forth, we're seeing production profiles consistent with what we expect to come into this transaction.
Tom Palmer: It's for the Subika ore body, Subika Underground ore body. It is a general increase in stress as you move through depth. So it's then stepping back and saying what's the mining method that best suits that stress condition and what's – and associated that what's the appropriate backfill? So as we step back and look at that we are starting to look like a mining method that might be more bulk top mining, which ultimately I think as we're working our way through that has the opportunity to extend the life of Subika Underground because it will give us access to more ore.So, it's about working through understanding that stress mining method. And then looking at the upside opportunity of that changing mining method. But it's generally as you move, a depth metal body is seeing higher stresses. And therefore we have to think about how we -- what's the best mining method to match those.
Tom Palmer: We're doing that work now. It's being built into our business plans for this year and going forward. So, we would expect to see that incorporated into our long-term guidance, so that we'll come out with it in December.
Tom Palmer: That's correct. So you saw at Ahafo, we're mining laterally rather than heading down. So that's the impact there.
Tom Palmer: And yes, that's the 70,000 ounces that we've been indicating from the Gold Quarry impact from the slip last year is. What you're seeing as take up in that guidance for our Nevada our assets that we just issued.
Tom Palmer: Yes we do. And I'm very confident in the guidance numbers we've put out. We have applied Newmont rigor to arrive with those numbers. And I'm very confident in those numbers.
Tom Palmer: So, in some instances, 10-year, the development's there for now. But i.e. but at Tanami, we have great control drilling out three years in front of us with a 10-year life out in front of us. That's the expectation that I have for these Goldcorp assets as well.So it's -- some -- the example I gave at Musselwhite is here now. And there are other examples where we need to make sure, we're managing these assets for the long-term.
Tom Palmer: We have development work required to meet our production guidance for this year out of those former Goldcorp assets.
Tom Palmer: You will start to see improvement in grade across gold, silver and lead coming through. Yes. We're seeing it in the third quarter. And then you'll see it kick up more in the fourth quarter. So as you're going to see more of that in the fourth quarter than the third. But yes we are seeing that coming through from that mine as expected.
Tom Palmer: As an example – Anita, Tom here. You do have in that development capital number for this year the material handling system at Musselwhite. Sorry…
Tom Palmer: Yes, Anita I wouldn't look at the numbers out of this quarter for those few days and draw any conclusions because in commissioning the facility brings some lower-grade material higher carbon material through that so -- to get it back up and running again. So a key part of my visit down -- heading down there this afternoon is just to understand how that whole circuit is performing including PLP and that they've got the plans in place to deliver on their commitments for production this year from all circuits in the processing plant at Peñasquito including PLP.
Tom Palmer: Yes, I wouldn't look at a few days' operation this quarter and draw any conclusions. It was really ramping up facilities. So it's -- even now where only a couple of weeks even with the big processing plant layback a couple of weeks into July. I'm glad things settled down and so how the Q3 numbers look like.
Chris Terry: Hi Gary, Tom and Nancy and all the best for you Gary and Tom in your new role. A couple of questions from me. Just starting on the new guidance, the 6.5 million ounces for 2019 taking into account the -- from April on the Goldcorp assets. How do we think about that number you provided in the context of the ongoing Full Potential program from here and as you transition into 2020 and moving forward? Is that a number you've largely reset as such and then you'll build from that with any optimization on Full Potential? Or can we still think about 2020 and beyond as still pretty fluid depending on the outcomes of your review of the assets in the coming six months? Thanks.
Chris Terry: Okay. Thanks Tom. And then just thinking about the medium term, so should we expect our updated guidance on forward years from late this -- later this year? And what's the sort of updated timing on any divestments in that prior sort of 6 million to 7 million ounce range that you talked about in the last quarter? Thanks.
Chris Terry: Thanks Gary. And the last one from me, just on a couple of assets specifically, on Musselwhite and pushing out the timeline on the repair work there. Should we assume that that can ramp up pretty quickly in 2020? Or is it too early to say what the impact might be on that year? And then for Peñasquito specifically as well, did the blockade have -- I was just wondering if you could go through a few more details on the impact that that had on perhaps mining inventory levels, other factors around the mine as well just to think about the second half and going forward? Thanks.
