Guy Lansdown: Thank you, Gary, and good day. Here on Slide 17, we've summarized our 2011 gold exploration results. We are really excited to have added about 12 million ounces in 2011 to achieve a record gold proven and probable reserve base of around 99 million ounces, a net increase of about 6% over last year. In addition, we grew our gold NRM by about 12% in 2011, while increasing gold in our earlier-stage resource categories. To deliver these results, we employed 125 drill rigs and drilled approximately 1.3 million meters to deliver our fourth consecutive year of reserve increases for gold and copper.  2012 exploration priorities include Long Canyon, Leeville, Carlin, Mike, Phoenix and Fiberline in Nevada. Supporting the development of a new district in the Guiana Shield in South America, we are conducting extensive development infill drilling at the Merian project in Suriname, with the aim of adding reserves in 2012 -- of adding NRM in 2012. Follow-up drill programs at the nearby Sabajo project are coming up with promising results.  In the Asia Pacific region, we plan to build on our 2011 success at the Callie underground mine in the Tanami and at KCGM operations, while Jundee and Waihi drill programs should continue to add new underground mine life from surface and underground drill programs. Each of these sites have great exploration potential that we plan to continue aggressively testing in 2012.  Meanwhile, in Africa, drill programs successfully expanded the wingspan of early-stage Subika underground mineralization, and we began drilling extensions of the Apensu open pits. Early-stage activity around Ahafo North demonstrated potential for additional open pit and underground mineralization near the existing reserve. Drill programs at Akyem suggest potential for underground mineralization. We will continue with these programs in 2012 as we expand our exploration efforts in Ghana.  Over the last 10 years, we have been a leader among our peers by delivering 85 million ounces of reserves through organic growth alone at a very competitive total unit reserves cost, including ore exploration costs of approximately $25 per ounce, which more than offset 75 million ounces of depletion.  On Slide 18, we had similar success with our copper exploration efforts, boosting total reserves by 600 million pounds before depletion to a record of nearly 10 billion pounds, an increase of about 3% over last year. In addition, we grew our copper NRM by about 11% in 2011. 2012 exploration efforts will focus on copper targets in the earlier stages of our pipeline at Elang and Copper Basin in Nevada.  Turning to Slide 19. We have only had our Long Canyon project for about a year, and we are very encouraged at the progress that we have made to-date. In 2011, our aggressive 59-kilometer drilling program resulted in an extension of the known mineralization by about 25%. As you can see from the section on the lower half of the slide, we have encouraging grade and thicker mineralization that supports our original thesis at the time of acquisition. For 2012, we plan to conduct over 70 kilometers of infill, expansion and district exploration drilling that should form the basis to declare our first NRM at Long Canyon in 2012.  From a development standpoint, we are on track to submit our plan of operations in the first quarter of 2012. Slide 20 summarizes our 3 major projects, which are currently in execution and were approved by our Board of Directors last year.  Our Akyem team is making great progress. The engineering is essentially complete and overall progress is on track at about 30%, with civil and concrete works well underway and structural steel work commencing in January. Construction activities remain suspended at Conga while we await the completion of the EIA review. Engineering continues and is approximately 85% complete. All major equipment has been ordered, and the team is currently developing plans for restarting construction activities. At Tanami, engineering is progressing and main construction contracts are about to be awarded, while the shaft pilot hole drilling is in progress.  Now I'll turn it over to Richard for his concluding remarks.
Guy Lansdown: If you'll recall, the target case was of the order of 2 million ounces. And we're obviously hoping to achieve as much of that as we can. We still got drilling underway. We still got steady work underway. We still got modeling we've got to do, but that's what we will be targeting.
Guy Lansdown: I wish it was 10 million ounces, Patrick. Sorry, the targets that we hedged at the time of doing the acquisition, the base case was 2 million ounces. The drilling work that we've done, the study work that we've done, that we will undertake, we'll be targeting 2 million ounces -- up to 2 million ounces for conversion to NRM later this year. So that is 2 million ounces.
Guy Lansdown: No, Pat, that's just 2 million ounces total of NRM that we'd be looking at bringing in. The numbers that were around or of the order of 2 million, I think, the Fronteer number was 2.3 million. We saw...
Guy Lansdown: Yes, Patrick, what I'm going to do is ask Grigore Simon, our Vice President of Exploration, to talk a bit about that. And I did want him to address the question from John Bridges earlier around the inferred material at Yanacocha.
Richard T. O'Brien: Thanks, Guy. I'll conclude by reiterating our commitment to delivering shareholder value through execution on the 5 components of our strategy. We will pursue growth but not growth at any cost, and it will be growth that delivers competitive returns. Our 2011 performance affirms that Newmont will continue to execute on its operating base, continue to realize its exploration potential and continue to build competitive projects that deliver competitive returns.  And finally, by maintaining a strong balance sheet and generating robust operating cash flows, we will remain a unique investment platform because we can return capital to shareholders while providing competitive growth, delivering ounces which produce current cash flow and allow us to continue to drive the business forward, both for today and for the future. So combined, these components provide a powerful and compelling value proposition that we believe truly differentiate this company and position us for the future.  So with that, we'll be happy to take your questions and thanks for listening.
Richard T. O'Brien: So Jorge, what we've been told is that from the time that the committee began its work was going to be 40 days for them to conclude their work. What we don't know is, at the time when that comes out, how long the government is going to want to review that outcome and when we'll find that out. So I would expect it's going to be at least 40 days from the time period when that was announced. We're hopeful that it's not an extended period beyond that 40 days, but we don't really know. So in the meantime, we continue to work at the site with the government just to ensure that things are maintained throughout the wet period as best we can. We continue to work on engineering and we continue to keep our project team together, while at the same time, Ramzi and Guy have worked hard to reduce current costs at Conga. So I think the best that we can do at this point is do everything we can to be flexible, be ready to go and be responsive to the government when the results of that EIA review come out.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, so remember, I'm the CEO of a mining company. I'm not a politician, so what I have to say is just from my standpoint. But the Conga Project, I believe, is a well positioned, well studied project with a well-thought-out and, I believe, well planned EIA. I think we are doing everything we can to ensure that, that project moves forward. What happens in Peru, I really can't tell you what's going to happen in Peru. All I can tell you is that the president has spoken about the government support for Conga. And as you point out, there are regional politicians who have been opposed to Conga. How they settle that dispute, I don't know. All I can tell you is we commit that around the communities most closely to Conga, we're working very closely with those people. We want to embrace the fact that if there are reasonable changes that need to be made, we will make those, to make sure that we try as best we can to respond to any community concerns. We can't settle political disputes, but we will work hard to do everything in our power to make this go forward.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, just to be clear on that, Patrick, what Guy said is 2 million ounces for NRM. That was the original plan that we saw at the time of acquisition. We also mentioned, though, that we saw a considerable upside over time. And at the time, we talked about the potential for up to 8 million ounces. What Guy is saying is not all of that is going to come in this year. We're going to continue that drilling program, and this is step one and in Phase 1 of what we expect to be a long-term development option here, which will provide us with considerable upside. That's what we said at the time of the acquisition. We still believe that, through all the exploration results we have today.
Richard T. O'Brien: So basically trying to take what was a potential resource that was working for Fronteer, and they had not yet declared yet to NRM a higher standard of potential definition throughout 2011. And the work we're doing in 2012, bring what they had as a hope to the reality of NRM, and we're doing that throughout 2012. And then we'll continue to bring that into reserve, as well as bring what we see as potential resource into NRM in future years. And with that, we still have the full expectation that we'll see 8 million ounces. That's what we see today. It's still early days, but confirmatory drilling continues to keep that right in front of us. So I'd say the acquisition case is good or better than what we had in place at the time.
Richard T. O'Brien: And just to build on that, one way to look at the confidence we have in the Hope Bay or -- sorry, in Long Canyon, is that we've actually -- as Guy said, we're getting ready to file our plan of operations. We've moved that up in our time frame by about 3 to 6 months, and that plan of operations is the first step in getting our permit to actually mine there. So we're actually moving very quickly to put this into both operations, while we continue to explore in the district. And what that says is that we're confident that we have enough material through our existing exploration program to go put a plan of operation in place, to get ready to permit that while at the same time, as Grigore said, moving outside, looking at extensions and seeing how far it goes. So I think what you can read into that is that we're pretty, pretty positive about where things stand at Long Canyon.
Richard T. O'Brien: If we don't get the positive nod from the EIA, we have probably $600 million of capital right now that's planned, and I think we'll look at every dollar of that if we don't proceed with this, this year. There will be some ongoing remediation at the site when the dry season comes on us and we'll continue to work through that, but that will be a small portion of that capital. So we'll just keep you apprised as we see, going forward. In the meantime, we'll complete engineering. That's the only thing we really have planned at the moment as we were already demobilizing a lot of the other equipment at the site, preparing to come back when we hear about the EIA, so trying to minimize those costs but be ready to go. As I said, be flexible, be ready to go.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, it's a great question. And what I would say is that we have really been on notification in both countries for some time that the governments want to renegotiate. In both countries, we have -- in the one, Ghana, we have a parliamentarily approved, if that's such a word, stabilization agreement. And in the other, Indonesia, we have a contract to work. And we have indicated to both governments that, of course, we'll be flexible within reason. And that while renegotiation from their standpoint might look like higher royalties or higher taxes, that there are other components of a renegotiation, which are things on our side that allow us to do things that we need to do as well. So what I would say is the impact on Newmont at the present time, we could expect that a higher royalty might take place in both of those countries, or taxes. But I would expect that on balance, it will not be material to the company, and that as we find anything out in those -- which have both been on the table for some time and we have not seen any conclusions on either one, so I can't really give you a precise number because we don't have one. But what I can tell you is when we do, we'll let you know. We just want to make sure that people know that in this environment -- and you see it across the world. It's not just Newmont, it's not just Ghana. I think that governments and communities are demanding their fair share of mining projects, particularly in this bull market environment that we've seen over the last couple of years. I think that we have to be responsive. We have to be responsible, but what that means is that we have to be responsible to all stakeholders. It's not just about what communities want or the government wants or what our shareholders need. It's a combination to make sure that we can continue to sustain the business, and that's the way we address these negotiations. We have certain rights, but we also have certain obligations in every one of these countries.
Richard T. O'Brien: That's also a good question. And again, I would suggest to you that my recent discussions with the government of Indonesia, prior discussions, I think Indonesia is trying to ensure, like a lot of countries, that they get the most out of not just the mining but also the mining and beneficiation of the resources owned by the country. How to get the most out of that, I think, is still to come. And while that certainly is a law that the Indonesians have proposed, I think they are still working through, and we're trying to help them work through, what the exact impact of that is. And I would tell you this, that if we go forward with Elang, we're going to have to do so along with the Indonesian government, because we're going to need to get permits. And we will work with them closely to ensure that what we want to do, putting money in the ground for Elang, putting money on top of the ground for processing and equipment, combining that with our Batu Hijau operations -- before we invest significant capital in that kind of project, we are going to ensure that we have the right arrangement that will allow us, the government and the communities to all benefit from our activities going forward. And we don't have all of that in place today, nor would I suggest to you does the government. So what I would say is, while they want to continue to have foreign direct investment in Indonesia -- they have to have that to support their growth, I don't think they have the exact formula. They have pieces of what they want, but they're going to have to work with us to make sure that those pieces comport with what we need. So at this point, what I'd tell you is, we have good exploration potential in front of us. We have some negotiations in front of us, and we'll see how things come out.
Richard T. O'Brien: Let me take that, John. I'll start with the second question, which is we didn't commit to anything, so we're not going to report anything. I don't know what the standard is. But I'm pretty sure if we committed it, we would have to disclose that kind of contingency. But there's no way, if there was such a report, that, that's true. Obviously, we will pay the taxes that are due when they're due, and we'll pay them under the current regulations or how they change over time. But there are no minimums that we would commit to, nor have we committed to anything. So sorry you read that, but it didn't come from us.
Richard T. O'Brien: Well, as I said, John, I think that we're not politicians, but what we are is we have a lot of relations with people in the community. We have been working in that community since really early exploration activities took place in Conga, probably 10 years ago. As a result of that, we do try to stay plugged into what's important to those people. It's an agrarian community. As you point out, there's a lot of history there. I think the roadblocks come from a number of different parameters. They come from politicians. They come from local citizens who are concerned about water and jobs. And I think with respect to each of those categories, we provide what we provide, which is we provide a resource base. We can develop it. We can put people to work. We can provide taxes. And in this case, we can take water, which at the moment is not consumable, and we can turn it into something which is and which is more sustainable over time and which is more predictable, less seasonal. So I think we can provide what the community needs. And how politicians and others accept that is up to them. We can only do what we can do.  Well, with that, John, thanks for your questions, and thanks to everybody else for your attendance on the call. We really appreciate your attendance and interest, and thanks for joining us today.
Russell D. Ball: John, it's Russ. Yes, the cash was down. And I'd just like to remind people, we did pay cash for the Fronteer acquisition in April, $2.2 billion, because we didn't want to dilute our shareholders, knowing this was a long-term exploration plan. And as I mentioned earlier, we have deleveraged the balance sheet significantly over the last couple of years. And in today's interest rate environment, we are looking at an opportunity to answer at some [ph] long-term debt. And we are pretty conservatively geared, if you look at the financial metrics, and have plenty of flexibility. But you've seen the cash flow generation capacity of the existing assets. And in this gold price environment, we're blessed with that attribute. As Richard said, strong balance sheet, strong operating cash flows, we can fund the growth, the dividend and continue the investment in exploration off of our current business plans. So a great position to be in, John.
Russell D. Ball: Yes, it's in the reserve -- Patrick, it's Russ. It's in the reserve table in the 10-K. You can see the ore and the recovery and the strip ratio.
Russell D. Ball: Patrick, it's Russ. I just wanted to go back and correct. We have the tons -- ore tons and recovery. I'll ask John's group and I'll work with them to get the strip ratios up, and we'll put it on the website so that people can go in there and model it, to the best of our knowledge anyway.
Russell D. Ball: Sorry, I think the question was, would we consider putting a maximum limit on CapEx? And we consider, obviously, our ability to fund ongoing exploration. And capital does come in 2 forms in the sense of new projects, expansion capital and also sustaining capital. And we balance that investment with our expectations around gold price and the balance sheet strength. I'll say that if a project is delivering strong economic returns, we will find a way to fund it. Probably more of an issue for us, quite frankly, in this environment is finding the human capital to build it. So the balance sheet is obviously something we do spend a lot of time looking at. But in this positive environment, we can fund a number of projects. Getting the people and keeping the people to fund and to build those projects is probably the biggest challenge right now.
