Chuck Jeannes: Lindsay, perhaps just if I can correct one thing that Steve said inadvertently. We expect to achieve or exceed guidance of 675,000 ounces at Red Lake during 2010.
Chuck Jeannes: Tony, as we've said all along, and is the case with every company, those specific concentrate terms are subject to confidentiality with our sponsor partners. We've provided -- and it's on our website -- an average of those terms. I think we called it indicative pricing terms and it's got the payables, the per ton both smelter and transportation costs and I think that's very fulsome disclosure and we just can't give you the very specific details of each particular contract.
Chuck Jeannes: I think, Tony, we're just working on budgets for the coming year and as we complete that we'll be able to give guidance certainly in the new year with respect to some of our expected costs for 2011.
Chuck Jeannes: Just generally -- I just talked to Charlie about it recently. On a per ton basis it's about the same value as the discovery that we reported earlier on the other side of the Penasquito deposit. As a general rule -- and we've only got a few intercepts so far -- but it's lower gold and silver and much, much higher zinc. We've got some intercepts up to 16% zinc. So early days, we don't really know whether that is a trend that's going to apply over on the other side of Penasquito or whether it's just indicative of those particular holes. But that's the initial information.
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, actually, Jorge -- and thanks for your comments. We've always thought that it would be appropriate to deal with the dividend after we saw the big investment in Pinasquito get near the end and Penasquito working. It's such an important part of our cash flow for the coming years and important today and growing dramatically over time. So it's not that the policy has changed since the facts surrounding our company's performance that have kind of caught up with our ability to do something with the dividend. Certainly, being competitive with our peers is one factor but more is that based on an ability to pay and the confidence that we have that Penasquito is now essentially done and performing as expected.
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, we received that cash plus about 8.5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Thompson Creek Mining. I don't have that specific number
Chuck Jeannes: Well, Greg, as we've been talking about for the last little while and I think the way I described it last quarter it was that we didn't really do a very good job of explaining early in the year that we announced to you a pre-feasibility study that had an average of 330,000 ounces of gold production over a 16-year mine life with cash costs below $400 an ounce on a co-product basis. There are no byproducts. So that's a nice mine. But that was based on a generation ago mineral resource of about 5.6 million ounces. At the same time we were doing the feasibility study we continued to drill and continued to remodel the resource and at year-end we were at a total resource of above 9 million ounces. So the effort throughout this year has been to update the feasibility study to accommodate that larger resources, and that means very significant work on the mine plan itself to arrange for mining and processing more tons of material. So my point is we don't have the numbers yet. We're working on that. We're going to be finalized at year-end and try to get this to our board as soon as possible. But we certainly expect the numbers that you saw earlier to be materially improved.
Chuck Jeannes: Well, I don't try to put labels on things. It's an interest that we've made a lot of money on. [Cisco] continues to do very well and we're pretty happy with our investment there.
Chuck Jeannes: None. That decision, that election gets made by shareholders after the vote, the shareholder vote that takes place and then court hearing that will happen in early December. So there's a period following that where the election takes place. So it's not like a takeover where people can tender their shares along the way. It's more in the form of what we would call a plan of arrangement where it all happens following the shareholder vote and court approval. So just to clarify there, Anita, I said in my comments that we've generated cash that nearly pays for that entire $1 billion payment that is available for payment but until the time comes we don't know whether people will elect shares or cash and that, of course, will largely depend on how our shares are doing in the meantime and, therefore, the Andean shares on an exchange ratio basis.
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, Anita, again, we're just in process of calculating reserves based on drilling through the year and that will be coming out, as always, in late January, early February. I can tell you that we're feeling pretty good about it right now. We've had good success, as you're aware, at Musselwhite. We've had continued strong success as Los Filos. Actually, certainly the Red Lake high grade zone, both extending the zone at depth and laterally back up above the current mining levels and, of course, we'll have El Morro in to reserve this year for the first time. But even without regard to acquisitions I'm somewhat confident that we're going to be able to replace reserves on a company-wide basis.
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, as best we know, Steve, it's on track. It's not the kind of thing that the government is updating us every day in terms of how they're doing. That 120-day estimate was provided to us at the beginning of the process. I can just tell you that we continue to work very well with the government, very collaboratively. They're interacting with the commission itself, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and we think that that's gone positively. Nothing has changed in terms of the initial reaction that you got from the government that was publically stated by the president that they don't believe there were negative impacts to the environment or human health as a result of our activity. So we continue to work very hard on that issue and would like to get some resolution as well.
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, all that's happening there, John, is, as you know, the industry is that you just use gross revenues. So if you take the percentages that's the gross revenue that we're showing you that's being allocated. What we buried in there is the offsite costs and the 86, so you have to remove the offsite costs of the 86 in order to get the percentages working for you. But, for you, the percentages are what you want to use and that's the true gross revenues that we're using to allocate the cost.
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, all we're doing, John, is in the 86 we've netted the site costs in there but, yet, as you know, when you allocate on a co-product you exclude the effect of TRCs in allocation of those accrual costs against using the revenues to allocate the cost. It's a matter of trying to match the MD&A on that table with our preferred -- the industry-wide method of allocating costs, that's all.
Chuck Jeannes: Thank you. I understand that the link to the slides was apparently not working for some of the viewers on the call and I apologize for that. Those slides are available on our website and certainly apologize for the technical difficulties and you not being able to follow along real time. So with that, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As you've heard, we've got a significant amount of news flow coming over the next few months around our new projects and 2011 budget and new five-year plan, so stay tuned and we look forward to sharing our progress with all of you. Thanks for your continued interest and support. Good-bye.
Lindsay Hall: Thanks, Chuck. We're pleased to report another strong financial performance with record revenues and operating cash flows for the second consecutive quarter. Our average realized gold price increased by 3% to $1239 per ounce, which more than offset the 2% decrease in production. With our low byproduct cash cost of $260 per ounce we captured 79% of the gold price resulting in almost $470 million in cash flows before non-cash working capital changes in the quarter of $0.64 per share, a 21% increase over our second quarter results. These cash flows funded capital investments of some $238 million made at our mines and projects for the quarter. Also during and shortly after the quarter we received total consideration of some $880 million with the disposition of our San Dimas mine and our interest in terrain of which the cash portion of the proceeds amounted to $446 million. Getting into some of the details of the financial results for the third quarter, we had record revenues of $886 million and record earnings per mine operations of almost $400 million. We sold 568,100 ounces of gold at an average price of $1239 per4 ounce at an average cash cost of $260 per ounce realizing a record per ounce cash margin of $979 per ounce. Cash costs on a byproduct basis were $103 per ounce lower compared to the second quarter of $363 per ounce primarily due to higher byproduct credits and lower YMAD net proceeds payments. An important milestone was Pinasquito completing its commissioning and commencing commercial production on September 1 on schedule and within 10% of our budget. In our quarterly income statement we have recorded one month of financial results for Pinasquito. Our key performance indicators on a cost per ton basis are as anticipated and set up in detal in our MD&A. We continue to see improved economics as ramp-up proceeds. Also, as you know, production from Pinasquito's operations are sold in two concentrates, led and zinc, which are subject to provisional pricing. The provisional pricing impact during the third quarter related to these concentrates sold in the second quarter was a positive $2 million. At September 30 we have the following metals sold in the third quarter subject to provisional pricing: 9200 ounces of gold priced at $1307 per ounce; 1.2 million ounces of silver priced at $22.07 per ounce; 10.7 million pounds of led priced at $1.03 per ounce; and 22.9 million pounds of zinc priced at $0.99 per pound. Regarding the Alumbrera provisional pricing impact to our statement for copper during the third quarter, it also amounted to a positive $21 million. For the next quarter, 39 million pounds of copper priced at $3.64 per pound is subject to provisional pricing. As is our usual practice, you can find all the details of our hedging program as of September 30 in note 10 to our financial statements. For the quarter, adjusted earnings amounted to $231 million or $0.31 per share, a 15% increase over the second quarter. To calculate the adjusted earnings we add back to net earnings from $466.5 million the non-cash foreign exchange loss of $126 million, $15 million of unrealized non-hedged derivative loss, a $20 million operating loss related to terrain, which was disposed of in October, less the gain on disposition of San Dimas of $408 million. Consistent with previous quarters, we did not make any adjustment to adjusted earnings for non-cash stock option expense which amounted to $18.4 million or $0.02 per share. Lastly, just touching on the effective tax rate for the quarter, if one backs out from the book tax provision of $69 million for the quarter, the positive adjustment of $35 million related to the disposition of San Dimas, you'll get close to an effective tax rate for the quarter of 32%, which is our continued guidance for the full year. We ended the quarter with $732 million in cash and cash equivalents and an undrawn $1.5 billion revolving credit facility fully available to us. Under the $1 billion Pueblo Viejo project financing obtained with Baird, approximately $100 million is available as additional draws to fund our remaining planned capital expenditures for the project. We continue into the next quarter with a strong balance sheet and remain confident in our ability to fund development of our mines and projects and the anticipated closing of our acquisition of Andean Resources before the end of the year. Great quarter, really good momentum moving into the fourth quarter both operationally and financially. With that, operator, I'll turn it back to you and open it up for questions.
Lindsay Hall: Yes, Jorge, it's Lindsay. I think it's around $216 of cash. We've received it already. We closed I think a couple days ago, so that's sitting there. When you say marketable investments, all that cash is sitting in cash or cash like, so none of that has turned into any investments.
Lindsay Hall: We'll certainly equity account for San Dimas. I’m not sure that we'll show the production from San Dimas in really what you are getting at, Steve, are guidance. So, no, as you saw in this quarter we've excluded anything to do with [primarily] sales that would constitute and equity portion of it. So the answer to your question is yes on equity accounting, no on recording its production.
Steve Reid: Tony, I know that the recoveries were reported in the disclosures there and you have them by metal. The thing that we've certainly been clear on is saying that please remember we're near the top of the orebody so we're in a transition between sulfide and oxide, so these are not necessarily indicative of the longer term. But I can give them to you if you like but, as I say, they're listed on the disclosure.
Steve Reid: No, generally not. I mean, general zinc recoveries around 61. It was 63 before. Led is up a little at 65 and gold and silver are where we're expecting them. So, no, they're actually performing better than we predicted based on what we had considered a ramp-up as we go through this transition ore.
Steve Reid: As a corollary to that though, what I can say to you is that the concentrate quality is still sitting right where we expected it to be and within the guidance of what we provided before. We're still seeing a little bit higher silver than we were projecting but that's a good thing for us.
Steve Reid: What I would say is we're obviously looking for them to come down and as we get the throughput rates up that processing rate, for example, it's currently over $6. We want to get it well under $6.
Steve Reid: Yes, Patrick, I know that as we've answered these in the past we've always said these things are extremely complex because of which rock type you're talking about and which concentrate you're expecting it to go to. In a general sense I can tell you that the assumptions that we've made and disclosed in the past -- and I’m trying to think of the dates, I think late 2008 thereabouts -- none of those have changed. So, I mean, just quickly if you recall it was quite a table based on the different concentrates and the different rock types and so on and none of those have changed. If you want me to give them to you I certainly can but there's a lot of them. It's more than, as I say, that's what we're building to and as we go through what is, in some cases, partly oxidized material we know that we're not going to get those recoveries, which are based on pure sulfide and so we're still heading towards those and we have no reason to suggest that anything's changing. In fact, the material's floating incredibly well.
Steve Reid: Yes, in general, that is the case. What tends to happen as you would expect with a multiphase pit is the deepest part of the pit will be in the fresher material and then there will be peripheral material where the stages are a little less advanced where we'll have some of that higher up contact material.
Steve Reid: The most significant thing coming in terms of capital is the in-pit crushing and conveying, which is going to be taking place over the next couple of years and, in total, that's round numbers $100 million to $150 million. But that's spread over a couple of years. So other than that, no, we're largely done and we're actually looking to focus on running what we've built.
Steve Reid: Yes, basically there's nothing of concern to us there. In fact, as I say, we're actually hitting more silver than we were expecting in the concentrate, so I think it's a function of there being more silver and it's a function of the grade being up in this ore that we're seeing.
Steve Reid: Yes, we're actually expecting that -- and much as I've explained as we're getting into the fresher ore, yes, we are expecting what we currently have as recovery rates to increase.
Steve Reid: Chuck and I just said that initially the mantles were relatively small, albeit very high in value and we expected them to come near the end of the mine life. As we look now and start to think about a more significant contribution from them given that there's a potential for some sort of block caving underground operation already below the pit, the combination of the two is actually bringing it forward in our thinking and if the mantles are larger. So it's something that once we're now operating we'll start to look at the underground in more detail and see if we can bring it forward.
Steve Reid: We are looking to be exploring as soon as we possibly can. What we need to do, however, is come to an agreement with the local community there and there are a number of residual issues that we're still working through from the previous owners. But it's going very well but we're looking to be exploring through next year.
