Natascha Viljoen: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. After the loss of our colleagues at Ahafo North and Cerro Negro, Tom and I have spent time at these 2 sites. And with the project operational and investigations teams to get a firsthand understanding of the incidents to inform our global response to address our safety performance. In addition to Ahafo North and Cerro Negro, I had the privilege of visiting 5 of our 6 managed Tier 1 operations and spend time with our colleagues at Boddington, Penasquito, Akyem, Ahafo and Lihir as well as Yanacocha and Merian.   Our operations delivered a strong first quarter performance in line with our business plan and outlook for the year. With full potential underway at many of our sites, we remain confident in our ability to deliver safe and efficient production keeping us on track to deliver on the commitments Tom just described. I will cover the first quarter performance and outlook for our Tier 1 operations, starting with Tanami.   Tanami achieved planned production for the quarter and despite the heavy wet season in the Northern Territory that resulted in a 6-week closure of the Tanami track. In the first quarter, Tanami delivered higher tonnes mined from deeper underground and successfully completed its planned mold shutdown, positioning the site to deliver at least a 20% increase in gold production in the second quarter compared to the first.   At Boddington, the stripping of the current laybacks in both the North and South pits, continued to ramp up in the first quarter an investment that will bring forward stronger gold and copper grades starting in 2026. Total material moved increased over the fourth quarter due to improved tonnes mined and higher shovel productivity through the introduction of double-sided loading for our autonomous truck fleet, representing a major milestone for this ore fleet as the performance of this technology continues to go from strength to strength.   Penasquito delivered strong silver and lead production from the Chile Colorado set in the first quarter, as wide stripping continues to progress in the Penasco pit as previously indicated. As a result and as planned, we continue to expect gold production to be around 60% weighted towards the second half of the year at this world-class polymetallic mine. As we return to mining ore from the Penasco pit towards the end of the year, we will have access to these higher gold rate in the fourth quarter and into next year.   At Ahafo, we continue to optimize the processing circuits in the first quarter achieving a 37% increase in mill throughput compared to the prior quarter. The newly fabricated girth gear for 1 of the 2 SAG mills has arrived on site and we remain on track to replace this gear in May of this year. Once the new girth is commissioned, we anticipate a 10- to 20-day ramp-up period to reach full processing rights resulting in even stronger production levels at Ahafo into the second half of the year. Cadia continued to deliver strong gold and copper grades from the Cadia block caves in the first quarter. However, as factored into our guidance, these growths are expected to gradually decline over the remainder of the year as we transition from mining this cave to Panel Cave 2 3. And the work we are doing on both tailings rectification and expansion at Cadia, as mentioned last quarter is progressing well.   Tom and I visited a Lihir in early April, and we're impressed with the team's dedication and understanding and then implementing full potential work. As Tom said, this work will focus on simplifying the operation and being clear on the highest value option that will drive stability through the mining value chain. In addition, I want to flag that the largest of our 4 autoclave at Lihir will come down in quarter 3 for planned maintenance.  This shutdown is included in our guidance. During the first quarter, we continued to progress the 4 key projects we currently have in execution. At Ahafo North, we are advancing the construction of the processing plant and mine service facilities, along with wide stripping activities to allow the mining of ore to commence towards the end of this year.  We are diligently focused on progressing the project safely and efficiently and looking forward to delivering new low-cost ounces in the second half of 2025.   At the second expansion of Tanami our focus is on safely lining the lowest section of the shaft. And as you can see in the photo, we also continued to progress the construction of the underground infrastructure, including pouring the concrete foundation for the crusher chamber during the first quarter.  The 2 block caves at Cadia are both progressing well. We are advancing cave development to bring production online at Panel 2-3, and we are progressing underground development work for Panel Cave 1-2.   With that, I'll turn it over to Karyn to cover our financial performance and capital allocation priorities for the remainder of the year. 
Natascha Viljoen: Tanya, thank you for that question. I think starting off just broadly -- we will see -- we see higher contribution from Penasquito on GEO this year because we are with -- we are mining predominantly in the Chile Colorado pit that we know is higher in GEOs. If we look at our GEO production across the last 4 quarters, we will see that the GEO collection for silver would be around 9 million ounces a quarter in the order of about 28 million ounces or lead -- sorry, 29,000 tonnes and 58,000 tonnes of zinc across the 4 quarters. 
Natascha Viljoen: The only other areas would be Ahafo South we will be replacing the girth here, as I mentioned in the prepared comments and that will happen now in the second quarter. And then after that, we should see a ramp up back to normal production levels for Ahafo. You might remember Tanya we did say that we've reduced production out of Ahafo to make sure that we see the 2 mill streams running, but that will then return to normal production rates after that shut. 
Natascha Viljoen: We've certainly seen some easing in 3 areas. We've seen it in contractor costs, diesel and explosives. But then we've also seen some increase in our scalable cost related to steel price and being also cyanide costs. The other x actor would probably energy in certain areas, we see a reduction in energy. That is, I think, quite surprising for us from 2023. 
Natascha Viljoen: Explosives specifically. And then the overall labor cost staying flat for own labor, that's about 50% of our cost makeup. 
Natascha Viljoen: Thanks, Josh. Yes. As we go through the divestitures and as I've indicated, as our free cash flow picks up in the second half of the year. First priority is to ensure that we've got that -- our cash replenished on our balance sheet. And then there will be flexibility in terms of -- as long as we have line of sight in terms of debt reduction over the next 24 months, we would -- at that point in time, if we were in a position to start to think about executing on share buybacks. 
Natascha Viljoen: Yes. The expectations for the divestitures is that those will be executed within the next 12 months, hence, the conspiration on the balance sheet as assets held for sale. So expectation is through first quarter of 2025 that we will have executed or made decisions around the divestitures. And so the timing has continued upon that. 
Natascha Viljoen: No, not necessarily. I think from an accounting convention perspective and how they're reported from a GAAP perspective, will be obviously considered, I would assume by potential buyers, but in essence, the process of going through the commercial view of the assets and the value to the potential buyers that will produce something most likely different, whether it's up or down and associate versus what is recorded on our book from a GAAP perspective. 
Natascha Viljoen: That's correct. It's accrued on our balance sheet as a liability. And you'll see that the $600 million that we expect to spend in 2024 is considered a current liability, but that you will not see that, as Tom indicated, flowing through sustaining or development capital. 
Natascha Viljoen: Sure. So the only additional stamp duty we'll have is in the third quarter of approximately $30 million. You'll see some additional seasonal changes as we head into second quarter as it relates to cash taxes as well as interest from a cash perspective, those will flow through in the second quarter as well and you'll see higher the reclamation liabilities, the cash outflow associated with that as we go through 2024.  And then in addition to that, you'll see the traditional timing as it relates to sales and inventory changes as we go through the year. 
Natascha Viljoen: Yes. That really depends on the timing in terms of that as well as, of course, pricing as we go through 2024. 
Natascha Viljoen: Yes. The expectation is that this will be commissioned in 2027, and there'll be obviously some continued as Tom said, continued approximately around $50 million a year associated with that going forward. 
Natascha Viljoen: It's absolutely not structural. So from a geotechnical point of view and from a quality of asset point of view, very high quality and no material geo tech challenges for us this was procedural by nature. So definitely not linked to any long-term predictions. 
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Karyn. In closing, and as we look ahead to our priorities for the year, I'd like to reiterate our focus areas and key commitments. First, we will reinvigorate our established safety program and continue to strengthen Newmont's position as the gold industry's recognized sustainability leaders.  Second, we will continue operating the industry's strongest portfolio of world-class gold and copper assets in the most favorable mining jurisdictions. Third, over the next 2 years, we will deliver $500 million of annual synergies an additional $500 million in cost and productivity improvements and over $2 billion in cash from portfolio optimization.  And finally, we will drive a disciplined, balanced approach to capital allocation, creating a resilient and returns-focused future for our organization and our shareholders. From our go-forward portfolio, focused on Tier 1 gold and copper operations, we are well positioned to deliver on these commitments and more routing an attractive value proposition to new and existing investors during this unique time in the gold industry.   And with that, I'll thank you for your time today and turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions. 
Tom Palmer: I'll pick up the second part of your question and get Karyn to pick up the first in terms of the use of the proceeds from the Lundin transaction. So 6 high-quality non-core assets that are now held for divestment. So we've moved into that accounting classification, as Karyn talked to.  We have started a formal process on every 1 of those assets. So we're in Phase 1 in each of those -- each and every one of those assets. So we're in the price discovery phase. And there is a high level of interest across all of those processes, when we classify as assets held for sale, we are laying out a program as we've committed to, that we will work to divest those assets for fair value over the next 12 months.  Our preference is on cash, and that's what we've been looking to optimize value and cash. But the process has started on all 6 of them, and there's a high degree of interest, clearly getting an asset out of a Newmont portfolio is attracting a lot of interest in the marketplace.  Off to Karyn, in terms of your question around the use of the proceeds, they're coming to tranches Karyn then we process these. 
Tom Palmer: Just chipping in there, Tanya the -- getting the sort of coming out of Chile Colorado for the fourth quarter and the hit-back in Penasco, pretty flat on silver and lead, probably that's just a little bit more zinc maybe in the fourth quarter. 
Tom Palmer: And just a reminder [indiscernible] cost too. [indiscernible] cost is labor, and that's been pretty flat. 
Tom Palmer: As a reminder, Josh, we've got an approved $1 billion buyback program ready to go if and when that scenario, Karyn maps out takes place. 
Tom Palmer: Hopefully, Jackie, that gives you some sense of the excitement we have seen behind full potential and the confidence we have in that run rate through the end of this year, the run rate to the end of next year, why we've gone after the upside on top of that $500 million. 
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Jackie. As I mentioned in an earlier question. The process has started in all 6 assets. So we have engaged banks and are starting to process on all 6 assets. and we're in the process of price discovery through Phase 1, so an active interest. So we are getting a good feel for the level of interest in these assets and the competitive environment that we're hoping to enjoy.  And we're running 3 separate processes in terms of -- because they're in different locations. So there's a process for Telfer in the Australian context with a dedicated team looking after that. There's a process for a chin in the African organic context with a separate team looking after that. And there's a process for our North American assets, the 4 operations plus the Coffee project and the team getting after that. Fall being led by Peter Toth and Scott Langley, but up and running and very active, as I say, we're in Phase 1, but -- and quite excited about the level of interest and the competitive environment, which we're presenting these assets to prospective buyers. 
Tom Palmer: Mike, it is both capacity and technology. So just to paint a picture for you, we've been operating a mine in the oxide ore at Yanacocha for the better part of the last 30 years and disturbed at the top of the Andes an area that is equivalent of 3/4 of Manhattan to give you a sense of the scale of the disturbed land at the top of Andes, significant rainfall every year and a watershed right into both the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans.  So there is a very significant amount of disturbed land, very significant amount of water at the top of the Andes. But that water is acidic. So every drop water that touched that disturbed land, we need to capture, process, treat and then discharge to different qualities, so some instances the discharge needs to be to drinking water quality and some instances to agricultural standards as defined by the permits we have from the regulatory authorities in Peru.  So as has been accrued for within our closure liability. We were moving -- we have been moving into the stage of closure for Yanacocha that involves the construction of 2 large water treatment plants over the next few years. That then will treat water in perpetuity for real. These plants are designed to be there processing water and discharge of water forever.  So we're in the building of the plant phase now for a set of facilities that we operate for 3 decades out in front of us. Just to put this into perspective, size of those water treatment plants, we are treating -- we are designing and building these plants to treat 8,000 meters cubed per hour. That is a planned equivalent to treating the water required by a city the size of Seattle. So that's the size of the water treatment plants we're building up in Yanacocha. 
Tom Palmer: Soni, in terms of the provisions that we've had in our closure liabilities. That's all been there. So there's no new information there that's fully accounted for in terms of our closure liabilities for Yanacocha. And as part of that, there's always been the spend to build the water treatment plants, which takes place over '24, '25 to '26.  And then we -- then the cost to operate those water treatment plants. So they're looking at around $40 million to $50 million a year to operate these water treatment plants in perpetuity. The cost to both operate those plants and to construct those plants are included in our closure liability. 
Tom Palmer: For Yanacocha is sitting at -- just looking at my number, it is sitting at about $4.8 billion. But in the -- sorry, the liability pass across to Karyn to cover the liability rather than me trying to pedal the balance sheet. 
Tom Palmer: Yes, for the water treatment plant, Anita, so this Yanacocha has a bunch of other closure activities. You've got to reshape the reshape leach pads and waste dumps and tailings facilities. So water treatment is comparative to that, the total closure liability for Yanacocha it's $4.8 billion. 
Tom Palmer: I'll pick that one up. The things by far away, Daniel, is the tragic loss of Adam Kennedy's life at Brucejack on the 20th of December last year. And as you reflect upon the integration, you reflect upon what things could we have done differently, what decisions could we have made differently that would have effect to Adam being killed that day at Brucejack.  I think, as you've said in some of our remarks as well, I think it's stepping back from the loss of Adam and safety are the 2 areas that we're working through diligently tailing facilities, and we've talked about [indiscernible], talked about [indiscernible] and a little bit around Red Chris so just bringing those tailing facilities into the Newmont standard and ensuring that we have the appropriate rigor and discipline around those to manage them here and now and ensuring that we ship at those going forward that they have the appropriate standard.  And then the third one would be bringing the ore body knowledge levels up to a Newmont standard so that we've got really robust orebody knowledge underpinning our mine plan. So that will be the 3 areas where there's been, I guess, the hard work. I think if I step back from that with the perspective of having lived through a similar integration and transaction 5 years ago. I think when I step back from those 3 areas, I think the integration has gone very well. And I think we had the benefit of being able to apply the lessons we learned from integrating the 5 Goldcorp assets back in 2019 to this exercise, and that's put us in good stead. 
Tom Palmer: So we certainly see the step up through those 3 years. And then back to -- as best you can predict that far in the future back to the sort of normal long-run levels for closure and reclamation activities. 
Tom Palmer: And as we close out our investigation, we will share those lessons widely with the industry so as we opportune, we will. 
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for your time, and please enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks, everyone. 
Karyn Ovelmen: Yes. In terms of the use of proceeds, so the first payment second quarter, the second payment in the third quarter. Our capital allocation priorities are consistent as I discussed in my prepared remarks. And as we've indicated through 2024, the beginning part of the year, we will be drawing that cash as we go through the year. And so the first proceeds would be used to kind of replenish those cash balances as we go forward. 
Karyn Ovelmen: Yes. It's just Thomas referred to, the total reclamation and remediation liabilities is around $6.6 billion. But for Yanacocha, it is the $1.7 billion that has been accrued for on our balance sheet. 
Karyn Ovelmen: Yes. So as I indicated in my prepared remarks, the $600 million in terms of '24, peaking at $700 million in 2025 and then starting to come down from there in 2026. 
