Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks, Stephen. Thanks for both those sets of questions. I'll have Nancy Buese cover the corporate costs that you asked about first and then I'll hand over to Tom to cover the operating cost position.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes. Stephen, where we're at – what's reflected in our numbers that you're referring to is related to what we've actually opened up and disturbed in terms of disturbed land. So in regards to things like Quecher Main, which is primarily on our existing footprint and even the Yanacocha sulfides, which is primarily on our existing footprint, we haven't included anything for those projects. Likewise, we haven't included any benefit from work we may do as we develop those projects to reduce the costs. And we are continuing – and I think that was the point we made here at the end of last year. We're continuing to do study work around water treatment in ways we might mitigate and reduce those costs. At the end of the year, we had to put forward what we knew at that time was our best estimate, so that's what's reflected there. But Tom and his team – in fact, I'm down to Peru later this week to catch up with the team – continue to work on ways to reduce that long-term cost as we look at the opportunities to develop both Quecher Main and the Yanacocha sulfide deposits. So we do have an update that we need to provide in terms of cost to the government as part of our normal process. And we have to obviously warn to where potential things or things could go, but a lot of work is being done to look at ways to try to reduce it. But given where we're at now, that's the range that you see is reflecting our current operations.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I'd be happy to cover that off, David. We're continuing to do drilling off the deposit and still haven't closed it out in any direction. Most likely and as we go through the permitting process, we'll be going below the water table. We'll be assessing options to go underground. We're finding good intercepts. I don't think we have it in today's pack but in the past, we've had some of the intercept show up the geological cross-sections showing some pretty good grades at depth there. So we'll be assessing whether the next phase would be an underground mine or an extension of the current open pit or maybe some combination. The other thing we'll be assessing is the – whether we go – continue with the leach process. We haven't come across any of the complex sulfides that you see elsewhere in Nevada. So this is all amenable to leach. But we'll be assessing whether a mill makes sense and whether that fits into the next phase. So it's still early days in that whole assessment. Water and going below the water table is a key part of the need to understand the hydrology, so doing a lot of work on modeling the hydrology there and understanding how we handle the water and how we manage the water there is a key focus for the project right now. We're still several years away as we go through pre-feas and feasibility with that project.
Gary J. Goldberg: It's really the latter. In terms of going through our investment process, having the engineering work done to the level that we're comfortable bringing it forward for approval. I think permitting-wise in both cases, we sit in pretty good shape. So unlike where we had the delay at Subika Underground for the permit, these have the permits. It's just working through our investment process. And as Tom mentioned, we'd be looking to bring those forward later in the year.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. That's correct. In regards to our overall guidance, we don't see an effect at this stage but would be not far off. The 30,000 is our attributable amount there. 60,000 is the consolidated impact that we see at this stage, though it's still early days and we're looking at ways to mitigate that.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think it's early days yet. We've done quite a bit of drilling and continue to do the drilling there. I'm probably a little more excited at this stage just because we've got the underground development going on at Subika, about Apensu Deeps. But I've got Grigore Simon here, Head of Exploration. He might want to expand on how he sees Akyem.
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure. Happy. It's still in pre-feasibility, so it's early stage. We've given some very high-level coverage in terms of its deposit. That's roughly 50% gold, 40% copper, 10% silver in terms of where the revenues have come from. But we've been really working through – the big challenge with it. It's a good quality – we added to the resource at the end of 2016 good quality copper gold deposit with a very low strip ratio. The challenge is how we manage the arsenic and the ore. And it's variable throughout different parts. Some parts of the copper gold have higher arsenic, some have lower. And we've been testing really a variety of different methods in terms of copper recovery from the sulfides. We've been testing bio leaching. That process has looked very good in terms of recovery rates and potential economic viability. When it comes to the sulfide copper gold, we've been really testing two processes. You can make a good concentrate but then it's how you process that concentrate and store the arsenic safely. We've been testing with Buenaventura and more atmospheric leach process to see whether that can provide good recoveries. That's probably been a little less successful at this stage. We've been doing testing with autoclave technology and done pilot testing in the labs here in Denver and have had really very good success with both gold and copper recovery. So that to me is encouraging for a stage for development of this deposit. We continue to do drilling around the deposit to better understand and differentiate those different elements. And we're still a couple of years away from be at a point where we can make a final investment decision. I've given ranges before of $1.8 billion to $2 billion sort of an investment for this. And that's really where we're at, still high level in terms of the numbers. As we progress through our project assessment phase and as we have a pretty rigorous approach to that here at Newmont and like to keep that because it gets us better results we'll give more information on that deposit.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think we're still in the year to two years out – year and half to two years out, so probably take the longer end of that side right now.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you and thank you all for joining the call this morning. We started 2017 from a position of strength and built on that foundation in the first quarter by delivering 1.2 million ounces of gold at all-in sustaining cost of $900 per ounce, putting us on track to meet guidance. The next wave of growth projects with approval of Subika Underground mine and Ahafo Mill Expansion and the next generation of growth prospects through our plateau agreement and improved financial results through $199 million in free cash flow, $566 million in adjusted EBITDA and a 100% increase in dividends. We also strengthened our ability to deliver our strategy by forging solid labor agreements and stakeholder relationships; maintaining superior environmental, social and governance performance; and developing one of the strongest teams in the mining industry. Thank you for joining us and have a safe day.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Stephen. Tom Palmer here. We'll certainly see our production weighted more to the second half, as Gary mentioned, Tanami, as we move into some higher grade stopes and bring on the expansion project. Carlin certainly weighted to the second half of the year as we move through the mill shutdown at Carlin this quarter. And Merian will be weighted to the second half of the year as well. So, we'll see some more production come through, which is going to help unit costs. But we're also going to be spending more through Q2 and Q3 on explorations, so as we get that program up and running and been impacted a little bit by the weather and our sustaining capital spend as well. So we're working to drive and manage those costs, but I think we will see those come a bit higher but remain within guidance through the remaining part of the year.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, David. Looking at over the years we're mining Phase 1 at Long Canyon, those rates remain pretty stable over the life of that Phase 1 mine. So the rates you're seeing now – we're still ramping up that leach pad, so we're still going to be seeing some buildup. But the sorts of mining rates that I'm looking at for this year and then continuing for the next few years are pretty consistent.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Anita, and good morning. The mill shutdown was really part of planned maintenance program. In terms of the slip in the pit, I think, the fire mechanisms are well understood and we believe we've reached out our fault limits. So we're looking at – as we work through that plan, it's a fairly modest delighting and un-lighting exercise we have to do at the top of that pit wall. It's an oxide material. So we're working through that process. It'll take – it's obviously impacted through April as we've worked to understand. I would expect to see Q2 numbers from KCGM impacted a bit by this. But the second half of the year shouldn't be impacted by this event. And, as Gary indicated, the numbers that you quoted are the numbers we're seeing in terms of impact – still assessing impact on KCGM. At this stage, we're seeing it towards the lower end of our guidance on KCGM.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Tanya. Yeah. At Boddington, in particular, is we're doing the strip of the SO5 (39:48) layback there. We'll start to see that strip ratio increase in the fourth quarter. So we'll see an impact of that in the second half of the year.
Tom Palmer: Yeah. At Ahafo, we'll see some grade decline at Ahafo as we mine out the current size of the Amoma pit, the major impact there. And we'll start to see some Subika Underground ore coming as well.
Tom Palmer: No. There is no real change in hardness of the ore at Akyem. We will start – as you get deeper in the Akyem mine, you start to see the grade profile decline. So we'll start to see in the second half a bit of a grade decline as we move through Akyem and we'd probably move through some of the high grade stockpiles.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Stephen. So Morrison – you're looking at in terms – you're looking in the order of $100 million for the capital cost to that layback. And we'd be aiming to approve that in the latter part of this year and achieve commercial production in 2019.
Tom Palmer: Stephen, we're certainly exploring that. We think there's some opportunity there at KCGM and that even around that Morrison layback where the opportunities for further layback sit around Morrison. So we're still pretty actively looking at other opportunities around that pit.
Tom Palmer: They would be a combination of reserves that we convert and the drilling program that we'd need to do to approve those as the ounces out.
Tom Palmer: Yeah. I'd look at this sort of over the next two-year timeframe as doing further work on what those opportunities might look like and what that drilling program might look like.
