Charles Jeannes: Well, this is consistent with the way we are trying to run the business and being disciplined and not trying to maximize the last ounce we can, either in our reserve calculation or production but to go after calling ounces. So. I don’t think it's any differently if you look at the way we compared in terms of our long-term price assumptions in the past and actual spot prices. We are in right around the same range as have been. So for us, there hasn’t been any change there, John.
Charles Jeannes: Well, I can only speak for us. I could certainly tell you that we sensitize everything we do looking at what would be the impact of lower sustained prices. I think that’s the key. I said earlier this year a couple times that it wouldn’t surprise me to see some volatility in the gold price and to see some weakness in fact because I believe there is some ways some artificial exuberance about international economic activity right now that is not likely to last throughout the course of the year. For example, we look at our reserves down to $1,200 and you would see about 6% decrease only in reserves at $1,000. The go down around 15%. So certainly not something that’s significant. I think overall, as I said, I don’t expect this current weakness to continue. I am still very much a believer in the long term trend in the gold price and it seems to me that all of the macroeconomic factors that have supported that continue very much in place, if not even more so than they have been in the past in terms of the debt levels for countries around the world, the likelihood of inflation down the road or at a minimum of the base in currency. So, yes, I can't say what other folks would do but we are very comfortable that the business will run quite well even at lower prices although we don’t expect it to be sustained.
Charles Jeannes: While we are always on the lookout for opportunities as you know have a pretty active corporate development department and I think we've made, as I said during my prepared remarks, some pretty solid acquisitions that are now in the process of adding real value to us in terms of Cerro Negro and Eleonore and Cochenour, and so yeah we'll keep our eyes on things. I can say it's a general matter. The things that others tend to want to dispose on would probably not be realized on our list. There are things that we would like to buy, but we will look at opportunities that are presented.
Charles Jeannes: Yes. It's hard for me to say, because I don't know what people are seeing in terms of the various bids for their assets. That is the process that to the extent we are involved, which is very limited, we are only seeing one side of that discussion, so you would have to ask that posters selling the asset.
Charles Jeannes: Yes, but it's the inflation rate and so you've seen some movement in the cost at Alumbrera. I do not actually have breakdown as to the difference between the inflationary factor in fact it is mind just getting deeper and that you got to move rock further than you did before, but as you can see Alumbrera continues to be a very strong cash going asset and so it as well has managed those impacts.
Charles Jeannes: Sure. The first autoclave, the retrofits are working well and that gives us confidence that our guidance and our plans for the years is intact. The second autoclave, the retrofits have been completed and that line will be starting up within a week. We are on track to get the last two autoclaves completed in the first half of the year. So things are looking well.
Charles Jeannes: Perhaps I would let you talk to George in a minute but as you know, Red Lake has variability based on grade and at times you are in a low-grade area of the high-grade zone or lower grade. Other times you get into some really nice stopes. So that was the case in the fourth quarter which, as George said, continues to show what an outstanding deposit it is. But I will pass it to him.
Charles Jeannes: Well, you do. The great thing about being CEO is I get to make broad statements about how things are going well and then George gets to explain them. So I am going to pass that over.
George Burns: Hi, Patrick, as we said in January, we were disappointed to have a pretty significant increase in capital cost at Cerro Negro and the large majority of that increase came from what we call Argentina factors or local factors that was the inflation rate and which was running in the range of 25% and the other side of it was the difficulty of importing equipment and materials into the country and the cost and times delay that that added to us, but the good news is that we've managed those issues and our numbers that we provided you assume continued inflation without any meaningful reduction in the exchange rate or adjustment in the exchange rate, so eventually there has got to be some corresponding devaluation of the peso and we haven't seen that yet. And otherwise the guys are doing a very good job of managing and advancing the project and things are going quite well, but it is a challenging environment.
George Burns: This is George. Yes. We've got a few months to get the power line started to be consistent with our start up at the end of the year. we are comfortable with the permit process, but that is going to be changed.
George Burns: Hi, Steve. The first half of the year, one of the impact we have was the destress slot timing and our ability to get into some of these high grade stopes. So by getting all that work completed in the third quarter really opened up the mine in the high-grade zone and that flushed out some of the production in higher grade fourth quarter. So, yes, it was a really strong quarter. As I said, Red Lake is an exceptional mine and we expect to see quarters in the future like that again. We are comparable with our guidance for the year.
George Burns: Yes, Steve. I mean one of the confidence issues is that we have been expanding the well field on the property we control currently and as we have completed those wells and understand the water that will be delivered are confident and our guidance this year has increased. So I am feeling a lot better about things now than I was three months ago just due to that success. In terms of a longer-term plan, both the studies advancing, we are on track, in terms of timing and we will work on our way through finishing the study and drawing our conclusions. So for that you are going to have to stay tuned.
