Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Emily, and good morning. Both those projects have hit, as Rob was describing, important milestones that allow us to assess both schedule and cost to complete. So for us, at Ahafo North, it was achieving land access, which we have achieved. So, that means we can now essentially pin our ears back and build a mine that we’ve built 3 times before. It’s the same mine is Ahafo. It’s the same mine as Akyem. It’s the same mine as Merian, and our EPCM contractor is like a podium who have been our key partner in Ghana for over 20 years. So, we know how to build Ahafo North very well. We’ve hit the key milestone in terms of land access. Our communication towers are going up, lands being cleared. We’ve got CAT gear on hard stands, temporary fuel facilities in place. And the schedule and the cost we provide, we are highly confident in delivering because we’ve hit that critical milestone. For Tanami 2, the critical milestone for us was completing the reaming of the shaft, completing the development underground. So, some massive chambers underground that our mining team has very successfully completed and safely completed. The installation of the head frame above that shaft and the mobilization of the key team, a very specialized team that will spend the next two years in a Galloway, heading down that shaft, forming concrete and then installing pipes, infrastructure and then a separate team that will get underground to install conveyors and crushers. So with that key milestone, we have confidence in both the schedule and the cost to run that project to complete. Engineering is done. Procurement is done. We’re 50% complete. So those -- we are at two important milestones, which is why we held back to now before we provided the update. So Emily, you should have a high degree of confidence in the Newmont team to deliver those projects within schedule and cost.
Tom Palmer: We’re certainly expecting costs and inflation levels for this year to be the same as ‘22. We do assume a little bit of easing in ‘24, ‘25, ‘265. So that is partly a driver. In ‘24, there’s also the work we’re doing on productivity improvement and the additional ounces that you see coming through in that production profile. I think a big mine there is -- that contributes to that is Peñasquito. It’s a polymetallic mine. The gold equivalent ounces stay pretty stable. But depending on which pit we’re in, the gold ounces change quite significantly year-on-year, as you’re seeing ‘22 to ‘23. So, if you have a year of high gold ounces, that obviously helps your all-in sustaining costs for gold. So, there’s some easing of inflation in ‘24, productivity improvements in ‘24, some more ounces from lower-cost operations coming through. ‘25, ‘26, ‘27 is really driven by the low cost ounces coming in from the investments we’re making, Cerro Negro, Tanami, Ahafo North and from our non-managed joint ventures. We’ll see some low cost ounces coming through from the Pueblo Viejo expansion. So, there’s a number of factors there.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, Jackie. And it’s Natascha Viljoen, and maybe the operator feels better try to pronounce his name. We’re part of a well-governed company. I think part of a hallmark of Newmont for many, many years is the work we do to ensure that we continue to develop our internal talent. We continue to strengthen our team by looking for opportunities to bring in external talent. And as I do the work with our Board and with my executive team, we’re constantly challenging ourselves to where can we continue to strengthen what is already a strong team, ensure that we are positioned to address the -- both the risks and opportunities out in front of us. So over the course of these last 12 months, we have strengthened our general manager team. Across our 12 managed operations, we have the strongest set of general managers in my decade with Newmont. And there’s a mixture there of internal promotions and bringing in some external talent. We have strengthened our -- our 4 -- 5 Senior Vice President team. So David Fry coming in to run our projects, one of the best in the industry for project delivery and a future leader of Newmont joined us last year. Four Senior Vice Presidents have come in, all internal appointments and promotions within our organization. And I would argue, we have our strongest operational team in my 10 years at Newmont. We’ve brought in Aaron Puna joining us from Anglo American, who was running Anglo’s copper business in Chile, strengthening the leadership of our technical team, to be able to take us to our next chapter in Newmont’s journey. And Natascha’s appointment is a continuation of looking to continue to build on what is already a strong team. The nature of these sorts of appointments is very long term. You’re looking to understand how you strengthen this business over the long term. So, as you saw in the announcement, Natascha could be up to 12 months before she joins us. And there will be a very orderly transition at that time with Rob. And then Rob, after more than four years in the COO role, will then turn his mind to working with me on the next opportunities that we have within our portfolio. So, this is about looking at where we want to place our organization strategically, ensuring we’re looking to continually build a strong team and ensuring that we’ve got a well-governed stable team for the long term.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Jackie. I think we’ve -- we take a conservative view to gold price, as I said, and setting it at $1,700. We are in a volatile world. There’s a lot of experience that we bring in to our consideration of ‘23 based upon how ‘22 played out and even a couple of years before that. So, there are certainly lots of upside risk on gold price as you look into 2023. Equally, there are a lot of factors that present downside risk to gold price as we look into 2023. You only have to go back to late October to see the gold price was sitting down at $16.50. We’re enjoying it sitting above $1,800 at the moment. But when we sit here in February, we maintained a fairly sober view as to how 2023 might play out, both in terms of gold price and in terms of inflation. And we’re ensuring that we are positioning Newmont to be strong and resilient through what I anticipate will be a volatile year. We’ve set up our range at $1,700 gold price at $1.40 to $1.80. And the dividend we declared this morning is set at $1.60. So that gives us some opportunity within that range to assess how the year plays out, and I’m confident that every quarter, we’ll have some good robust debates with our Board around what the appropriate debt payout is. But we certainly built a range that allows for some potential upside in gold price to play out through the year. But we’d want to see that play out rather than attempt to predict what gold may do or inflation may do in a, what I anticipate to be a very volatile year.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, Jackie. Let me attempt to answer this question by staying away from the comments I made. As we spent most of the call covering, we have the best gold business in the industry by a long shot. We are very comfortable with the foundation that we have, and we will continue to act with discipline, both in assessing any opportunities and ensuring that we’re running -- safely running our business to deliver on our commitments. As part of your first question, when we think about how we continue to strengthen a strong team, we do think about our strategy. We have -- Peter Toth’s been with us now for 6 or 9 months, supporting me and the Board and my executive team and thinking about our strategy. And as part of that work, we have a very clear eyed understanding of our capabilities as an organization today in 2023. I think we’re an ESG leader. And we believe that we run very large open pit and underground mines very well. We understand our capabilities. We then look at what are the megatrends impacting the world, and our company, and those mega trends are coming from society and investors, they’re coming from technology, and they’re coming from geopolitical events around the world as we’re seeing playing out. So, we understand and assess those megatrends and determine what set of capabilities and what sort of organization we need to be 10 years from now, 15 years from now, 20 years from now. And we can do that because we transformed our business back in 2019 with the acquisition of Goldcorp and the establishment of the Nevada Gold Mines joint venture. From that knowledge and that understanding, we then look to what it means to continue to be the responsible gold leader. We then look for what it means in terms of our gold industry that’s subject to those same megatrends that has to consolidate. And then, we look to what it means in terms of diversification, particularly as you think about copper. And we have, as I said in my opening remarks, 16 billion pounds of copper in our organic project pipeline. If we do nothing else, we are diversifying in the copper as we shepherd that project pipeline through. So Jackie, that’s the lens with which we look at our organization. That’s the lens with which we look to try and bring in talent to ensure we’ve got a team that can lead this organization for the next 10, 15, 20 years. And that’s how we assess our business today, and that’s how we assess any external opportunities that may present.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Carey, and good morning. Our primary vehicle for returns to shareholders has always been, since we introduced that dividend framework back in October 2020, to return cash through dividends. That’s a primary vehicle. We don’t have an approved buyback program at the moment. If you look back at the majority of the share buybacks that we have done over the last two or three years, it’s been linked to asset sales. So, when we sold KCGM, Red Lake and our share in Continental and the Buriticá project in Colombia, those proceeds were primarily the vehicles that we used for share buybacks. And that’s typically what we do, otherwise, dividends is our primary vehicle.
Tom Palmer: Again, Carey, I’ll avoid the direct question, but maybe answer more broadly. When we think about a balanced, diverse portfolio, think about our capabilities, we have demonstrated. If I look at Peñasquito in Mexico, look at what Newmont have done going into Peñasquito in that first year in 2019 to be able to work with government communities to address a decade-long issue and then deliver sensational performance out of that operation, beating guidance in three consecutive years since we’ve had that operation. We have a core capability that’s running very large open pit and underground mines. We also have a core capability around social responsibility and being able to engage with communities. And in a balanced portfolio that has as a foundation top-tier jurisdictions, we can afford to balance some other jurisdictions that wouldn’t fit the top-tier category. We, today -- our portfolio today has us in Ghana, has us in Suriname. We’re down in Argentina. We’re in Peru. We’re exploring in French Guiana. So for us, it’s about understanding your core capabilities, understand the foundation of your business and then ensure you’ve got a balanced diverse portfolio that allows you to take some managed risk.
Tom Palmer: Thanks. Good morning, Anita. And apologies, I can’t cover your questions you want to cover. Maybe one day. The dividend is -- our dividend is about being stable and predictable over long term, and it is about using the strong balance sheet and the cash that we’ve generated from higher gold prices over time that now sits at our strong balance sheet. So, as we have those discussions and debates around the free cash flow that you might generate there in any given quarter or the level of investment in any given quarter, we don’t look to have our dividend whipsaw quarter-to-quarter. We look to give our shareholders some ability of confidence sand stability in our dividend as we move forward and not have it jumping up and down quarter-to-quarter, so. And we’ll use -- we will use our balance sheet to support that stability and predictability.
Tom Palmer: So thanks, Anita. If you think about the world we’re living in and the volatility around gold price and inflation. As best we look at this year, conservatively, we think our unit cost is going to be $1,200 and $1,700 gold price. And we have picked the dividend for the first quarter at $0.40 or $1.60. Now I preface this by saying our Board have the authority to approve every quarter. So, I would then point to those key assumptions, point to our sensitivities that we’ve provided. And so there is a circumstance here where the world could jump to $1,600, costs can go to $1,300. That would be a circumstance where we would then look at do we need to think about the lower end of our range? Equally, there’s circumstances where costs could be a little bit better than $1,200, and gold could sit stubbornly above $1,800. That would give cause for us to have a discussion with our Board around what we might do over the course of this year. And we’re making decisions around that range for the 2023 year. We’ll come back and revisit it for 2024 much later in this year.
Tom Palmer: Yes. I think we’ve put a marker out there for you in terms of as we sit here in mid-February, $400 gold, $1,700-- $1,200 unit costs, $1,700 gold price, $0.40 per share dividend is a good marker for you.
Tom Palmer: Nice try, Anita. I’m sorry. But let me maybe come back and answer. I’ll try to answer your question. We spent a lot of time talking about our capital allocation hierarchy. And the tension between balance sheet strength, reinvesting in our business at the right level of spend, and that’s -- the cash you’re going to afford to do, but also your ability for execution and ensure that you can have a successful project. And we understand the importance of industry-leading returns to shareholders. So, for us, in whatever scenario we’re in, it’s that triangle of tension between balance sheet strength, reinvestment, leading shareholder returns. And that doesn’t change. That’s part of what Newmont is.
Tom Palmer: Yes. I’ll just clarify that for you. What we’re trying to -- be very, very disciplined with what the guidance we provide on development capital, but I’d point you to that long run average. $800 million to $1 billion is what I’d encourage you to use if you’re modeling out into the future. And this year and next year, some of the biggest reinvestment we’ve done since we’ve built that back in the early 2000s. So this is an extraordinary period of reinvestment. The long-term average is much more like it.
Tom Palmer: Certainly, we’ve tried to simplify what we provide in terms of our guiding information. And it’s taken the lessons we’ve learned from the volatility that we’ve all experienced over the last couple of years. And really just saying as best you can predict this year at $1,700gold, and here are numbers for this year. You look -- as you look forward into the out years, we are building mine plans on a $1,400 reserve price. And then, we will make assumptions around what the gold price will be for revenue and therefore, what that means in terms of taxes and royalties and those sorts of things. And linked to that is what do we assume for costs of producing that. So, that’s all flowing through more on an environment of what we predict the world to be. And we look to consensus numbers to drive that rather than have some sort of arbitrary gold revenue price number. But we build our mine plans on $1,400. And we expect to have -- you should expect from Newmont a $1 share base dividend year in, year out. It’s the variable component that will move year in, year out, depending on what’s happening in the gold price, what’s happening to input costs. And we’ll take consideration in terms of what the best we’ve got in the business. But $1 a share-based dividend, put it in the bank. That’s what Newmont would deliver at a $1,400 gold price.
Tom Palmer: It’s -- the numbers, all the sensitivities you see there are linked to my $1,700 gold price assumption of moving around that. Our -- one, if gold went to -- if the price of gold went to $1,400, as a revenue Newmont would pay $1 a share dividend is what the base dividend is.
Tom Palmer: That’s right. That’s where you’re starting to see lower cost ounces coming -- the more lower cost ounces coming into that profile from the investments that -- the investments we’re making in start to see ounces coming in from Tanami, ounces coming in from Ahafo North, ounces coming in from Pueblo Viejo, ounces coming in from Cerro Negro. So, it’s lower cost ounces coming into that production profile.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Cleve. Bulletproof, 100% confident in autonomous haulage, is reliable. I implemented the first autonomous haul fleet in 2011. This is proven technology. It’s just new in the gold industry. This is bulletproof proven technology in the future of mining. And it’s safer, fundamentally safer and you do risk -- in a major cost area. So there was some fine tuning last year, some -- it’s some tight areas of the pit you’re mining in but that conventional trucks would have had similar issues with. So, let me just spell any myth about autonomous haulage. It is proven technology bullet proof at Boddington. And you can expect to see more autonomous fleets open pit and underground across the Newmont business going forward.
Tom Palmer: So certainly, since we made the decision to defer the full funds approval by two years out to the second half of ‘24 and appointed Dean Gehring to Chief Development Officer focused on Peru and Yanacocha, Dean’s scope is to look at every option around Yanacocha Sulfides, including not proceeding with the project and putting the operation into care and maintenance. And that -- as we’ve talked about before, that is about making sure you go to the edge and understand the art of what might be possible in terms of a profitable project for Yanacocha Sulfides, because Yanacocha is one of the great gold and copper districts of the world. It is a huge sulfide deposit with both gold and copper, and it’s right next door to Conga, which is one of the great copper deposits. So strategically, long term, copper and gold will be produced from this part of the world. But part of Dean’s scope is to look at the full spectrum, and that could include us making a decision to move the existing operation into closure. The spend you see in our guidance is reflecting the spend that we would make this year and next year to get to full funds decision. We continue to -- the procurement of long lead time items and engineering and the construction of the camp. That camp will be necessary for closure, and it will be necessary for closure activities, in particular, the construction of a water treatment plant. So, those funds will be essential anyway. So, if we were to have a scenario that Yanacocha moved into closure, then you would see us building, which we would be doing in any event, water treatment plants to process the mine-affected water that contains acid and to treat that water to neutralize it and discharge it into surrounding systems. And that would be a lot at Yanacocha forever. We are at Yanacocha forever. Our closure liability estimates 50 years of water treatment. And that’s appropriately accounted for in our balance sheet, and we would steward that operation in the closure, if that was the decision that we recommended to our Board.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Fahad. And look, we’re here until we’ve answered all questions. So we’ll just keep working through everybody. If you’re able to stay with us, we’ll -- people in the queue and we’ll answer everybody.
Tom Palmer: Maybe just a quick bit of color over some of the impairments, which I think you’re seeing flow through the mining industry in general, just the -- when you’ve got the macroeconomic environments and country discount rates are playing into that. We’ve got some redistribution what we assumed for synergy value add of the Goldcorp acquisition where it came from, as Brian talked about, it’s a bit different. So, you’ve got some of that activity going on as we balance some of that out. And we strategically chose to move CC&V to a leach-only operation, and there’s some adjustments associated with the strategic decision around CC&V. Any well-run organization should have a very clear-eyed view on the assets that they manage, where the opportunities are to run them, where the opportunities might be to transform them, where the opportunities might be to grow them and ultimately, where there might be a time where those assets are better in someone else’s hands. And any well governed organization should have a clear view of each of their operating assets and their portfolio as a whole and ensuring that they are then taking decisions that are in the best interest of the shareholders of that organization. We do that work. That doesn’t mean that we have a whole list of assets set up for divestment. But similar to the answer I was just giving to Fahad around Yanacocha sulfides, it is essential as part of an exercise to go to the edge and say what would the world look like if that asset were divested? And what would we do if that was -- what would happen if that was in someone else’s hands? And what does that then mean for us in terms of what we could do with that operation in terms of improving its performance? So, we are constantly working through that process, challenging and debating. And with that set of 12 managed operations we have today, we have a very clear idea of the improvement opportunities that we want to get after. In Canada, the border has really only opened up 6 or 7 months ago. As Rob said, we have got three very experienced general managers now in place across those operations. And Rob and I are focused on delivering the value from those operations that we haven’t had a full license to do because of not being able to get across the border into Canada, having the operations shut down at different times, having covered protocols in place, ‘23 is the year where we start to demonstrate what those assets can do. So clear eyed view, Lawson, about our portfolio. But in terms of ‘23, we are very much focused on delivering value from our 12 managed operations.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Lawson. We’ve obviously been in Ghana for 20 years. I think we’re the largest taxpayer in Ghana, and we pay our taxes in U.S. dollars. So, we’re a pretty important player in the Ghanaian context. And we have long-term robust relationships with all stakeholders in Ghana, including the government. You’ve only got to look at the coordinated process that we have been going through to get full land access to Ahafo North, involving the traditional leaders, youth and traditional leaders at the -- around the mine site, working with the [indiscernible] working with several levels of government to productively and sustainably work through that process. Those relationships also apply to when you sit down and talk about how we can support the government to pay fair taxes, but also to support investment in the country and to help manage through that process. So, we are very confident of our position in Ghana, the relationships and our standing to be able to navigate through some of the noise that you read about at the moment.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Lawson. The phase of -- that we’re in at Cerro Negro is actually reinvesting back in the business. So, as we’re generating a profit from a mine, as Rob said, it’s getting more and more profitable, we’re sinking that money back in to some pretty significant expansion at Cerro Negro with several underground mines being developed. That will, in future years, increase production with lower cost ounces. So, at this point in time, we’re in a position where that profit we’re generating, we’re putting back into that Cerro Negro business.
Tom Palmer: It’s lunch time. Look, Tanya, the best thing I can do is just repeat what I said, which is we are disappointed that the Newcrest Board rejected our proposal, and we are currently engaging with the Newcrest team in relation to their offer to provide access to more information. And I better leave it at that in terms of repeating that statement.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, Tanya. And again, I’ll attempt to answer this question without straying into those specifics. Newmont are actually experts in submarine tailings. We use that technology at Minahasa in Indonesia and at Batu Hijau, very successfully. And I was -- if you remember, I was the Senior Vice President for Indonesia and accountable for Batu Hijau when it was in Newmont, and I kept that accountability as I became Senior Vice President for Asia Pacific and then the Chief Operating Officer. So within the Newmont organization, there is a lot of knowledge and capability around submarine tails. So, if I then answer your question more broadly, as I’ve said many times before, our radar is turned on. And if we see opportunities to pick up a Tier 1 asset that we believe is a core capability, whether they be open pit or underground, we will look at that that opportunity irrespective of where it is in the world is a first instance. And if an asset had submarine tailings or some other aspect, one of the questions we would ask is we then step through those filters, is is that asset better in the Newmont portfolio or someone else’s, and can a sustainable performance be delivered by the Newmont operating model and the Newmont capability? Now with discipline, many times, we might say, no, not prepared to do that. But we wouldn’t -- not have our filter trip because it had some aspect such as submarine tails or some other aspect that may be an environmental or social aspect. Again, if I bring it back to Peñasquito, we’ve got to look at Peñasquito and say, goodness me. I don’t think anyone can resolve the community blockades. That’s a big risk for Newmont. We backed ourselves and our capability to go on their and resolve that social issue sustainably. So, we wouldn’t stop us looking at a particular opportunity because of a particular social, environmental issue, but we would we will reflect upon our capabilities and whether that asset is better in Newmont’s portfolio or not.
Tom Palmer: Sorry, Tanya. I’m not able to get into that detail because of where we sit. I’d just say Australia is a jurisdiction. We’ve been basically in Australia by a few years in the ‘90s for almost 60 years. We’re a taxpayer in Australia. We’ve got two big gold mines in Australia. We’re exploring in Australia. It’s our backyard. So, I can’t talk about your particular question, but Australia is literally our backyard.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Greg, and good morning. We can certainly get Daniel take you through that in detail. But it does -- the numbers do add up. So, for every $100 increase in gold price above that $1,400, we generate $400 million of free cash flow out of our portfolio on average over the -- as you look at that portfolio going forward. So, to do a notch up from 1,400 to 1,700 is $1.2 billion. But for ‘23, we’ve got to take off $400 million of that because of the reinvestment this year. That gives you $800 million. And we’re returning between 40% and 80% of that amount through that dividend range we provided. So that ratio still holds with the map, and we can certainly jump into the detail with you offline, if you want.
Tom Palmer: Sorry to jump across you. Thank you, everyone, for staying on to answer all the questions. And please have a good day. And look forward to -- for those investors on the call, look forward to seeing some of you next week. Okay. Thank you, everyone.
Lawson Winder: Thank you, operator, and good morning, Tom and Rob. Nice quarterly result. And thank you for remaining on the call to fit in these additional questions. I’d like to ask about your thinking around potential noncore assets. And so, in the context of when you acquired Goldcorp, you highlighted a few of the assets as potentially noncore. That would need to prove their worth to remain in the portfolio. So, in light of some of the impairments, I wanted to get your thoughts on whether any of these assets might now be under consideration for monetization.
Lawson Winder: Okay, fantastic. I’d like to also ask about Ghana sort of as a jurisdiction. So, two of your African-based peers have had some sort of minor tax disputes. But from a Newmont point of view, outside of the requirement to sell gold to the government in [indiscernible], I mean I’ve seen nothing similar, perhaps a reflection of your excellent local relationships there. Do you see any signs of fiscal regulatory environment changing in Ghana at all? Thanks.
Lawson Winder: Excellent. And if I could maybe ask a very similar question just on Argentina. So, thinking about Cerro Negro and the somewhat difficult financial regulatory environment there. Is Newmont currently successful extracting profits from that operation? And that’s it for me. Thank you.
