Tom Palmer: Thanks Nancy and turning to Slide 23. Newmont continues to be the world's leading gold company. And I'm confident that our world class portfolio and robust project pipeline have positioned Newmont to deliver on our commitment of creating value and improving lives through sustainable and responsible mining. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator and open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Fahad. Good morning. The little moments in our portfolios are Ahafo, Boddington and Peñasquito. Peñasquito on gold production is pretty flat through the 12 months roughly 50-50 first half and second half. But it's going to really move the dial in the second half, this mine sequencing and grade at both Boddington and Ahafo. So Boddington we're being lying back for the fifth buyback of the south pit in Boddington, Ahafo, three and half years in the second half. We get access to the high grade gold and copper and the benefit of the top most haulage which should be fully implemented by the second half. So to see that flow through I think in the second half a significant high grade. And at Ahafo, the combination of the new underground mining method coupled with shrinkage will bring through more volume and improved grade and then you've got improved grade from the Subika open pit as well. So it's largely mine sequence and grade driven and it's those three operations that really will deliver on that second half performance.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Fahad. So our relationship with the Tahltan actually started several years ago with our acquisition 50% of Galore Creek project in that part of British Columbia. So we have established relationships that we look to grow, build on with the whole representatives of the Tahltan Nation and when you look back at our long history of social responsibility it is very much founded on building those relationships, understanding issues of concerns of how we can work together. So we fully understand, we fully acknowledge that we'll need Tahltan consent to advance that project and we'll be endeavoring to work with them respectfully and engage with the relationship of those various communities to find their shared pathway forward and that is very much the approach the Newmont takes with everywhere we're working in the North.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Tyler, good morning. We've been operating in Peru for 30 years. We're basically in Peru, before democracy was in place, is how we've linked and worked through what has been a color democracy in Peru's modern history. And this is another chapter in that journey. So we'll monitor the Presidential Elections carefully and have the Congress and hopefully the new President work together. We have been a very successful 30 years in Peru. When we think about making investments like Yanacocha Sulfides. We think about making investments which for project like Sulfides if you literally for big ice with the quality of the Sulfide deposit around the Yanacocha property, so little bit we're looking to understand these are coming in the next month or two. That will factor into our process of internal discussions with our board and our joint venture partner and then ultimately, I look forward to being able to make a full fast decision and the rest Sulfides and they have that delivering great returns for Newmont shareholders and the community around car [ph] market for a long, long time to go.
Tom Palmer: I'll get Rob to provide some color on it. It's pretty steady performance and we certainly look at, it's a polymetallic mine, so we certainly look at developing that mine and managing on the basis of the form at it's sort of producing. But if you see, pretty steady performance through the year. Rob, if you want to provide a bit more color to Tyler.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Josh. Good morning. I think we're certainly seeing a number of impacts at both the Yanacocha and Cerro Negro. It's a real arching scene across our portfolio at countries where we're seeing greatest impact from COVID. We get better and better at managing our product goals both mentioned at Cerro Negro and not a dedicated theme managing shift changes which is a very, very complex process in Argentina and how you're doing all your grading and monitoring and ensuring and everything up with workforce in for the shift that - clear of the virus and quarantine, if we do ever close. So it's really monitoring those two operations. Mexico as a country is still struggling with the virus. But we've got very, very good protocols in place throughout that country. Well in the United States fortunately it's starting to really turn the tide. You've seen the recent events in Ontario, confident that the Canadian government will increase those through Australia and Ghana we've seen the pandemic managed through very well. I think we're still going to need to be have a chronic analyze and the continuing demand time and discipline around our protocols as vaccines become available encouraging our workforce to take the vaccines, supporting the governments where they came all that outside of it. We can have an improving trend overtime. So I believe they got the protocols and the discipline in place to manage COVID and maintain everyone through the course of this year.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Josh. Monitoring that closely, labor cost back up about 6% of their cost base that include contracted services. We employed an assumption for later exploration in our budgets and then we flow that through to our guidance. So we've got some provision for that. The key leading indicator I look for in seeing what we maybe seeing some wage pressure is voluntary attrition. It's pretty healthy across our business. In some ways our response to the pandemic and the fact that we chose and we continue to choose to manage the health and safety of our workforce and local communities about everything else is, that served us really in terms of support that we have from our workforce. But the areas that I've been monitoring more closely on the risk of labor escalation - Australia, it's pretty high in all markets as you see, buying oil prices, heat in and all-time high. I wish Australian government that is locking borders and encouraging the workforce to come from within that state which put pressure on the supply of labor. We're very fortunate, we've got very robust workplaces at both Boddington and Tanami. Good leadership. Healthy levels of attrition and projects like tonnage haulage just mitigate that very significantly where your truck fleet and a labor force, truck fleet is one of the greatest sources of labors. So monitoring closely. But the voluntary efficient numbers are leading indicators took results across our business.
Tom Palmer: Yes, thanks Greg. It's still very much clear focus on gold as the core of our business. But organically the way I've seen, that as you look for the best gold projects they come with particularly when you look at our world class initiative and look for those long-life projects and you look for those projects in the jurisdictions, we're prepared to work in. they come with copper. So it's more of an organic benefit from that. We focus on the right size projects in the right jurisdiction. The Tatogga project has some nice copper. The Yanacocha has some copper with it. And several of those mega projects particularly Galore Creek bring with them some nice copper. So it's more of an added benefit as we say it's going to come out of nice time with a world [indiscernible] their energy transition.
Tom Palmer: I've got Eric sitting opposite me. He's shepherd that one through, so why don't I get Eric to just give you a little bit color on that Greg.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Tanya. Good morning. So materials and energy, labor makes up 50%, materials and energy makes 30% to 40%. And again we leverage our global portfolio enter into long-term contracts and strategic relationships with suppliers, so that goes a long way to mitigating the impacts of near-term inflation where we've got rise and fall both into that contracts and stability. So it's a very important part of the Newmont story and the strength of our portfolio and how we look to run our business. We are seeing some pressure on steel generally around writing media that's watching carefully and some pressure on frac particularly with as you see the amount of concentrate that we move out of at Peñasquito. So we're watching those carefully. In terms of capital projects, we've already accounted for a lot of that in terms of the Tanami Expansion and the move to Australian steel so that's been taken up in previous updates to guide us. As move into Ahafo North, a lot of the work for the once we get the full funds approval for the next 12 to 18 months of efforts and the civil works before we start to bringing in steel. We're confident what the estimates that we've got, what we've look forward is for full funds. It's got to account for any escalation around steel and similarly as we start to button up Yanacocha Sulfides, both around [indiscernible] reviews and bring that forward full funds. We're including in our estimates and contingencies, estimates for way still make moves. So we do anticipate there'll be some pressure on steel for the capital projects and making sure we're calculating in the budgets that we look forward for full funds approval.
Tom Palmer: No, it's all - I mean again it's pretty picture of our strategies where we choose to have our operations that brings with it, a lot of stability around our investment agreements whether in place or royalty budget. So we're not seeing any pressure on that front across that jurisdictions.
Tom Palmer: It is, I'd say. I'd look more 47% in the first half and 53% in the second half and it's going to be dominated by Ahafo and Boddington reaching the greater buying and higher grades. As you move through the third quarter into the fourth and the second half. So I'd sort of factor in 47%, 53%.
Tom Palmer: Sure, Tanya. We're certainly encouraging the rollout in Ontario and I'm sure you're living 10 experience right now, so doing what we can to support the rollout for our Musselwhite port operations. Cripple Creek and Victor certainly see the rollout Colorado, we've been setting up clinics for our workforce and their families and continue to do that and provide access to vaccines and lots of education encouragement around the efficacy of these vaccines. Through Peru, Argentina and Mexico, Suriname, a much longer road to home. So we must maintain those protocols. Vaccines will come and we'll support. But we work on the expectations that's still many months of. Australia to get the vaccine together and get the vaccines rolled out. We look forward to that increasing overtime. So that one we can top those, you just stay forward for - that are impacting on mining operations and then open up international borders rollout allowing to come and go up again. And in Ghana, I think we're starting to see some rollout of vaccines. So I'm pleased already [indiscernible] in Ghana. We've been looking to work with the Ghanaian Government for the rollout. It's going to be a long process. Tanya, I think before the world is fully vaccinated. So I think we're going to be living with [indiscernible] mask for a long time to come in operations.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Mike and good morning. We're working in same way that we hit an exploration webcast early this year and we'll certainly look to do an ESG webcast on the back of our new sustainability report in the coming months. We're working on providing some more details and maybe doing so through another webcast. We can have a little bit more time to provide some detail and cover our most projects as well as some of the other projects that are sitting or going project pipeline. So we can link the level of understanding and the appreciation that we have all those projects and how we can sequence the need and why we're so confident about our business over the next several decades. I hope someday we turn 100. And we've got through our gain project pipeline and ability to see early around next century. So we're excited about it and I think there's an opportunity for us to provide the investment community with some more details in that.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Anita and good morning. I mean we're seeing an incorporated our guidance around sustaining capital and some Tanami Expansion 2 it's in the development capital. But as part of those plans to build additional camp facilities. Yanacocha so far will have included in a [indiscernible] effective probably similarly lead time items additional camp facilities so they'll be able to have, they have their own room and their own bed. So it's accommodated within millions dollars of year of sustaining capital and $600 million to $800 million in average development capital. It's not big money in overall scheme of things. It's about having the intent and the will to do something in this space. In terms of productivity improvements around staff, finish time and ensuring their fatigue breaks. The length of shifts, number of consecutives shift, the length of time some can work. In my experience you have that tie back in dividends many times over, by getting the right level of rest amongst your workforce so they're working productively when they're at work. So the things we're doing around roster start times and alike. Will improve their productivity overtime is my expectation rather than the cost of the business.
Tom Palmer: And Anita, I need to build on that. We look with our board back over a long period of time at gold prices and the cash would actually generate it. And that factored into a decision to stay up and calibrated I think $100 mark and on return 40% of that cash. So at the stability and sustainability of our dividend is very robust. So we didn't make that decision to go to the $1,800 mark lightly and our expectation would be, when we look forward in portfolio and our performance that we can sustain those levels for some time.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Anita and I think that's the end of the questions and we can certainly queue on conscious. We've gone half top of the hour. So thank you all for your time. And our number if you are on Toronto [indiscernible] at the moment and [indiscernible] on state. Stay safe and well and we look forward to seeing and speaking to you soon. Thanks everyone.
Anita Soni: Second question a little bit more in the detail on Cerro Negro. The grades went down a little bit. I'm just wondering, how we can expect that to play out over the course of the year and what was the reason. I mean are you using stockpiles right now and then you'll return once you can get, I guess the mining rates up from direct access, is my guess. I just don't know - I don't have a color on that.
Anita Soni: Okay and then lastly, more of a big picture question perhaps on for Nancy. Just looking at your dividend payout ratio in that where you know just currently sitting slightly below. But you do have a good on gold price. But you do have a good cash balance. Can you give us an idea if we're thinking about downside risk on gold price? How do you like sort of play with the cash balance that you have? I noticed that it's prior to the gold prices it was sort of sitting around $3 billion as the cash balance you wanted. Would you think about you mentioned of reducing that cash balance as needed? If gold price dips, first sustained period.
Anita Soni: And just lastly, I know it does and your disclosure already include your free cash flow projections include Ahafo North and Yanacocha Sulfides and just wanted to confirm that any lumpiness in those spends. But also being included within that $1,800 40% to 60% and those projects.
