Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Lawson, for the question. In terms of it, as Karyn talked about in terms of us taking time to work through the longer-term outlook with more like a midyear then we will run a Capital Markets Day to share that, what we'll look to do almost immediately after close is we have a reserve and resource, review team. We call it our 3R review. We have that team going in each of the 5 operations at Newcrest and establish the reserve and resources to the Newmont definition. And then with that reserve and resource review done, we're going to establish Newmont-based resource models. and then start to develop our mine plans based upon previous best demonstrated performance and then have those start to convert into business plans, and then we'll iterate and work those.  So we'll certainly work to reduce a 2024 budget for the combined portfolio, but we're going to take our time to really understand and work those mine plans to understand the potential of those operations, ensure we can deliver on those operations, but also understand projects across that portfolio and how they together. So that's going to be work will do diligently over the -- starting in early November for the first few months of next year.  In terms of the full portfolio of 17 managed operations, as I've described in my remarks, Lawson, we can very comfortably manage those operations within our global operating model. Listen, this is an intensive purposes is a bolt-on of 5 operations in the Newmont's operating model. 2 operations in the Australian business unit. When I was running the Australian business units some years ago, I had that number and a couple more from memory, 2 operations into North American business unit. Bernard Wessels is very capable to accommodate those 2 operations and manage them and then standing up our new business unit in Papa New Guinea.  And as I mentioned, one of the very best leaders I've been work at Newmont, Alwyn Pretorius, who retired to go work on his family farm in South Africa, is coming back to Newmont and stand up that business unit. So someone who's very experienced having run very successfully our business unit in Africa some years ago and then our Latin American business unit.  He understands developing world, he understands Newmont and he is really well placed to stand up that new PNG business. So we will capably run those 17 operations and his team will look at where the opportunities might be to optimize our portfolio. We have a commitment of $2 billion over the first 24 months. That will be a combination of project resequencing, come part of that business planning work that we'll do, but we'll also be looking to where the opportunity is to rationalize our portfolio.  And we'll be looking at those operations that are Tier 2, and we have a number of Tier 2 operations in our portfolio. Several has a potential to grow to Tier 1, but we have a number that include in Tier 2 and work through a very structured process to think about how we might rationalize the portfolio. But we are very comfortable also to be able to run 17 operations in our business.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Lawson $500 million, $200 million is attributable to our Full Potential work. There are 2 Peñasquitos in the Newcrest portfolio, Lihir and Cadia. That's where we're focusing our time and attention of the $200 million we see the order of $90 million coming out of Lihir as we think about the opportunities to improve the work we do around the mine, the basics of mining from and blast and maintenance asset management work. So we're presenting the best ore consistently the in that processing plant. We'll have people on the ground next month to start really getting in and understanding those opportunities that we saw during due diligence.  I think we certainly plan to tell a story out of Lihir very similar to the story we've told out at Peñasquito. And then Cadia, the other very large Tier 1 operation in the Newcrest portfolio. We see opportunities in the processing plant. Big block cave mine, roughly 35 million tonnes a year coming out of that underground mine. The opportunities we see are to work the bottlenecks in the processing plant, the availability, the reliability, getting consistent throughput through the crushing and grinding circuit so that we've got consistent to the service and then improve both throughput and recovery.  Again, very similar to where we've worked Peñasquito with a big mill, crushing and grinding circuit with multiple plantation service. So Peñasquito story and the Boddington story in terms of work in the mill is where we see the analogy or the analog to Cadia and then working on mine at Cadia is very similar to the work that Rob and the team led at Peñasquito to deliver significant improvement out of that mine to present a very hungry mill at Peñasquito.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Daniel, and good morning to you. I think it and thank you for staying up in Australia to listen in, and thank you for your coverage. But if you look at the big assets in the Newmont portfolio today, Peñasquito is now that we're up and running, we're very confident that there's been a reset of expectations with our workforce and the union that them. So we go into '24 very confident about the ability to the cost and productivity improvement safely at that operation.  The impact on '24 is the mine sequence. So where we were in the mine sequence when the operations were suspended means that what we thought would happen in '24 will be different now. So polymetallic mine, so we're in the Chile Colorado pit, which is more on the other metals and gold. So we won't swing back into Peñasquito now to therefore, it will be the balance of metals that come out of Peñasquito that will be different in '24, and the gold equivalent ounces large  At Ahafo, we will be nursing the girth gear that's now on the mill. So there's 2 big SAG mills at Ahafo. The girth gear on the main feed to the process plant is 2/3 and the throughput for the mill is now and that can run at 100%. We'll now nurse the girth gear with the hairline cracks on the small amount, about 1/3 of the throughput until the end of the first quarter, start of the second quarter of next year. So the processing plant at Ahafo will run at around 70%, 80% of throughput as we get through that very managed transition.  There are probably the 2 impacts on our big Tier 1 operations we think in the '24. We still to see plants out of our non-managed joint ventures, they like about 30% of Newmont's portfolio today. At Pueblo Viejo, we're commissioning a very significant expansion to a pressure oxidation circuit. So as that is understood and plants are built in '24, that will reflect the latest information from that commissioning exercise. And then 3 big mines in Nevada and as you work through '23 and then understand impacts on '23 performance and what that means for mines other things in '24 potentially some impacts there that we'll learn about in the next couple of months as we work with our joint venture partners on those plants.  So hopefully, Daniel, that gives you some color as to how we think about the impacts from '23 into '24. I think the important thing is that were all of the events we've had this year, all of that metal is still in the ground. And this is just a process of the time at which that metal present. None of those issues have any impact in terms of the reserves that we have, and it's just the timing at which they can be converted into metal and sold.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Daniel. That's certainly say for anyone looking at Newmont's stock today, there's some tremendous buying out there in terms of the transaction we're about to close and the portfolio that we'll be in less than 2 weeks' time. Daniel, the process we'll work through. We'll diligently work through our business planning for what I was mentioning in the answer to the previous question, we've got 5 new assets to develop Newmont base mine plans to and work through a process of determining our 2024 budget and continuing in parallel work on the longer-term plans.  That will then inform our capital allocation process, which for us is ensuring we're maintaining a strong balance sheet, ensuring that we're directing appropriate levels of cash towards reinvestment back in the business to extend life and the growth and ensure we've got returns available to our shareholders. Our capital allocation strategy as returns first and foremost been through our dividend framework. So we'll work through our business planning process, particularly for 2024 year and look to how we calibrate our dividend framework when you think about assumptions about gold price, the cash flow we generated and some of the other macroeconomic events that will be impacting our business in our world at that time.  That will be the primary debate and discussion we'll have. But as we have that debate and we present those numbers to our Board and we look at the cash we're generating, we look at our share price, it is an area that we will continue to debate as a second order capital allocation element returns to shareholders and whether there would be some benefit in terms of how we're seeing the business and whether there will be any benefit in seeking permission from the Board to establish a buyback program. So it'll be part of the debate. But our first order returns to our shareholders is through the dividend framework.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Tanya. Yes, you can expect something very similar to what took place when we acquired Goldcorp. So we'll have a team -- a technical team on the ground across those 5 operations through November and December assessing the reserves and resource at each of those operations and assessing those against our Newmont definition. So we obviously report under SEC rules and Newcrest report under So there will be some differences in terms of what is classified as a reserve and resource and then we also have a very high standard at Newmont, right? A Newmont reserve is a higher standard in the industry. So you will see some back and forth.  The various announcements we've made since we announced the binding agreement, you'll see us talk about a couple of instances about reserves and resources, and you'll see us report them separately for the 2 companies because there are 2 different definitions for those. So we are working towards with our February time frame to update reserves and resources for the combined portfolio.  And in terms of any sort of signaling, we haven't -- and I think it's important that everybody is we had access to a data room for 4 weeks back in April and May to assess and to submit a binding offer and to determine our synergy values and to make some judgments about portfolio optimization. Since that time, both companies are required to run as independent companies. And so we have had an integration team working on planning for integration, but we have not had any access to any additional Newcrest information since that time.  We get the keys to the car on Monday, the 6th of November. That's the first time we get access to reserves and resources, mine plans and the can start that work. So it's in front of us, Tanya, in a couple of weeks' time.
Thomas Palmer: Nothing is that level of granularity, Tanya, but our expectation is similar to the Goldcorp experience. You will see -- without going into specifics, you will Newcrest reported reserves in some instances move into Newmont reported resources. You've also seen -- I think many people fully understand as we move from interest reporting to accounting to U.S. GAAP accounting, our definitions for the stockpiles and for sustaining capital and other things can change. Our coproduct, byproduct accounting will which change. There'll be some moving parts around all of that as well. But we don't have that granularity yet, Tanya.
Thomas Palmer: That's what we're planning to do, Tanya. And what do we want to get through that good working session with our Board and then really look to set up the Capital Markets Day where we can come together and work through that longer-term view, certainly the 5-year, and certainly with the portfolio on where will be looking to show the 5- to 10-year view of the strength of this portfolio. But we certainly want to work with those mine plans over the first few months of next year in order to really have a wrap-up story to share with the market.
Thomas Palmer: The severance costs in Q3 largely unrelated to this transaction that was associated with the reset work happening down at Yanacocha as we're ramping down there, and we've got folks taking some voluntary redundancies. So we will start to see the transaction-related severances flow in the fourth quarter, and then they'll flow into the third quarter of next year where you'll see that probably the larger numbers will be in the first quarter of next year than the fourth quarter of this year.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Tanya. Lots of moving parts happening at the moment, certainly with the in that process at the index rebalancing as Newcrest coming off the ASX and our secondary listing coming on the ASX and all of that work happening as well as the volatility in terms of gold price movements. And so there's lots of moving parts affecting stock performance at the moment. When we look at the -- we look at our modeling getting thrown out the other side of the rebalancing between the -- our head stock in the New York Stock Exchange and the secondary listing in the ASX, it's likely to be a month or 2 for that to settle out.  So we anticipate -- and certainly as we've had conversations with shareholders in Australia and describing what we're going to anticipate happening quite a bit of volatility in liquidity before things start to settle out in terms of New York Stock Exchange and ASX. We think there'll be some movement of potentially up to AUD 10 billion that could flow the other. We also anticipate that we'll have something in the order of AUD 10 billion to AUD 15 billion market cap sitting on the ASX, representing 20% to 30% of our market cap. That where the starting point will lean into and then look that secondary listing, alongside our primary listing. So we get some modeling that sort of shows some scenarios as to where we may land between New York Stock Exchange and ASX. and that -- and we fully anticipate that it will be volatile and liquid for a month or a couple of months before it settles down and get a line of sight on the Board.
Thomas Palmer: The positive side of the Australian listing with a very savvy mining investment community and some very sticky funds with the big super funds there and lots of interest as we then go to that investment community. And then you'll also see -- I think you'll see positive trends is from a passive standpoint with our larger market cap as things settle out, I think you're going to see some of that flow as well. So noisy, but there's some very good signs as to what this portfolio is going to be able to attract.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Josh. I mean it's a tricky one this year because of some of the events we've managed, which are really impacting ounce production. There has been slowing impact on cost. But when we look through that to our direct cost base, it's very much in line with what we're expecting for this year. And then as we look into next year, that direct cost base is looking pretty steady. So it's sort of staying at the levels that we've seen and the sort of stabilizing out of inflation very much as we look into next year is doing a planning work, at least the direct cost base looks very similar this year.  So for us, it will be working through the ounce profile for this combined portfolio. But thinking about -- we'll think about our portfolio in a couple of different chunks as we we're doing our plan. What will be the Tier 1 operations and the emerging Tier 1 operations that we manage and how we think about those. We'll be thinking about 3 non-managed joint ventures that will have in our portfolio, Nevada Gold Mines, Pueblo Viejo And then we'll be thinking about those Tier 2 assets and how we manage those Tier 2 assets and those that would be more likely to be part of that portfolio optimization.  So we think about what's our cost base for the Tier 1 operations, emerging Tier 1 portfolio that we manage. We will be challenging our non-managed joint ventures around their cost base. And then we're looking at how we manage our Tier 2 assets going forward. So we'll be having those debates in and build our business plans. But the high-level answer to your question is our direct cost base is very consistent with what we see this year, and we'll be working to ensure that we've got some of those that we're throwing out the other side of some of those challenges that we've had with bush fires and flooding, a strike and manufacturing with So we'll certainly be looking at the plan for '24 being pretty consistent in that profile for those operations a pretty consistent cost base.
Thomas Palmer: No, Josh, nothing's changed from our due diligence. We are crystal clear on how we will manage those operations and how we will integrate them into our operating model, and we're well advanced in -- well advanced in planning in terms of what we'll do on day 1, week 1, month 1 and the first 100 days. So there's nothing about anything happened in the sort of the more recent times that changes our long-term view on those assets and how we integrate
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Anita. So the portfolio optimization will come from 2 categories. One will be resequencing the projects of the combined portfolio. And so the -- you match the 2 portfolios together, that would have been the cash going towards development projects and reinvesting, that will change, and that will then lead to free cash flow that we're generating be informing the decisions we make around calibrating our dividend framework. So that portfolio optimization will actually lead to generating free cash flow for support of the dividend.  Then the portfolio optimization with the proceeds that we received from divestments of assets. First and foremost, we would bring that on to our balance sheet -- to strengthen our balance sheet and then make judgments about how we use the cash on our balance sheet. And certainly, as we did with the Goldcorp, we look back to our Goldcorp experience and we look at where our -- to the answer of the earlier question, we look at where our share price is trading, we have a robust view of where we value.  And if we thought that there was some opportunity to buy back some shares, so that would be a debate we would have with our Board. But the first and foremost, that cash will come on to our balance sheet and be used to strengthen and bolster the balance sheet of the combined organization.
Thomas Palmer: Certainly, as we -- a bit of a high sustaining capital, Anita, was around getting our hands on 5 trucks to get after the -- and we had access to those 5 trucks are getting in early, I think, after the waste movement in the North pit to really start to open up the North and South pit to the high-grade ore. So we'll move through '24 and '25 into some more waste movement, some run of mine ore coming into the plant, but also starting to supplement that stockpile. So you will see a movement into in that normal cycle of and moving into more waste and some stockpiles and so some lower gold and copper in that normal band that Boddington operates through. So you will see a bit of that dynamic playing out in '24, '25 before get back into the high-grade ore
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Anita. So we've reached an important milestone at Tanami, where the mid-shaft the upper part of the of the shaft and now we're at that mid-shaft level setting up the infrastructure and then get after the lining of the lower part of the shaft. So it's an important milestone for you pause and understand the working -- what you've learned from mining the top part of the shaft, how you're going to apply those learnings to the bottom half of the shaft and what the condition of the bottom half of the shaft as now going to the run That work is happening right now.  As we're seeing in the Australian market, I think the key cost pressure in capital projects is labor. And so just ensuring we understand the labor. We have a favor there and full crews as we get set to go for that second round of shaft lining. That work is live as we're working that through as part of our planning processes and doing our cost and schedule for the run that would certainly be something that we would be expecting to provide an update with our 2024 guidance in the latter part of February next year. So we're at the milestone of the project and it's nice to lined up with '24 -- February 24 update.
Thomas Palmer: 2024 dividend would be -- the dividend would be calibrated for 2024, and we will be sharing that information with our guidance in February 2024.
Tanya Jakusconek: Just have a couple that I just need some clarity on. Tom, can we just go back to the Newcrest merger that is pending. Can we just talk about Newcrest's reserves and resources? When you report your guidance in February of 2024 for the year and your reserves and resources, will you be adjusting those reserves and resources based on your inputs just like you did with Goldcorp when you took over, you've made adjustments from the reserve to the resource category? And if so, can you review with us some of the mines that we may see some shift. That's my first question.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. So there isn't anything that you can think of, for example, the Lihir where some of those reserves, I think, is about 3 million ounces or thereabouts in the reserve category that need the additional layback from the, I think, the dam wall to be included, whether something like that could shift from reserves to resources given Newmont's stricter definition. Have you -- I'm just giving that as an example. I'm just wondering if there's anything between the 2 accountings, the 2 IFRS and U.S. GAAP on the reserves just is glaring to you at this point.
Tanya Jakusconek: Yes. Okay. With the transaction, yes. And then just my last question is just your view on sort of all of these index rebalancing from now until year-end. Could you give us some overall qualitative information in terms of what quantitative do you have in terms of how you see all of these index rebalancing occurring or what your view is on year-end? Too hard with all this movement in the share prices as we look at the stock, yes.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. So what I take on that is some outflows from now until year-end with all of this rebalancing and then settling in and then obviously on a positive side with the Australian listing.
