Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy. Over the last year, as we celebrated our 100th anniversary, it has been an important milestone to pause and reflect on our company, our industry and the lessons we have learned. Our clear strategy lays the groundwork to truly differentiate Newmont as we position ourselves to continue leading the gold industry today and well into the future. And as we begin a new year, I am confident that our clear strategic focus, proven operating model, superior execution and leading ESG practices will enable Newmont to deliver long-term value to all of our stakeholders through sustainable and responsible mining. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Fahad. We still expect to be within guidance. So we see opportunities to work to recover some or all of those ounces. Clearly, we're only at the coming to the latter end of February. So plenty of opportunity in front of us. We're going to be weighted to the second half of the year with a couple of our big assets, Ahafo and Boddington in particular. So it's how those have the sequence of those mines shape up and how we move through and the grades it presents. But we certainly see ourselves firmly within guidance for production costs. So 10 months in front of us, plenty of opportunity to work through from the Omicron surge.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Fahad. So the cash cost guidance does provide for about just under $300 million of full potential improvements, $290 million, across the board. And just to give you a highlight of some of our top initiatives. One of the biggest drivers will be Musselwhite, where we're looking at getting early entry back into the mine after a blast and then increasing the underground shift length. So really basic operational things. We're seeing opportunities around drilling and the rate at which we do the slot raises at Éléonore, that's another significant one. Again Peñasquito is a -- features firmly, looking at just use of availability, use of available time on equipment. You're looking at recoveries within the sulfide plant. You're looking at the augmented feed circuit particularly as we move, that's the front end of the mill, particularly as you move into some of the harder ores coming out of the Chile Colorado pit. So there are some of the top initiatives. We've also just coming out of a refresh at Boddington. And this may represent an example of upside to some of the full potential work that's built into the plan. Boddington was the first site that we implemented full potential back in 2014. So it's been through multiple refreshes over the last 8 years and continues to identify value. The real opportunities as we look into this year and next from Boddington is around the fact that we've now got an autonomous haul fleet. So with the predictability and the controllability of an autonomous haul fleet, there's 2 key areas that we're looking to leverage. One is the speed and the delays around AHS. So it's all about keeping those trucks running and maximizing optimizing their speed. And because they present every time to a shovel at exactly the location you ask it to spot up to, there's a real opportunity and significant value around the queue and hang times at shovels. So some real opportunities going forward at Boddington from a recent refresh that's not included in the outlook that we provided back in December.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Tanya, and good morning. I might start with Peñasquito, I'll then work backwards. So Peñasquito on a gold basis is about 50-50. So pretty consistent through the year when you look at gold. In the Canadian assets, Musselwhite is 60-40 split, very much seeing as a fly-in-fly-out operation at Musselwhite in this first quarter with the Omicron surge you've seen those impacts are weighted to the second half 40-60. The other 2 Canadian sites are around 45-55. If you move into South America, Cerra Negros about 45%, 55%. Boddington in Australia is following the portfolio, 47%, 53%. And Ahafo, and it's particularly driven by 2 things, both Subika related both open pit and underground, we're moving to higher grades in the Subika open pit as we move through that layback and as we start to get equipment and people back moving into the underground and start to get more access to broken stocks, you'll see more material move through from the underground mine. So Ahafo is 40-60. The portfolio at 47-53.
Tom Palmer: That's right. Cripple Creek is 43-57. So weighted 60-40 through the second half. And that's linked to recoveries coming off the heap leach, so the timing of the grades of gold you place in the recoveries coming through in the second half.
Tom Palmer: I've got it here. So development capital, as we look through the year is sitting at about weighted to the first half, 55-45. So slightly weighted to the first half. And if I look at our sustaining capital, it's about the same, 55-45. So that's a development capital weighted slightly to the first half, Tanya.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Tanya. So the Yanacocha sulfides project is -- the bulk of the money is to put in place a concentrator in a lava pressure oxidation facility, which really allows us to open up and be able to process the sulfide ore. And to pay for that investment, we've got the layback in the Yanacocha Verde open pit, which is a lag grade ore we'll put through the concentrator in our first underground mine at Yanacocha Chaquicocha. So it's -- we're punching in off the wall. We already have punching off the high wall of that that pit to start to develop the underground mine. And that mixes with the concentrate and you've got -- you're going to produce, obviously, copper gold and silver coming out of that. 30 years of mining at Yanacocha, we've mined 30 years, 40 million ounces of oxide ore. Just like we saw in Nevada generation ago, sulfide all sits underneath all that oxide ore. So all of those various deposits that we've mined or the vast majority of those various deposits that we mined have sulfide ore underneath the oxides. And so we're -- our drilling programs and our study work is looking at which of those deposits come next in line to feed that processing facility. So that processing facility will process sulfide ore within the existing footprint of Yanacocha for literally decades, like we've seen in Nevada with the roaster at Mill 6. So which of those deposits come through, we're working through, but we have a second phase of deposits, and then we've got a third phase of deposits that we are actively exploring. And we see, as you see with many base metal projects that the opportunity once you've got your facility up and running, and I'm sure we'll see some more ounces come from both the Yanacocha open pit and Chaquicocha underground. That will extend life at existing rates. But then the Phase 2 deposits, there will be opportunity for us to increase throughput as we optimize the processing facility and are able to present ore in different grades and extend life further. So I certainly see the opportunity as we commission this processing facility, second half of this decade, start to see where there's opportunity to creep up in terms of ounces and pounds produced, extending life and then additional deposits coming in to further increase throughput and extend life well into the 2040s and beyond. So hopefully, that gives you some color.
Tom Palmer: No. The third phase is still existing sulfide deposits in the existing footprint of Yanacocha. So when we think strategically, it's about that foundation of long-term operation, all the things you can then do with the workforce and the communities in and around that operation, then allows you to look very long term as to when does that Conga then come in and when is the Caliche then come in over that long-term time frame. So it's a -- they are upside on top of Phases 2 and 3.
Tom Palmer: Sure. Tanya, it's reclamation obligations dominated by Yanacocha. And it's -- you've got a disturbed area of the 75% the size of the Island of Manhattan. And significant volumes of water with the rain for you have up there. And by the way, the sulfides project doesn't add any additional reclamation. We are essentially working within that existing footprint. That dominates the same discipline we apply at Yanacocha, we apply across our business. So we apply 50 years to our reclamation obligation. So if you've got to treat water as we do at Yanacocha, then we are assuming we're treating that water for 50 years in our assumptions, and we apply today's technology to those assumptions for 50 years. So the opportunity to have a long life operation such as Yanacocha and look for where there's technology to better manage, control and process water represents upside to those numbers. But that -- that is -- that methodology, that discipline is consistent across our portfolio. So -- and it's -- Yanacocha dominates. The next big operation is Peñasquito, which is a significant step down from the Yanacocha obligation and then you're into the Cripple Creek and Victor and the Porcupines and the Boddington. So -- but it's Yanacocha and then daylight Peñasquito and then daylight to those other operations in terms of the closure obligations.
Tom Palmer: No. I mean we -- and often, it's about -- it's early the rehabilitation you're doing or it's capturing and treating mine-affected water. And in terms of what we're doing and either the regulation requires that or Newmont requires that, we are treating the water to either drinking water standard or agricultural standard depending on the catchment area for that water that we're discharging.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Jackie, and no change to the timetable working to -- it's a late '22 approval. It's pretty dominated by ensuring that we can clearly see that the pandemic will allow us to mobilize a workforce. We continue to do early work works. We continue to do the long lead time procurement. We'll have the autoclave vessel on the construction site location by the end of the year as we seek full funds. So that will significantly derisk the project. The other critical path or key item we're working on, which is important for these very large multibillion-dollar projects is to get the engineering to a level where you can have an accurate cost estimate to seek full funds and then derisk the execution of the project. And best practice in mining and oil and gas, the multibillion-dollar project is to get a high level of engineering done. And a lot of our spend this year is on that engineering work with both Bechtel and Hatch. So we'll make sure that we have the pandemic allowing us to mobilize the workforce of 3,000 plus people, the engineering pillar level that allows us to have accurate cost estimates, continue the procurement and late 2022 is the optimum time frame for us to move forward and seek full funds.
Tom Palmer: Nothing we're waiting for, Jackie. If anything, I mean, the government is having a few changes, but the bureaucracy is still working well as it always has in Peru. The government has certainly made signals that if there are any tax changes, if there are any, they would be modest. But we -- and certainly, the way the Congress is playing out, the opportunity for there to be change is diminished. So we look at -- as I was talking through with Tanya, we look at this as a multi-decade investment and we're confident that we can navigate through the current administration to seek full funds approval. So nothing we're waiting for on that front.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Jackie. We certainly look at share buybacks as we have done over the last, as Nancy was talking about in the prepared words. It's our second program, and we've bought back $1.5 billion at less than $49 a share in today's prices, that's a very significant return on investment. So we see it as a tool that is independent to our dividend framework. We believe in talking with our Board that the remaining roughly $500 million in the next 10 months of this year is adequate for us to be able to execute on that aspect of our capital allocation priority, and we will have the discipline as we've demonstrated to only go back in and buy our stock where we see that, that makes good sense. And as we near the end of the year and sit down and talk with our board, we'll see a debate whether it makes sense to think about having another program as we move into 2023. So that will be part of an ongoing discussion with our Board as we look at our different capital allocation priorities. But to answer your question, we think there's ample opportunity with what we've got available to us over the next 10 months to do what we need to do. And we have the cash available to execute on both our dividend framework and on our share buyback.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Cleve. I think that's a terrific question for Rob and he will certainly make sure that he talks about our alliance with Caterpillar and Cripple Creek and Victor and Tanami as well as other things. Over to you, Rob.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Cleve. Our dividend framework is predicated on the fact that at our base dividend of $1 a share, we pay for our reinvestment back in the business over the long term. So those projects are profitable and returning assuming gold is at [$1,200] and Yanacocha sulfide has got other metals associated with it. So our dividend framework reinvestment back in the business comes first, and we pay a base dividend of $1 a share. If every $100 increase above that, we're generating that $400 million of free cash flow every year, of which we're returning 40%. So it is robust and independent of the decisions we have made to reinvest back in the business. Nancy, do you want to pick up in terms of our cash balances and how we think about dividends and share buybacks.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Cleve. Operator, I'm conscious that folks on this call will want to get to another call at the top of the hour. So if you maybe just take 1 more and we'll make sure we've got you free and clear at the top of the hour.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Adam. I'll pick that one up. In terms of both -- particularly -- there's probably 2 factors associated with what's happening in the Ukraine at the moment. We're certainly seeing oil prices go up. It's a diesel price for us. And natural gas prices are going up and natural gas is used to make ammonia, which is then used to make our explosive ammonium nitrate. Both our energy costs make up around 15% of our operating costs. So operating costs are much more dominated by labor at 50% and materials and consumables, it's about 30%. So it's only 15% of our cost base. And as we looked into this year, understanding the volatility that was ahead of us, the uncertainty around COVID, we had factored in on an aggregated basis, escalation into our guidance. And so some of the things that we're seeing now, we've already accommodated in terms of how we thought about our cost guidance. So as we sit here today, we don't see that -- either the impact of the Omicron surge or some of these near-term events impacting our ability to land within our guided number for all-in sustaining cost per ounce. To give you an idea of sensitivity. For every $100 increase in gold price, we generate $400 million of free cash flow. So you're seeing with the current events gold price well over $1,900, and we guided at an $1,800 gold price. Every $10 increase in the barrel of oil represents only $15 million of free cash flow. So it's a significant difference. And again, if I use the same words I was using with Tanya, there's daylight between the sensitivity to gold price and the sensitivity to a barrel of oil.
Tom Palmer: The cost will follow closely with those production numbers. So it's very much cost is being driven by production as we look at those trends. So the trends we talk through at a portfolio level and the different assets that we -- we've talked through over the course of the last few minutes, costs will follow that trend. So as production is increasing, the cost will decrease at similar percentages.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for making the time to the call today, and please look after yourselves and continue to stay safe and healthy. But thank you, everyone, for your time.
