Chuck Jeannes: I think it’s in the range of 60 to 80. We are still working through some of the contracts that while denominated in Argentinean pesos are indexed to a dollar, particularly for international commodities, but I think 60 to 80 remembering that a big portion of that is in the labor cost. 
Chuck Jeannes: It’s a good question to rank the kids, but I would say the thing that we are probably spending the most time on right now is Comino Rojo. I saw very large increase in resource there to over 10 million ounces of gold. We are doing a lot of metallurgical work right now and we plan to start kind of kickoff our pre-feasibility study here in a couple of months. At the same time, the Deep Peñasquito is looking very interesting as well. And the excitement around that is that we know that once we mine out the existing reserves, we will have free strips for that start deposits that we are developing underneath. So lot more work needs to be done there, but I would say if I had to rank them, those would be the two that are highest right now. 
Chuck Jeannes: As we have said in the past we like the discipline that our commitment to investment grade ratings provides in terms of the way we manage our cash and debt levels and we will continue to do that, there is a lot of room in those ratings of course and as you just pointed out we got different near term views from both S&P and Moody’s and I would just say back to the Sysco deal we think we have made a very fair and appropriate offer and until or unless we see something else there is no reason to talk about changing that. 
Chuck Jeannes: First Anita your welcome for the per ton detail. We have always tried to be very transparent and we listened and overtime we improved the reporting as we go. So, in terms of the cost I’m going to pass that over, obviously we use what is in our budget for our current operating cost plans and sustaining cost plans based on our best knowledge today. I guess I’m not sure exactly where you’re going with. 
Chuck Jeannes: No and we actually it's important to us we do not push G&A down to the sites [ph], we want them to be valued and based as businesses and we picked we keep that corporate G&A at our level. 
Chuck Jeannes: I think we feel very clearly that we don’t want to be up into that 30% debt equity ratio and let’s look at what’s happened in our business over the last several years. We have been conservative with the balance sheet. We have stayed down in the teens or even below in terms of our debt to equity and others that have been a little bit more aggressive as soon as the gold price dropped saw stress on the balance sheet. And that’s something we don’t want to do. So recognizing that we are in a business that our revenues cannot be controlled or at least we choose not to control them by hedging. We are going to be more conservative than you might see in manufacturing or other sector in terms of the amount of leverage that we use to try to goose those returns on equity. So we talked about that a lot. We are very clear on it and you won’t see us go there. 
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, I don’t have the numbers of the others ahead of us, but as Lindsay has explained and I have, we are committed to staying strong investment grade and we don’t like the idea of taking that debt to equity ratio up any further. 
Chuck Jeannes: Right. And we don’t provide specific guidance beyond the current year and we have guided for this year at $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion. I can tell you that we expect that number to come down very dramatically in 2015, because... 
Chuck Jeannes: I just said we don’t provide guidance. I am trying to give you some color, because we – as we said earlier are going to be complete in our development and construction spending for Cerro Negro and Éléonore, those big numbers will come off. So if you start at the base, we look at sustaining capital for our current business in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion per year. That’s going to come out the door every year, no matter what, just to sustain the existing mines and replace trucks and do the kinds of things that you need to do at an existing operation. If you add a few bucks for developing and advancing things like Comino Rojo and other capital spending like an El Morro, you can envision yourself getting up into a couple of hundred million more, but not much. 
Chuck Jeannes: Yes, this is Chuck back to the beginning, that did hurt us quite a bit in terms of the capital costs and productivity in building Cerro Negro, because those restrictions very much limited our ability to bring material from outside the country and we had to source it inside at whatever cost. And so the cost went up as you might expect, I think the examples that I have used in the past year is that we had pricing from outside Argentina for our structural steel and then ended up paying almost 400% when we had to source it more than we had planned when we had to source it in country. So those kinds of things though are largely behind us because number one we have now imported nearly everything we need to construct and startup the mine and two as Russell Ball just said they are starting to loosen some of those foreign control so we look for this to improve going forward. 
Chuck Jeannes: Well thank you very much everyone. I appreciate you taking the time. As you’ve heard from all of us I think we’re very excited about the year ahead and we remain focused on operating our mine safely. Continuing to reduce our costs and of course delivering our three new growth projects on schedule and on budget. So we look forward to updating you as our progress advances over the course of the year. Thanks very much. 
