Brian Hill: Barry, it's Brian again. The issue that we had underground was really at the Tanami, and it really had to do with one large major stope that was the main source of production during the quarter. It had intersected a major fault zone in the hanging wall, and there had been some unraveling. That led to some unexpected dilution on grade coming out for the quarter from the Tanami. We're through and finished with that stope, but we've taken some learning from that operation and done some modifications to the stope geometries, access, etcetera. So that's not an issue that we expect to have going forward coming out of the Tanami.
Brian Hill: Barry, from the cost perspective, what we are seeing is we have been experiencing some higher wear, as I mentioned in the process plant, primarily in the primary and secondary pressures. So we've been seeing shorter life coming out of the bowls, mantles and other wear components. That's led us to be changing some of those out quicker and on shorter schedules than we'd originally expected. I guess what we are seeing is we are seeing that the average hours between change out are increasing. So just as everybody works through getting the right wear material, the right composition of wear material, I think we expect to see those numbers come down on wear in the plant. The high-pressure grinding rolls are wearing as expected, which for us we're really pleased about that. We expected to get around 5,200 hours on those and that's precisely what we're seeing. So we've had some wins in the process plant, and we're also seeing some wear issues there, which wasn't unexpected and we'd actually anticipated that. In the mine, what we've experienced is we've tightened up the drill pattern. We're really trying to get that optimum fragmentation size so that we can get the mine to mill process optimized. Our drill spacing is tighter. We've had to do more drilling than we've expected. We've also increased the powder factor. That's still a learning process we're going through, but that's one of the issues contributing to the higher cost. Another issue, too, is we've been trying to get the highest grade through the mine. So we've actually been going to more selective mining and more stockpiling and more re-handle coming off the stockpiles so we can really optimize the grade that we present to the primary crusher and into the plant. So those are really the principle components that have led to the higher operating costs.
Brian Hill: David, no, we haven't made that increase. That's really what we've seen on a historical basis so that hasn't been changed.
Brian Hill: Yes, that's what we expect to see. We've got no reason to not doubt the improved recovery that we've seen so far.
Brian Hill: Yes, we are. As Richard mentioned, that's sort of part of this whole process that we're going through is looking at additional ways we can debottleneck the processing plant. What we really want to do is to get the bottleneck in the grinding circuit, and what we see is that we still got capacity in the grinding circuit and in the wet plant moving forward. And what we'd really like to do is be able to take advantage of that installed capacity, and we'll continue to work on looking at options to debottleneck to get that bottleneck into that part of the plant.
Brian Hill: David, that was we'd actually expected some oxide ore in the Yanacocha pit, which would've been projected to go on to the leach pad. The boundary, they encountered it a little higher up in the pit, and the ore proved to be transitional. So we can't put that on the leach pad, and what we do is, we actually need to run that through the mill. So that ore has gone into the transitional stockpile. So that will be processed through the mill in due course. So that was really just more if you want to call it a one-off event, as they were mining down through this last phase in the Yanacocha pit.
Brian Hill: No, we won't because that probably won't be processed this year. Our plan has us moving back over into Chaquicocha and into El Tapado, where if you recall, last year, we did get higher mill grade ores coming out of those two pits. And so we're expecting to see the mill grade hold up over the balance of the year as we started to move into those two pits for Q3 and Q4.
Brian Hill: David, what we're seeing is we are seeing the high-grade stringers, but so far, with the relatively small amount of tonnage that we've mined. What we're not seeing is the level of continuity that we had expected to see. So that's really what the issue is on the higher grade. The model would have projected more continuity on some of the high-grade stringers when we actually get in and drill them down to ore control, spacings for blast holes, we're just not seeing the same level of continuity. But that doesn't mean that we may not see it come back again in the future, but that's just what we've experienced so far.
Brian Hill: That's right. We're moving into those pits in the second half of this year, and that's traditionally where we've experienced higher mill ore grades. And that's sort of what our expectation is over the second half of the year.
Brian Hill: It depends really on that mix because of leach to mill, but we expect to see, we normally run the mill ore grades are running sort of in that three to four gram per ton range. When we move into the other pits, what we've historically seen is running more in the range of five.
Brian Hill: Not a very significant increase because that's really been planned out on about the same basis in each quarter this year. We're not experiencing significant increase in leach tonnage placed. It's fairly well evenly spread over the year. Most of it will come from getting higher grade, and as we continue to debottleneck the mill, more tonnage through the mill.
Brian Hill: Barry, it's Brian. What we had to do in Q2 with the unseasonable rain, we had is without having access to the bottom of the pit, we ended up having to pull most of the ore off of lower grade stockpiles. So that led to lower than what we had expected production to be for Q2. The pit is dry. We are now operating in the bottom of the pit. The other thing that we've also started is we've also started all of the dry season work, including the work we can do now that we have the pinjim cokeye [ph] [12:13] to be in position for stripping in Phase 6 and all the other drainage work and re-diversion work around the pit that we need to do so we can get stripping going in Phase 6.
Richard O'Brien: So, Barry, let me start. First, please note that the cost estimates that we provided are on a co-product basis. They don't include the byproduct credit, and Brian can talk a little bit more about what we expect with respect to the byproduct credits.
Richard O'Brien: Well, as we said in our release today, we've brought down the estimates based on what we're seeing to date in the model, and those are our best estimates at the current time. We will continue to do all of the extra work that Brian talked about and try to do everything we can to make sure that this grade issue is well defined and that we do the best job we can in the mine to reduce the amount of dilution. So really, as we do look into 2011, our current expectation is that Boddington will be between 850,000 and 925,000 ounces. That's the level that we project today. I would say with only 2% of the reserves mined to date, all the data that Guy has talked about with respect to how we modeled this deposit initially and with the fact that most of this problem is really mining related, not processing related, I got to say, I hold out high hopes that we'll continue to work our way through this positively. I like to have the problems in the mine. That's what we're good at. We will figure this out. The processing plant is running well, and I think with that, I think the expectation is that we can push the processing plant up beyond nameplate capacity. And if we need to put more ore through the mill at a lower grade to get additional recoveries, I hope that that's the plan that we'll be able to put into effect.
Richard O'Brien: I think what it means David, as Brian pointed out earlier, is slightly higher costs at Yanacocha because we had to obviously pay the mining costs to put this into inventory or into stockpile, and it didn't go on to the pads. We're still anticipating we'll be within production and cost guide at Yanacocha, a bit of timing, a little higher into the cost range.
Richard O'Brien: What I said was that those opportunities could collectively represent 30 million to 45 million equity ounces, of which 20 million are in reserves today, that's correct.
Richard O'Brien: And I would just say that I think in particular, if you look at somebody's projects like greater Leeville/Turf, which is one of the ones where we have a pretty high expectation of both delivery, as well as one of the wider ranges of the projects we have, we are doing quite a bit there today in terms of putting some additional drilling in place. As we talked about at investor day, we've authorized an additional 25 million of drilling to go into that project today, which Guy, you might want to just describe a little bit more about what we're up to out there.
Richard O'Brien: And that's a project, which just to remind everybody it's representative of the kinds of projects we're looking to drive higher returns, and in Nevada where we already have infrastructure for processing, and these ounces would bring higher grade with them. It helps us to extend the life of our Nevada reserves, which as you know, if we can bring up the Nevada portfolio over people's expectations of the outward decline for Nevada, that brings up the whole foundation for the company. And there's a lot of good work with respect to costs that can happen as a result of higher grade deposits and the right chemistry, which Leeville provides us with out of Nevada.
Richard O'Brien: Jorge, it's Randy. Now really, when you look at the total mix there between what we have coming out of the Nevada portfolio, what we have out of Conga and Akyem and Hope Bay collectively, there's probably 1.5 million to 2 million ounces of annual production across the entire advanced stage development portfolio. So when you're thinking, when you're trying to break it out between what's in reserve and what's in resource, there will certainly be a conversion effort with a good chunk of that conversion coming out of the ounces out of Hope Bay, as an example. But then over time, those will work their way into arguably incremental additional ounces as time goes on. But out of the gate, I think you should think about it in total as about 1.5 million to 2 million ounces.
Richard O'Brien: Well, look, we're giving you our best estimate for today. It's a wider range because it's next year. We're only 2% of the way into this. I'd tell you, we've given you what we think is our best estimate, but as Brian has said, we are going to work hard, particularly in the mine to see what we can do to reduce dilution in the processing plant, to increase past nameplate capacity. And I would say, if you think a $0.90 exchange rate over the next several years and $80 oil is an appropriate assumption, that's what we've assumed. If you think it could be less than that, and there are certainly things we could do today to make it be less than that if we wanted to hedge part of our further hedge part of our exposure, we could probably bring that cost level down on some of those sort of fixed costs.
Richard O'Brien: Thank you all very much for attending today and for accommodating our change in schedule. So we appreciate your attention and look forward to talking to you again either before or at next quarter end. So thanks again and have a great day, everybody.
Richard O'Brien: Thanks, John, and good morning. For those of you with access to our webcast presentation, we will start on Slide 3 with an overview of the investment thesis for Newmont. First, our ongoing focus on execution and maintaining our operating track record has been and will continue to be job one for us. With consistent operational execution comes gold price leverage and strong cash flow generating capacity, which in turn, provides us with balance sheet strength and the flexibility to invest in our business. Delivering operating performance today provides us with the possibilities of the future. As we've described before, our current balance sheet and free cash flow generation afford us the ability to essentially pre-fund our $4 billion to $5 billion pipeline of advanced projects. Finally, we continue to focus on maintaining a position of leadership in the areas of safety, the environmental and social responsibility, as well as employee development. These leadership positions are the cornerstone upon which our business continues to be built. Moving to Slide 4, as I noted before, our focus on dedication to operational execution is job one. During the second quarter, Newmont produced 1.3 million equity ounces of gold at cost applicable to sales of $492 per ounce, with our North American region contributing 36% of total quarterly equity gold production, South America contributing 14% and Africa contributing 10%. Our Asia-Pacific region contributed the remaining 40% of our quarterly gold production and the majority of our 80 million pounds of equity copper production.  Within our APAC region, our newest mine, Boddington, continues ramping up to full capacity and produced 184,000 ounces of gold and 15 million pounds of copper in the quarter. We are maintaining our overall outlook for full year 2010 gold and copper production, capital expenditures and gold operating costs within the original ranges we provided in February, although lower production at Yanacocha, higher cost ramp up production at Boddington, higher gold royalties and taxes, as well as adverse movements in the Australian dollar continue to put upward pressure on our costs, which suggest we'll end the year toward the top end of this CAS range. Turning to Slide 5, as I noted before, our strong cash flow generation, coupled with over $6 billion of liquidity, affords us considerable flexibility to profitably develop our business and generate returns to our shareholders. In the second quarter, we generated $753 million of operating cash flow, up about 50% over last year and $434 million of free cash flow. For the first two quarters, we generated a total of approximately $1.5 billion of operating cash flow and $875 million of free cash flow. As you may have also seen earlier this week, Moody's upgraded our senior debt rating from a rating of BAA2 to BAA1. As this slide highlights, we intend to continue to invest our free cash flow and available liquidity in a combination of project development, exploration and value-oriented acquisition opportunities. In addition to investing in our business when our liquidity and free cash flow generating capacity allows, we will also look for opportunities to return capital to shareholders. Today, we are pleased to announce that the board has approved a 50% increase in our regular quarterly dividend to $0.15 per share, or an indicated annual dividend of $0.60 per share, effective September 29. We believe that our business is strong enough to both reinvest capital at attractive returns and offer higher dividends in a higher metal price environment, which we feel positions us uniquely in the gold equity market, as well as against the gold ETF. As we discussed during our investor day in Boston, we're intent on providing investors with a sustainable range of gold and copper production over time that offers current and ongoing exposure to gold price, as well as competitive financial returns. We continue to see numerous internal attractive project development opportunities. Akyem and Conga, along with Hope Bay, Greater Leeville/Turf and Gold Quarry West Wall collectively represent up to 30 million to 45 million equity ounces of potential reserve and resource development, of which approximately 20 million are currently in proven and profitable reserves. We believe the combination of our pipeline of projects and our exploration portfolio will continue to allow us to extend the lives of our operating regions for many years to come. I'll now turn the presentation over to Russell Ball, our CFO, who will provide further details on our second quarter results.
Richard O'Brien: Thanks, Brian. Turning to Slide 15, I want to reiterate that safety, environmental stewardship, sustainability and leadership in corporate social responsibility remain the hallmarks of our business, and we believe these attributes offer us a competitive advantage. For the third consecutive year, we've been selected to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. We're also ranked 16th overall on the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list co-filed by Corporate Responsibility Magazine., and Newmont is the sole mining company featured in the top 20. In addition, in May, we were announced as the winner of 2010 Global Business Coalition Award for our Workplace Malaria and HIV/AIDS program in Ghana. And just in the past few weeks, Newmont was awarded the 2010 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award. This is the highest honor presented by the U.S. Government to employers who provide outstanding support to employees serving in the Guard and Reserve. We're very proud to support our employees who dedicate their time and effort to the Reserves and to our country, and we appreciate the government's recognition of our employee support. Turning to the last slide, in summary, we continue to generate significant free cash flow in the strong metal price environment. We're pleased to be in a position to increase cash returns to our shareholders in the form of a dividend increase, as well as to continue to drive sustainable longer-term returns, through developing our most prospective projects, continuing to fund exploration opportunities and considering strategic value-oriented M&A transactions. We do anticipate a strong second half of the year as we continue to focus on execution, and we are confident that we can once again deliver on our annual guidance for production, costs applicable to sales and capital expenditures, generating operating cash flow that is leveraged to gold price and allows us to reinvest in our business and return cash to shareholders. And with that, I'd like to thank you all for listening and open the call for questions.
Richard O'Brien: No, I don't think it's going to be the bumper fourth quarter results. I think with the ramp up of Boddington, with higher leach pad placement at Yanacocha and with Batu really coming into the dry season, I think all of those things over the next two quarters will really put us in the position where we're going to deliver on the year. We will see some ramp up towards the year end. We have had the traditional second quarter shutdown of one of our mills in Nevada, but I don't think it's that traditional fourth quarter big push. This is all well within our plan.
Richard O'Brien: I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Guy. First I would say this is a project Boddington, which has been really well within Newmont and previous to that, Normandy's control, and I think based on a lot of data that we have analyzed over time and had many others analyze, I got to tell you, I'm very confident with the work we did in modeling and the reserve work we've done, as well as the design of the process plant. And first and foremost, we had processing issues at Phoenix from day one. We have not seen that at all from Boddington. In terms of recoveries, we're seeing very good recoveries out of the mill at Boddington. We didn't see that when we started up Phoenix. With respect to the reserves and model, I'll turn it over to Guy.
Richard O'Brien: So Barry, I'd just summarize by saying I think Brian and the team felt at the end of the first quarter that we'd probably be ahead of our estimates for the year just based on first quarter performance, and now it looks like we're probably more likely to be right on our estimates for the year.
Richard O'Brien: I don't have the answer to that. We'll come back to you with that. Sorry, Barry, John will come back to you.
Russell Ball: Barry, Russ. I'd just add we're into the wet season down there, and we spent a significant amount this quarter on road base and getting the roads in shape to get the truck productivity up. So those costs, while we will have an ongoing component of those, we had a big effort this quarter really to get the roads in shape. I'd also, Barry, just point you to your earlier question on buying co-products. If you look at Page 12 on the release, you'll see Boddington broken down on both a co-product and a byproduct and the 582 represents the co-product, as Richard said, byproduct it's about 503 for the quarter.
Russell Ball: Yes, David. It's Russ. Yes, that shipment has actually gone. Like I said, we had a vessel due in right at the end of the quarter, and there was some logistical challenges in whatever harbor it was in and so it showed up a little late. So those sales have already gone. So that will be caught up in the third quarter. As Brian mentioned, the rainy season generally comes mid-to-late October. So the function of the third quarter will be dependent and the fourth, quite frankly, on when the rain comes, but today it looks very good.
Russell Ball: Yes, the mark-to-market that we saw at quarter end that hurt us about $0.06, we marked to $296. As I said, I think copper was trading $325 this morning so we'll get most if not all of that back and then some. So you're right, it should be good third quarter.
Russell Ball: Yes, so we mark essentially the 90 to 120 days in concentrate sales that are outstanding at quarter end because of the contracts we have in place to the quarter end spot price, which is $296 and then the forward curve out to the next three, four months. So when we did that adjustment as the price was falling during the quarter, we recognized provisional sales, we market to that $296. So we essentially compared what we had on the books versus the spot price. Those price, the final price we'll get on those pounds of copper is a function of the price over that entire 90 to 120 day period. So you're taking an average. We took a point in time, which was close to the low, and you're now seeing the spot price go back up. So that average will climb. So that the final price we get is a function of obviously the date of shipment and essentially the average spot price over that 90 to 120 days. So you can see as copper prices climb, we'll get the benefit not only on sales in the quarter, but that mark-to-market coming through from what was receivable at the end of the quarter.
Russell Ball: It was 174 million pounds that we marked, and we can get you some more details, Dave, if you want, after on the exact mechanics of the calculation, and it is one that can impact the results. And is one that we just need to maybe educate and provide a little more information to you guys on because it is a big number at the end of the day, and it swings pretty quickly depending on volatile spot prices.
Russell Ball: It's all TC/RC. So we paid the treatment charge and then a refining charge and it's built in, and that's been pretty consistent at levels you've seen in the quarter over the last couple of years. We net that against revenue so you don't actually see that as a cost. So if you look on Page 45 of the Q, you can see we had for the quarter $313 gross less the provisional we've been talking about of $0.62, gave us $251 and less treatment of refining charges of about $0.18 a pound. There's a flex component of that, and then there's also a price participation piece that's a function of copper price, and that's why you see it down over the previous year.
Russell Ball: Yes, Heather, it's Russ. We've been all following that through our D.C. office, and there's nothing in that legislation we don't do today. So from our impact, it's really de minimis. There's some additional reporting requirements, not only on gold but on a lot of the base metals, particularly around the DRC, those surrounding countries, not an issue for us. We already essentially publish what we pay so we actually welcome it, the transparency. So in this case, we're forcing more legislation, quite frankly
Russell Ball: Thanks, Richard. Good morning, all. Moving to Slide 6, as Richard previously mentioned, equity gold production for the quarter was approximately 1.3 million ounces, an increase of 10% and at an average realized gold price of $1,200 an ounce, an increase of 31%. Gold operating margins expanded 44% to $708 an ounce, despite a 16% increase in operating costs. Moving to Slide 7. I wanted to spend a little time discussing the reasons for the increase in operating costs. As you can see on the waterfall, lower production at Yanacocha, where we encountered unexpected transitional wall that was stockpiled for future processing through the mill and higher cost production at Boddington, which Brian Hill will cover shortly, were the primary drivers of higher costs for the quarter. Higher silver byproduct credits offset some of the cost increases, which you can see represented on that waterfall. Turning to copper on Slide 8. Production increased 56% to 80 million pounds as a result of Phase V mining at Batu Hijau and the ramp up at Boddington. The average realized copper price of $233 per pound improved by 7% from the year-ago quarter, but included a provisional pricing adjustment of $0.62 a pound. Higher operating costs were due to higher milling costs at Batu Hijau and higher cost Boddington production coming online. Moving to Slide 9. For the second quarter, we generated revenue of $2.2 billion, a 38% increase. Net operating cash flow from continuing operations was $753 million, a 49% increase, and adjusted net income rose to $377 million or $0.70 a share, an increase of 79%. For the quarter, reported net income was negatively impacted by a couple of items. You might have noticed we had a higher effective tax rate of 33.6% versus 29.6% in 2009 and approximately 15% in the first quarter. The difference of roughly 4% quarter-on-quarter impacted earnings per share by about $0.07 a share. Notwithstanding a higher tax rate this quarter, our effective tax rate for 2010 remains unchanged at between 24% and 28%. We had a copper provisional pricing adjustment, as previously mentioned, of about $79 million, which impacted earnings per share by about $0.06 a share.  We marked to market at quarter end at $296 a pound. I think this morning checking earlier, copper was trading around $325, so we will see most of that come back in the third quarter. And finally, we had a delayed shipment of about 30,000 tons of copper concentrate from Batu Hijau that was scheduled for quarter end, and it got rolled into the third quarter, which impacted earnings by about $0.03. So you can see the impact of that on the second quarter, and most of that will come back in the third quarter. So when you step back and look at it, I think the key job for us to deliver significant gold price leverage to the bottom line and that's what you saw in the quarter. We had a 79% increase in earnings per share on a 31% increase in average realized gold price. I will now turn it over to Brian Hill, our Executive Vice President of Operations to discuss our regional operating results for the quarter.
Guy Lansdown: Jorge, this is Guy. Jorge, these projects are projected to be developed over the next four to five years, so we'd see progressively bringing it into place over the next say two to four years.
Guy Lansdown: Yes. I can talk a bit more about Leeville/Turf. At Leeville, as we've said in the past, we've had some really good results in terms of trying to understand the wingspan, that horizontal extent of the deposit. And as we've said just to recap, in the process we see the potential to get up to 6 million ounces of reserve in NRM. As Richard said, we've looked at putting another $25 million of funding into this because of the great success we've had earlier in the year, and that would support 22 new surface holes that would extend the project 3,500 meters or two miles north and about 1,000 meters east and the west from the Leeville shaft. We've drilled six of those holes on the program, with the first three holes complete and results are still pending. But a lot of excitement around Leeville, and still trying to get our hands around what the bigger project looks like. While we're doing that, we're also looking at how to optimize this from a throughput perspective. Do we need more shafts? What's the best way to exploit the asset that we've got out there. So really excited about that one.
Guy Lansdown: And I guess just to build on the projects that sit in that 30 million to 45 million ounces, we've got Conga and Akyem, of which big portions are in reserve already. Gold Quarry West Hall and greater Leeville/Turf at portions that are in reserve and NRM, but those are where we'd expect to see developing more reserve and NRM over the course of the next several years. The other bigger project is Hope Bay, of course, that's early stage and over the course, again, of the next several years we'd look at bringing those into NRM and reserve.
Guy Lansdown: We have said that we've got a 12% effective difference on gold from a contained gold perspective and 23% difference increase on the copper grade. That's overall, if you look at the ore that we've mined to date, the grade itself has reduced on the gold front from between 10% to 15%.
Guy Lansdown: This is Guy. I can give you a quick update. We're currently on track with our Sealift, bit focus on the Sealift that comprises 12 barges, six tugs and three ships. We've got about 22 million liters of fuel and 20,000 of cargo, which is all scheduled to arrive at Roberts Bay in August/September. So we're going to have a very busy time up there, but in addition to that, key contracts were in place for the decline, which we anticipate starting later in the year, as well as the infrastructure construction. So that includes roads and camps. We've also completed 42 kilometers of drilling, and we'll continue to update our models and advance of our studies. So overall, we are very happy with the progress the project is making, and we're looking forward to making good progress as we go forward now.
Guy Lansdown: John, just to talk about Phoenix, I believe Boddington is not at all like Phoenix, and there's many important differential. First of all, Phoenix experienced a number of issues related to the oxide zone. There was a much bigger oxide zone in the Phoenix deposit that caused problems in the mill. The mill wasn't designed to handle that. At Boddington, all of our material is primarily sulfide so we're not going to see that issue. Phoenix had a significant amount of historical data in non-core drilling that has proved be biased, and that led an overestimation of gold. At Boddington, most of the drilling is being completed under the control of Newmont and its partners. And finally, Phoenix has coarse gold that led to estimation issues and difficulties in ore control misclassification. The deposit type at Phoenix is SCRUM and those are notoriously difficult to model and predict. Boddington is not a SCRUM deposit, and while coarse gold does exist, the gold particle size is much finer and it doesn't make up as large a percentage of the contained metal as it did at Phoenix. Also building on what Richard said, there's been a tremendous amount of work done on the model itself. There's a number of work done by many, many different sources. We've got a strong underlying drill hole database that we've had numerous external audits and continuous QA/QC programs. The data is dominated by core drilling, which had excellent recovery and check assays during the course of the feasibility study suggested that the database was actually conservative. Now just building on the reviews that have been done, we had 10 external reviews during the feasibility study and eight external reviews since that time. Numerous internal reviews by Newmont and, of course, we had our partners Newcrest and Anglo involved at the same time. So in addition to that, we mine test pits early on, which demonstrated the grade should have been above expectation. Additionally, it's a very large deposit, it's very well drilled and it should be robust, and I have to reemphasize that it's still very early days with only 2% of the ore body mined to date. But we've got a much better database and much more confidence in the underlying data for this deposit.
