Tom Palmer: Thanks, Jackie. I tend to answer that question as best I can, whilst respecting the need for that the ability -- the restrictions on being able to comment. We will certainly, in due diligence -- so first and foremost, we'll go through that due diligence process is exclusivity period for four weeks, but we remain disciplined in terms of understanding that information and assessing that and making our judgments and decisions. And it is a core capability of Newmont. We have a -- part of our operating model is the capability of our operating and technical teams. And so when it comes to due diligence, we have a very strong team who are very experienced in doing this work. So we're applying the full force of the Newmont organization on this due diligence exercise and we will work diligently through that process and then make our judgments, assuming that they will work well and -- sorry, Jackie.
Tom Palmer: Sorry, Jackie. Assuming that progresses well, and we were -- we reached a binding agreement, then there would be the regulatory approvals to work through. We've got the Australian, the Papua New Guinea, the United States and Canada. And so it really becomes an understanding of those approval pathways and ultimately, moving to close is dependent upon that. That's still a little bit into the future and work in progress. So that normally takes a few months to work through those steps. In terms of one of the real strengths of -- and the strategic rationale of this deal of which there are many, one of the real strengths is that we already have an operating model and an infrastructure in Australia and in Canada. So if you think about an integration exercise, we already have meals and a full business unit operating out of Australia. General managers report to me. We have a finance team, an HR team, a legal team, a sustainability and external relations team and technical team. So an integration in Australia involves two operations becoming part of Mia's team. She currently has Boddington and Tanami. When I was RSVP down in Australia, we had Boddington, Tanami, we had Waihi over in New Zealand, we had Jundee, we had KCGM. So we're scalable in terms of being able to accommodate additional operations, exactly the same circumstance plays out in Canada, where we already have Éléonore, Musselwhite, Porcupine, Cripple Creek and Victor reporting through to Bernard Wessels and his North American leadership team. So again, Brucejack and Red Chris can fit very comfortably into that scalable organization. For Lihir, Papua New Guinea is a new jurisdiction, very similar to when we're in Indonesia with Batu Hijau. I joined Newmont over nine years ago as the Senior Vice President for Indonesia, based in Jakarta, managing the external relations with Indonesia and the Batu Hijau operation. And I think there are some analogies between how I think about or how we think about Lihir and PNG and what we did very successfully for many, many years in Indonesia.  So Jackie, hopefully, that gives you some flavor of how we think about integration.
Tom Palmer: Yes, Jackie, I think that's too far into the future as best you can look into the crystal ball the work of those approval process. It's still -- we're in the hands of working through appropriate those approval processes, but I think it's a shorter time frame than what you just articulated.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Jackie. Maybe I'll talk specifically to Pamour. I mean Pamour is a layback of an existing open pit. So it's really -- as we deplete the ore out of Hollinger in the middle of Timmins and we move across to Pamour, that we're already dewatering as part of the closure plans, then Pamour is really Hollinger's replacement in terms of the provision of the lower grade ore to supplement ore -- on -- it's a high grade underground ore through the mill of Porcupine. So it’s a very straightforward layback open pit replacement investment decision. We are just working through the diligent process of reaching -- working towards full fronts at the end of the year. We got some early long lead items coming in in terms of getting some fleet on the ground as the water comes out of that pit to able to get a good start at that. So that sort of sits there independent of anything else that maybe happening. It’s just natural progression of the veins in that mine and that decision -- assuming it continues to meet our hurdle rates, we will enable Porcupine to run for many more years to come profitably.  Yanacocha Sulfides, we have got Dean Gehring, still dedicated to that, Chief Development Officer Peru, focused on understanding all options for the Yanacocha Sulfides through to and including, not presenting with the project and putting it into care or maintenance and Dean is still diligently working through that process with the team in Peru. And we have got a second half of '24 decision to be made there. So that is also independent of already a team that maybe happening externally, that is a process that Dean will continue to work through with that timeframe in mind.  More generally, if we were to be successful in the acquisition, I would point you to our track record with Goldcorp where within the first 12 months we did work to rationalized the portfolio and to look to resequence projects so that we stayed true to our capital allocation strategy in terms of the strength of our balance sheet, a steady reinvestment in the business and leading returns to our shareholders. And that would be the same strategy that we would apply if we were in a situation where we were working through an integration of a combined portfolio.  The mantra at Newmont which has been a key philosophy of how we approach our work for well over a decade is value over volume and value over volume would apply if this transaction would have been successful. 
Tom Palmer: No, I don’t believe there Mexican approval is needed, Tanya. I think it’s the jurisdictions in which they are operating. So I am just looking to Peter, I don’t believe that…
Tom Palmer: Tanya, just checking with the team, you break a little bit on this, Tanya. So we are just checking the percentage wise. So it’s 50 plus 1 for Newmont. We believe that is the case. And it’s 2/3 for Newcrest, we believe that’s the case. If that is incorrect, we will circle back and clarify that. 
Tom Palmer: Certainly -- starting point in the coproduct will be certainly within guidance. There’s no changes there. Then in terms of the weighting, if I look across the Boddington and Peñasquito is where we have the coproducts Tanya, copper at Boddington, Boddington were in the high grades in the first half, maybe into lower grades, part of mine in the second. So copper production 52 first half, 48 second half copper production out of Boddington.  And then when you look at Peñasquito we are weighted to the second half for silver, lead and zinc. Silver 44-56 first half to second half. Zinc, about 40-60 first half to second half. And lead about 45-55 first half to second half. The geo for the year certainly within the guidance ranges that we provided. 
Tom Palmer: Yes, thanks, Tanya. Maybe for others on the call that might not be following Mexico as closely. Just in the last week or so the Congress in Mexico approved an amendment to a version an initiative that’s around the forming a legal framework for the mining industry. So it’s got through Congress and in a legislative process that now continues through and to the Senate for further debate discussions. So there's still some uncertainty around the scope of the reform. So it's difficult to speculate on what the impacts might be on the mining industry or specifically on Newmont. So as this is working its way through, we're certainly going through our process of doing our regular reviews of what's been proposed in that initiative and closely monitoring that process, but working also through the Mexican mining chamber, who has taken the lead with this matter on behalf of the mining industry in Mexico. It's an important legal reform. And so we would expect and hope that the Senate promotes some open and constructive dialogue with all parties that are involved. And that's just not the mining companies, that's the communities, the local and municipal governments and the lawmakers responsible for analyzing this initiative. So it's in that stage where we would hope and expect that there is a very active discussion and debate on this reform. There are some -- when you start to review mining frameworks that there is an opportunity to promote greater competition, to promote greater transparency in the sector, to work towards better safety and compliance standards provide more job opportunities and have benefits in terms of social and economic benefits. So I would hope that, that debate is conducted and with the full group of stakeholders involved and looking to improve circumstances in Mexico as a consequence. So early days, a long way to go. Our expectation and our hope is that there is a critical debate that takes place in Mexico.
Tom Palmer: That's our understanding, Tanya. As I say, we -- that's our understanding, but we're working through to make sure we fully understand that. It's more about -- it's more about future concessions as opposed to current.
Tom Palmer: Anita, I think the two parts to answer that question. We have an operating model that is scalable to be able to integrate the existing 5 operations at Newcrest with our 12 managed operations and manage those operations safely and effectively. But our focus is on value over volume. We still got a lot of work to do in the context of Newcrest will be inappropriate to comment specifically on Newcrest given it's a live engagement. But we certainly look back at our playbook and our experience with Goldcorp where we divested KCGM, Red Lake, Continental Gold within the first 12 months and brought in the $1.5 billion in proceeds. So as we work through our due diligence on this live transaction and we think about portfolio rationalization, value over volume and synergies, we've got 4 years of experience on muscle memory capability within our team that we draw upon. And we look to that experience to then think about this potential opportunity. So I know I'm being a bit vague because it's a live engagement. But hopefully, you can see the playbook that we have followed over the last 4 years with value over volume being front and center.
Tom Palmer: So as Red Lake, our 50% share in KCGM. And if you recall, we had an interesting Continental Gold in the Buriticá project in Colombia. So we completed those 3 divestments within the first 12 months. That was $1.5 billion. And then we spent the last 4 years cleaning up the noncore equity portfolio, which Triple Flag was the last -- one of the last pieces of that. And that's actually brought in over $700 million of proceeds over the last 4 years.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Anita. I probably -- this is a live engagement. We will remain disciplined in terms of decisions we made as to whether it proceeds or not. And we know we have -- we know very, very well if we were successful, that's involved in integrating and delivering synergies. This is -- if this were to come off, it's a transformational transaction. And our focus would be on delivering on our commitments, and we have the experience of knowing what's involved in that. And we will be applying all of that experience for some time to deliver that value.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, Greg, I'm going to kick off and Rob spends -- Rob will talk to Peter at NGM every couple of weeks. And so we -- there's a very close working relationship and often that is about less around ounces and costs and also around how we can work together on safety, improving safety performance. And there's probably a couple of comments I mean, Greg, is -- it's important. We always have a chronic unease around Sage performance, although we've had a period of time where we've been fatality-free as an organization, I've certainly in my 35 years in mining live through some tragic fatal accidents. And we still have, on average every 10 days, a significant potential event that could a bit vitality. So it's a sensor chronic ones and the things you need to be doing to understand your fatality risks and those critical controls that need to be in place. We don't spend a lot of time on the ground in the operations that we don't manage. So we don't have that in-depth knowledge of what may or may not be happening on the ground at an operation that we don't manage, but we do have a whole bunch of things that we do and we look to share. And I think that's the best thing that we can do, whether it be with NGM as a not joint venture, whether it be with a mining company that we've got no working relationship with, but we're in the same industry. But Robert, maybe give you a flavor of how we think about supporting whether it be NGM or anyone else when it comes to some of the things we try and do when it comes to improving safety performance.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Greg. We -- it's something that is part of the -- when we think about the confirmatory due diligence, there's all the stuff you do going into data rooms and pouring through resource models and mine plans and the like, an important part of confirmation due diligence is getting on the ground. So whether it be Newcrest or any other potential acquisition we might be looking at, what's very important for us in making our judgment about whether it's a fair value and a transaction we proceed with is getting on the ground with our technical people, but also senior leaders. So as we think about due diligence and site visits, folks like Rob, Aaron Puna, Dean Gehring, all on my team with the Bernard Wessels, Mia Gous, the Francois Hardy, so all very senior operational leaders. As I say, whether it be in the context of a live engagement or any other due diligence we do, having senior leaders on the ground, spending -- you need to spend a day, but you learn a lot walking around an operation within a day in terms of the culture of that operation, in particularly the safety culture. And that is a very important part of our due diligence process and certainly part of a due diligence process that we would be doing in this live engagement. So I can't comment specifically on this particular engagement, but rather that -- it is an important part of our decision-making process, and we send our most senior people to site and safety and safety culture is a fundamental part of that due diligence process.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Anita. Really, really important question. And Alex Bates is the name of the person who you're remembering who was the Senior Vice President of our Australian operation and has been working directly for me over the last year, spending time on each of our sites in, as I say, those small focus groups in one-on-one discussions. These are issues that exist in society. So it's every workplace, whether in mining or every else and around the world. And I can say that with confidence now because we're in 8 countries around the world and Alex has completed his engagements at every one of our operations and the consistency and the stories and the personal experiences reflect that these issues exist in every society and certainly in the countries that we work in. So it exists in every workplace, including ours, and I'm confident to say every other mining company as a result. When we think about the work we need to do to change behaviors and improve workplace culture, very deliberately asked Alex to do the work, one, because he has the operational experience. He understands operations and what happens on Saturday nights on back shifts on night shifts and all the rest of it. He also is representative of the group of people whose behaving needs to change in order for us to change the culture and workplace. It's those people with power and privilege. It's people with power and privilege you need to change their behavior. And typically, in our mining industry, certainly in the Western world, it's a lot like Alex, they look a lot like their middle-aged white meat. And so it is about creating dissidence in terms of whose behavior needs to change, how do we change our behavior to create a more respectful workplace. When I think about any potential transaction and integration, whether it be Newcrest or any other company I would -- our approach would be to apply the same things that we're going to have to do within our own operations in terms of setting expectations for what is acceptable behavior to be equipping our leaders with the skills to understand what is inappropriate behavior and address it early on to ensure that we are creating safe work environments many mining operations have accommodation caps. How we're thinking about safe work environments and our accommodation camps, not only for the men and women who work in our mining operations, but importantly, for those people who cater and clean in those accommodation villages. How do we ensure that we have the person at the center of any event that occurs. And we're supporting the person as we work through any particular issue that may present in terms of billing harassment racism and the like. So the actions that we're looking to develop and take at Newmont if we were successful in acquiring Newcrest would be exactly the same actions that we would be applying at a set of Newcrest operations. So nothing specifically that we do. We have a lot of work to do. The industry has a lot of work to do, or frankly, society has a lot of work to do to improve the behavior that's in or places around the world.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, operator, and thank you, everyone, for your time this morning, and please enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks all.
Rob Atkinson: Yes, we do that we're really focused in two areas, very strong recruitment and we've been able to do that very successfully across the three operations. And also just really making sure that our current workforce are turning up for work. So a very strong focus on absenteeism and lead management, and those are both paying off a very significant dividend. So the situation we had last year is vastly different this year. So we're in good shape.
Rob Atkinson: I'll touch on the first issue that you mentioned is that, without a doubt, the performance in Canada has been very, very positive across the board in terms of the development meters and also the material movement, et cetera. So we're very, very pleased with the physical performance. And that also goes into the way in which the plant operates, our recovery, solution losses, et cetera, as well as the underground. So across the Board, we're very pleased with the productivities. But Brian's got some detailed answers in terms of the ASIC.
Rob Atkinson: Sure. Thanks, Anita. The lower consumables, primarily the fact that Tanami was down for 32 days with the weather impacts in the Northern territory. That's the main contributor to that Q1 explanation for consumables in terms of the cost base. As you said, the Q1 unit cost is driven by the 21% weighting in the first quarter. As we look at the end of March and then thinking about the remaining 9 months, the assumptions we made around inflation across our cost base, 50% of our cost base is labor, both employees and contracted services, next 30% is consumables, the next 15% is fuel and energy. The assumptions we have made after the 3 months of the year are holding true. So not seeing any alleviation on our assumptions yet. We're watching that very closely, but not seeing anything that's particularly different from what we've assumed.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks very much, Tom. And just building on that, Greg, is that we certainly are very, very open to sharing that we've been on a journey, which has had an awful lot of lessons in the past. And those lessons have led to some of the systems that we've developed, and we're very open to sharing those. And we have shared those with our colleagues at NGM. There's certainly very good people at NGM who are working very hard and the tragedies have really shook them to the core, and they're really doing a lot of work in terms of the planning. And when I referred to the discussions that we had, it was about just bouncing off on another what we've done, what's worked for us and what they believe could work there. But they certainly had some challenges, major turnover, et cetera, a lot of new people at Nevada Gold Mines. And they are very committed to changing there. But we have shared our fatality risk management system. We have shared our methodology in terms of the importance of the prestarts, the importance of visible and felt and engage leadership. We have shared our views on very much a caring culture. And those are the things which I'm absolutely sure will be duly considered and taken on board. But the conversations we have performance.
Anita Soni: Sure. Okay. Remind me of the divestitures that you did with the Goldcorp transaction. I think there were just two, right? Red Lake and...
Anita Soni: Okay. And then I guess my next question would be, I mean, it's been about 4 years since the last major transaction. If this deal were to close, do you think you'd be done for a while? Or would you be looking to do something else, I guess, I thought I'd ask.
Anita Soni: So I just wanted to talk about the issues you talked about in Western Australia. I feel that it was important enough to make your conference call, we should probably delve into that a little bit more. And I do recall meeting the gentleman that you appointed, I can't recall his name, but to head up that initiative. But it's no secret that Newcrest has been at the center of some of these issues. So I'm just trying to understand how ultimately you propose to improve some of their operations, but also deal with the hot roll issues that Newcrest has around sexual harassment and -- in respect of work, they have a program in place called respect at work, which I'm not sure if it's yielded any results yet or not. But I just wanted to see how you guys were thinking about that and would approach that. Obviously, you acknowledged that you've had some issues yourself, but I just want to see how you're thinking about that in the context of a larger company that is now far more focused in Australia.
Anita Soni: Okay. Well, thank you for that work. There's a woman in mining and one who spent some time in the field. It's definitely important work for sure.
