Richard O'Brien: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. For those of you with access to our webcast presentation, I’d like to begin on slide three. With our average realized gold price up 22% to $1,106 per ounce and our average realized copper price up 97% to $3.33 per pound from the first quarter of 2009, our first quarter operating cash flow increased from $381 million to $728 million. Our revenues also rose, increasing from $1.5 billion to $2.2 billion while our adjusted net income improved from $199 million to $408 million. As these financial results clearly indicate, we continue to offer investors substantial gold and copper price leverage. As shown on slide four, we also continue to meet our operating targets. During the first quarter of this year, we produced 1.3 million equity ounces of gold and 90 million equity pounds of copper, with cost applicable to sales of $480 per ounce of gold and $0.78 per pound of copper. For the year, we continue to expect gold cost applicable to sales of between $450 to $480 per ounce. In 2010, we are experiencing pressures relative to our full year 2009 CIS [ph] of $417 per ounce, primarily driven by lower production volumes in Nevada, Peru, and Ghana, and as a function of higher cost underground production at Nevada and higher mill production at Yanacocha. The lower cost production from Boddington should offset some of these operating costs, as we ramp up the full production towards the end of this year. Additionally, the remaining third of the year’s increase over last year in CIS I is a result of higher gold prices and an unfavorable Australian dollar exchange rate. Despite these operating cost pressures, we continue to expect full year performance in line with our existing outlook. We continue to advance our development projects with encouraging results. During the first quarter, we made progress with our engineering, optimization, permitting, and community relations (inaudible) Conga, Akyem, Hope Bay, and Nevada projects. Collectively, these opportunities currently represent up to $30 million to $40 million targeted equity ounces, a potential reserve and resource development opportunities, approximately $20 million of which are currently in proven and probable reserves, which could grow with positive exploration results over time. Our first quarter financial and operational results speak to the strength of our commitment to execution and increasing our financial returns, as well as to the dedication of our employees around the world to deliver safely on our plans and provide the highest value to our shareholders. Moving to slide five, we remain bullish on metal prices. Robust fundamentals, including evidence of a rebounding jewelry market in India and growth in the jewelry market in China, plus sustained industry inflows and historically low Central Bank sales continue to support gold price performance during the first quarter of 2010. On the supply side, European and Central Bank sales were near zero, while Russia brought approximately 8 tons of gold in the first quarter, as it continues its gold purchasing program. With Central Bank sales essentially non-existent and some countries actually buying gold, extra supplies not being pushed into the market causing supply to tighten even further. In addition to these factors, we believe mine supply will also remain constrained due to declining grades on a global basis. On the demand side, many developing economies are recovering faster than the developed counterparts, especially in countries like India and China, which are key markets for gold consumption. The continued recovery of these developing nations should have a positive impact on gold demand. In addition, medium-term concerns surrounding sovereign debt rates in some regions are likely to favor gold, as investors put their trust in gold rather than currency. Overall, investment interest in gold remains very strong, as demonstrated by a record high for the amount of gold held by ETFs reached in the first quarter. In copper, we believe a strong pricing environment will continue to be driven by a revival of consumption both in the West and in China. Additionally, the tight copper concentrate supply will likely keep upward pressure on pricing as demonstrated by relatively low smelter processing charges. I’d now like to turn the presentation over to Russell Ball, our CFO, who will get further into the details of our quarter.
Richard O'Brien: Thanks, Guy. As previously announced, we recently completed the sale of the 2009 portion of the divestiture shares under our contracted work at our Batu Hijau operation in Indonesia. As you recall, in the fourth quarter, we obtained a 17% effective equity ownership interest in PTNNT as a result of a loan made to our Indonesian equity partner. As you see on slide 14, at year-end, we directly own 35.44% of Batu Hijau through our NTP investment with Sumitomo. Adding the 17% collateral ownership, our year-end 2009 economic ownership is 52.44% and we held that interest throughout the first quarter. In March, we finalized the sales of 2009 divestiture shares, which reduced our effective ownership position to 48.5%, which is where it stands at the end of the quarter. As a result of this sale, we’ve adjusted downward our 2010 outlook for equity copper production to between 330 million to 360 million pounds, down 20 million pounds more to previous outlook. One final divestiture tranche remains outstanding, which is the final 7% of the PTNNT that was offered for sale on March 31, 2010. The offer price was $444 million for the 7%, or approximately $6.3 billion on a 100% basis. Once the sale closes presumably sometime later this year, our economic ownership will decline to 44.56%. At that time, the divestiture process would be complete. Turning to slide 15, I’d like to reiterate that Newmont continues to perform well operationally and financially while simultaneously continuing to strive to maintain our leadership position in safety, sustainability and community relations. For the third consecutive year, we were selected Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, an accomplishment of which we are very proud. We also achieved International Cyanide Code Certification at all of our mines, except at Boddington where we are still to ramp up and where we should start to receive the certification in 2011. We are in the implementation phase of our community relations review, which we envision as our roadmap to uniform and industry-leading community relations throughout the world, and we have created our global carbon management team to help us navigate through the responsibilities of being a good global citizen through management of our carbon footprint. In closing, we had another quarter of strong operational and financial performance. And we continue to demonstrate our ability to deliver on what we say we will deliver. We continue to generate significant cash flow today from our gold and copper production, combined with the relentless focus on cost containment and margin expansion. We are in the process of executing on our business excellent program, which is expected to create significant value, additional value across our regions, functions, and the operations over the next three years. We are aggressively advancing our project pipeline as well as investing in our exploration program to develop our operating assets of the future. We’d be giving a lot more detail on these efforts at our Investor Day presentation on May 27th in Boston, for which we hope many of you can join us either on person or via the webcast. I’d like to express my thanks to our dedicated employees and contractors for another outstanding quarter. And with that, operator, I’d like to thank you all for listening and turn it back to you for questions.
Richard O'Brien: So, John, I’d just add, as we go into the year, we will continue to provide information around grade and reconciliation. We just need some more time as we ramp this up.
Richard O'Brien: Yes. We are very excited by the growth prospects in Nevada. And I think after a number of years of making sure that we can get the operations right there, the team is really focused on growth. And Guy may want to add a few things to that.
Richard O'Brien: And on a return basis, obviously these are the highest returning projects that we have really because we use a lot of the existing infrastructure, although if things continue as well, Leeville and Turf is we are seeing, we will be adding infrastructure to access that production.
Richard O'Brien: Okay. So a couple of questions there. First, on the dividend, as you know, the market for gold stocks doesn’t necessarily pay an increasing value related to increasing our cash dividend. I would say though if we do anything, it’s more likely that we would probably have a cash dividend increase rather than a share buyback, because we also believe although I can’t say that financially this makes a lot of sense that it’s not clear to us the per share metrics, really drive a lot of valuation again in the market. We believe it should. And over time, as it does, I think you will see us be more responsive to increases in dividends and perhaps share buyback if we can continue to generate significant cash flow, as we are over the past three quarters really. So our balance sheet looks in good shape to develop these projects. We are finding some interesting opportunities internally. That’s where we’d rather invest our cash versus at the external projects or an increase in the dividend, we’d rather go for growth and drive our return on assets up by having appropriate investments. And I would say that relative to external investments, we would prefer internal investments every time. That doesn’t mean that we won’t look externally, but we will look at that in terms of the trade-off between paying a premium to acquire something, issuing additional shares, because we do think that dilution matters and making sure that we properly evaluate opportunities. If we do see something in the market, for the upside that they made bring in addition to current assets. So I think a wide ranging view here in terms of our openness to look at things. But as we continue to look – I’d say, we continue to believe that exploration, the project development, and M&A are the way we are going to continue to build the company and will flex back and forth.Jorge Beristain – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thank you.
Richard O'Brien: To be clear though, Russ, they are not in our operating cash flows. They are in the financing cash flows.
Richard O'Brien: Barry, we were pretty excited about the way the prices are performing at Boddington. And we certainly look at these where applicable for some of our earlier stage projects. Obviously you need high – very hard material that tend to be much better performance with hard material. Certainly, as we go through projects where that could be applied, we take that into consideration.
Richard O'Brien: I think there is certainly some potential applications that we will continue to look at. I think it’s wonderful to have this operating experience coming out of Boddington, and we’ll certainly going to take that and leverage is going forward. As you know, they present a form of crushing, which just brings a significantly lower power cost to actually crush raw.Barry Cooper – CIBC World Markets: Right. OK, thank you very much.
Richard O'Brien: Yes, we’ve got – averaged about half of our operating margin coming out of Asia-Pacific and North America with that focused out of Australia and Nevada. I think that’s a mix to the extent that we can keep roughly half of that in that kind of profile. That’s preferred.Patrick Chidley – Barnard Jacobs Mellet: Great. Thanks. And just quick one on exploration, Boddington, you mentioned anything on what’s been going on at Boddington? I think last quarter you did refer to some positive results. And I just wanted to see where you are on that.
Richard O'Brien: Okay. Thank you, operator. And thank you, everybody, for attending our call today. And we look forward, as we said, to seeing many of you either in person or over webcast on May 27th. Have a great day.
Russell Ball: Thanks, Richard, and good morning all. For the first quarter, we generated revenue of $2.2 billion, a 46% increase over the first quarter of 2009. Net operating cash flow was approximately $728 million, a 91% increase over 2009. And our adjusted net income rose to $408 million or roughly 105% increase over the first quarter of 2009. Higher gold and copper prices and significantly higher copper production from our assets in Indonesia were a most significant contributors to the increase in net income. Turning to slide seven, equity gold production was approximately 1.3 million ounces, and average realized gold price was up 22% to approximately $1,100 an ounce. While the cost applicable to sales increased approximately 11% to $480 an ounce, gold operating margin expanded by 32% to $626 an ounce. On a year-over-year basis, CIS increased from $431 to $480 an ounce, primarily due to lower production as a result of the slide late in the fourth quarter of 2009 and higher mining costs in Nevada. Lower production, higher waste mining, higher royalties and workers participation at the Yanacocha, and finally, from the ongoing ramp-up at Boddington. As Richard mentioned earlier, for the year, we have maintained gold production and operating cost guidance despite a change on gold price assumption to $1,100 an ounce and now – or the dollar assumption to $0.90, which collectively add between $15 and $20 per ounce. The TFO more than happy to pay these increased operating costs, given the positive increase in operating margins and free cash flow that accrues. Turning to slide eight, copper production increased 143% to 90 million pounds with an average realized price of $3.33 per pound, an improvement of 97% from the year-ago quarter. Copper production was up significantly due to the fact we are in Phase V mining at Batu Hijau this year. We will essentially complete Phase 5 mining at Batu Hijau this year, as stripping for Phase 6 will begin in earnest in 2011. Cost applicable to sales decreased 12% to $0.78 a pound resulting in a 219% increase in our copper operating margin. As you will see on slide nine, gold margin for the quarter increased by a third to $626 per ounce despite the higher costs applicable to sales. When factoring in copper byproduct revenue as copper credits, cash operating margin increases from 58% to approximately 78%. This leverage to gold and copper prices demonstrates our ability to generate significant cash flow from our existing production base of approximately 5.3 million ounces. I would now turn it over to Brian Hill, our Executive Vice President of Operations, to discuss our regional operating results for the quarter.
Russell Ball: Yes. In the financing section, David, I can step you through it. You will see a line in there, Proceeds from non-controlling, it’s about 220 million. And then the shade at Sumitomo is entitled to the NTP partnership of approximately $100 million is included in the line Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders. So what you will see in the financing activities section is a mix of about $129 million that accrued to Newmont shareholders.
Russell Ball: No, it actually didn’t disrupt any production that we had at KCGM, David. So it’s not going to have an impact on us.David Haughton – BMO Capital Markets: All right. That’s it for me. Thank you.
Russell Ball: Yes, Steve, it’s Russ. You essentially spot on us, as Brian mentioned earlier, and historically what we’ve seen is a strong Q2 and Q3 in the dry season in Indonesia. And as we mentioned earlier, we will be in the bottom of Phase 5, and that’s with the high grade copper and gold, more particularly six. We’ll have a nice second and third quarter there. And then with the ongoing ramp-up and you saw on slide 14, I think it was the ramp-up cliff as that continues to progress to full production. We’ll see cause decrease in Australia and production increase. So you should model that in. And again, we have changed our assumption on gold price in Apex. And that’s added about $15 to $20 an ounce. And we’ve absorbed that into the cost guidance. So yes, it has moved towards the upper end. But we still feel very comfortable that we can deliver based on the results of the first quarter at least.Stephen Walker – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much, Russell. Thank you
Brian Hill: Thanks, Russell. As you can see on slide 10, each of our four regions performed essentially in line with expectations in terms of gold production, with North America’s production being just a little bit higher than what we were expecting. Costs applicable to sales were slightly higher than expected in North America due to higher underground mining costs, higher production taxes, and lower byproduct credits in Nevada. At Yanacocha, costs applicable to sales were higher than anticipated due to higher milling costs. Lower production from the leach pads, higher workers participation, and royalty costs related to the higher realized gold price and lower byproduct credits. Costs applicable to sales at Ahafo in Ghana were slightly lower than expected due to lower power costs and lower mining costs. Costs in the Asia-Pacific region were essentially in line with expectations of higher cost production from Boddington as a result of lower than expected gold grades was offset by lower cost production at Batu Hijau due to lower mining costs and a lower allocation of costs to gold. The other operations in Australia and New Zealand performed as expected. In summary, the portfolio is working and we continue to expect equity gold production for the year of between 5.3 million and 5.5 million ounces and costs applicable to sales of between $450 million and $480 per ounce. Turning to slide 11, I’m proud to give you an update on the ramp-up of Boddington. As a reminder, Boddington achieved commercial production in November of last year, and the first quarter of 2010 represents just the first full quarter of commercial production. For the first quarter, gold production increased 34% to 158,000 ounces and copper production increased 40% to 14 million pounds from the fourth quarter of 2009. We are in the process of commissioning the fourth course ore screen that was installed late in the first quarter, and that’s progressing as planned. Overall, our gold and copper recoveries have continued to be stronger than our existing mine plan. However, we have experienced some volatility in our ore grades, resulting in lower than expected gold grades and higher than expected copper grades as we continue to reconcile the block model with our tool production. Our site operation and commissioning teams continue to improve plant performance. The concentrator throughput is performing as expected and at levels consistent with the 12-month ramp-up schedule. And as of the end of the first quarter, total tons mined from the pit are within 10% of the current mine plan. We are hosting a site tour at the end of September, and we hope to see many of you there where we can show you more of the operation firsthand. I also wanted to briefly mention the earthquake that we experienced near our KCGM operation last week. The 5.2 magnitude earthquake caused us to temporarily suspend operations for the safety of our employees and contractors. There were no injuries and no significant damage to our operations, and normal operations resumed the following day. Guy Lansdown, our Executive Vice President of Discovery & Development, will now give you a brief update on our major projects.
Brian Hill: Yes. Thanks, Richard. John, I think if you recall, we’ve said we were looking at about a 12-month ramp-up period to get to 100% production. So we are hoping to get there around the third quarter of this year on a basis over Q1. We are actually running the plant at about 70,000, 75,000 tons, which is getting close to that 70%, 75% of capacity. And that’s essentially on target with where we are at. We are extremely pleased and happy with how the plant has ramped up. With respect to your question around the grades, for us it’s still early days. As we’ve said, we are just sort of one quarter into full production. We’ve got a number of different geological domains that we are mining. And as we mine those and reconcile them to the model, it’s really when you get actual production that we can go back and actually see how we are doing. So as we said, we are slightly – we are slightly down on the gold grade and up on the copper grade. And I think we still need to get a couple more quarters under our belt with mining and some of the different domains to be able to come back with some more definitive answers around the reconciliation. A couple of things that we have done is we did put the fourth course ore screen in. We did leave space to be able to do that because we always knew that the dry plant might be an area where we needed to increase capacity. We are also bringing in our sixth secondary crusher, sixth MP1000. The space was left to bring that in. And these are really to help increase the rate at which we get up to full production, and in fact, they are going to allow us probably to go over a name plate capacity, as we get towards the end of this year and into 2011.
Brian Hill: David, it’s Brian. We are not quite in the bottom of the pit yet. We are still mining in the upper benches in Phase 5, but we are getting better grades and better mill throughput. We are just coming into the dry season now. So we are in the process of dewatering the bottom of the pit in Phase 5. So our expectations are that we will be down in the bottom of Phase 5 later in Q2 and Q3 until the rains come again either late Q3 or early Q4. So we should see higher production coming out of Batu over the second and third quarter, as we get into that sort of sweet spot, which is the central core at the bottom of Phase 5.David Haughton – BMO Capital Markets: And then just following on from that, I presume as the conditions (inaudible) slightly lower production in the fourth quarter and then you start in 2011 moving into the stripping phase.
Guy Lansdown: Thanks, Brian. As you know, we are very excited about our pipeline of projects that we anticipate will bring between 30 million and 40 million targeted ounces to production in the coming years, of which approximately 20 million ounces are currently in proven and probable reserves, which could go with positive exploration results. We won’t get into too many details on the full extent of our project pipeline on this call. For that, we look forward to discussions with you at our Investor Day presentation on May the 27th with the intent to deep dive our projects in each of our regions. Slide 12 shows our major projects in each of our regions. As we indicated last quarter, we are advancing development of the Hope Bay district with an underground focus of the Doris north deposit. We have increased this year’s funding for this program to between $180 million and $200 million, accelerating 2010 construction and development activities. As a result, we have increased our 2010 outlook for advanced projects R&D spending to between $230 million and $250 million, up from $185 million to $210 million. We are currently deploying supplies for this program from multiple ports on the East and West Coast in a carefully coordinated sealift, supporting development of additional surface infrastructure and (inaudible). We are executing development and exploration drilling programs in parallel, with 18,000 meters of drilling completed so far this year, and early results supporting our resource expectations. Although we are in the early stages, we remain energized about the opportunity and the experienced team and key contractors we now have in place on the significant assets. I also want to congratulate the Hope Bay team for recently celebrating two years without a lost time accident, over 1.2 million man hours as of April the 20th of 2010. At Conga, we had a very successful public hearing on March the 31st of this year, with over 4,000 people participating in the event, including national and local government officials, farmers and other members of the community. In addition, we continue to build the Conga development team and trade execution strategies while advancing engineering. Our Akyem project in Ghana is expected to complete the stage 4 (inaudible) in the second half of 2010, with production still targeted for late 2013 to 2014. Following the receipts of the mining lease in January, negotiations with the local communities regarding land access and crop compensation continue. And we have now got 70% completed engineering work. We are also excited about the Subiaco expansion where we currently have identified a target of approximately 7 million to 9 million equity ounces of gold, of which approximately 3 million are in proven and probable reserves. We are advancing simultaneously surface and underground development programs. Our exploration and development team made good progress, advancing approximately 500 meters a day, and we have completed 8,000 meters of exploration drilling this year. Turning to slide 13, as part of our Nevada portfolio, we have excellent new explorations results (inaudible) project that provides a possibility to double our current reserve with potential to expand within and beyond the footprint shown on the slide. In an effort to better understand the potential of this core asset, we have been executing in parallel a surface drill campaign and drilling from underground platforms with approximately 20% of this program completed so far this year. We drilled approximately 15,000 meters from surface in 2009 with the intent of better understanding the full extent of the orebody. The results of this program will be an exceptional. To highlight a few results, I would turn your attention to the map on the right. On the north end of the map, 1,000 meters beyond our end of 2009 and our reserve footprint, we have anticipated 10 meters of 13 grams per ton in the drill hole called CGXH. This combined with multiple favorable insights to the south suggest potential to expand underground minable mineralization well beyond current levels. In addition, I would highlight the drill hole called CGX-2 where we intersected 10 meters of 22 grams per ton, roughly 250 meters to the list of previously modeled Leeville mineralization. We are excited by these new expansion discoveries in our core Nevada assets and plan to increase funding for additional inflow and step-up drilling. I’m now going to pass the mike back to Richard for an update on our Batu Hijau ownership.
Guy Lansdown: In a number of products – John, good morning to you. A number of projects that we have out there in addition to Leeville, obviously we’re excited about what we’re finding there. Gold quarry is another one of the big ones. In addition to that, we have up to 25 projects through various stages of the pipeline throughout the state.
Guy Lansdown: And the challenge for us will be permitting, getting our permits in place, which we have a team actively working on to support the development of these projects.
Guy Lansdown: Yes, that’s correct, David. We’re focusing on Doris right now, but obviously Boston and Madrid, we’d like to follow up pretty shortly after Doris. Again, positive result spending.David Haughton – BMO Capital Markets: Now, with this decline, clearly it’s still exploratory at this stage, but I presume it would be built to a development style if things turned out the way you hope it would be.
Guy Lansdown: Barry, I’m sorry. I don’t have the current cut-offs off the top of my head. This is Guy. I can certainly give it for you. And we do have Investor Day coming up May 27th. We would love to go through these projects in more detail with you. So (inaudible) off the top of my head.
