Nancy Buese: Thanks Rob. Turning to Slide 18 for the financial highlights, during the first quarter Newmont delivered solid results with revenue of nearly $2.6 billion, an increase of 43% over the prior year quarter with the additional sales from our acquired operations and higher gold prices, adjusted net income of $326 million or $0.40 per diluted share, and adjusted EBITDA of more than $1.1 billion, an increase of 63% from the prior year quarter. Cash from continuing operations was $939 million, driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow was $611 million, an increase of 75% to end the quarter with more than $3.7 billion of cash on hand.  Turning to Slide 19 for a review of earnings per share in more detail, first quarter GAAP net income from continuing operations was $837 million or $1.04 per share. Adjustments included $0.73 related to the gain from our sale of KCGM, Continental and Red Lake, $0.22 related to the change in fair value and impairment of investments, $0.09 related to the extinguishment of debt, $0.24 related to tax adjustments and valuation allowance, and $0.02 of other charges. Taking these adjustments into account, we reported first quarter adjusted net income of $0.40 per diluted share. Turning to Slide 20, as Tom mentioned, Newmont continues to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic from a position of strength, and there’s been no change in our industry-leading capital allocation priorities which include maintaining and strengthening our investment-grade balance sheet, growing our margins through delivery of our full potential program which drives incremental cost and efficiency improvements regardless of current gold prices while also growing our reserves and resources through disciplined investment in our highest returning projects, and returning excess cash to our shareholders. We ended the quarter with total liquidity of $6.6 billion, including $3.7 billion of cash on hand and our undrawn and fully available $3 billion revolving credit facility. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio improved to 0.7 times, and we proactively refinanced $1 billion of debt at historically low coupon of 2.25%, allowing us to save approximately $17 million in annual interest payments and also improving the profile of our out year maturities. We have continued to invest in profitable projects such as the Tanami Expansion 2 and Musselwhite materials handling, and as Rob mentioned, our study work to progress the next wave of profitable production at Ahapo North and Yanacocha sulphides is advancing.  Newmont remains committed to sustainable shareholder returns across the cycle, and we continued to demonstrate this in the first quarter. Two weeks ago we declared a first quarter dividend increase of 79% to $0.25 per share, and we continued to execute on our share buyback program, repurchasing approximately $300 million during the first quarter. Since initiating the program in early December, we have completed 80% of our $1 billion authorization with nearly 19 million shares retired at an average price of $42 per share. With our shares currently trading around $60, our buyback program has been incredibly accretive to shareholders. As a reminder, we build our annual business plan based on conservative assumptions, including a $1,200 gold price, and for every $100 in gold price above our base plan, we’ll generate an incremental $400 million in attributable free cash flow annually. With gold prices currently around $1,700 per ounce and favorable oil prices and foreign exchange rates, these tailwinds will more than offset any short term disruptions as we manage through these challenging times. With that, I’ll hand it over to Tom to wrap up on Slide 21.
Nancy Buese: Yes, thanks Tom. Morning Tyler. We do publish an annual sensitivity guidance, and just a couple notes on that. We had budgeted oil at $60 a barrel and our sensitivity is for every $10 change in the price of a barrel of oil, it’s a $25 million increase in attributable free cash flow, so you can do some of the math on that.  We monetize on the Aussie dollar. We budgeted a $0.75 rate. If a nickel change in the Aussie dollar rate, that’s $40 million of additional attributable free cash flow, so there certainly will be some tailwinds associated with WTI and with FX as we think about where we might land versus plan. 
Nancy Buese: Yes. I think the important point on our discipline around capital allocation certainly has not changed. We’ve been very clear about sharing with shareholders and also reinvesting back in our business, and we will continue to favor those principles. When you think about the dividend, that increase was predicated, as we announced earlier this year, on an oil price--sorry, on a gold price of $1,200, and so we still maintain that at $1,200 that dividend is certainly affordable.  On the share buyback, our view is that we had the billion-dollar program, we’re about 80% into that. We were able to get almost all those shares well under $45, and so our view is we’ll continue to keep that program outstanding and we’ll continue to think about what we will do, but if you consider how our capital allocation will be, it will be about half back in the business and then the other half we’ll continue to focus on balance sheet, dividend and share buyback, so all of those tools are still in the toolbox and up for consideration. 
Nancy Buese: Sure, I’d be happy to take that one. I really don’t think we’ll see much, no real significant changes. You might see later on in the year, there will be some tax payments in Q2, but fundamentally in order to get what we need at site, it’s not going to be a materially significant change on working capital numbers.
Nancy Buese: Yes, I think what you’ll see is just as a result of some of these sites being in care and maintenance, you’ll see some of that capex roll from 2020 into ’21, and likewise out the backside of ’21, so some of that will get pushed over time. I wouldn’t anticipate a big, quote-unquote, catch-up if you will in the plan period as we’ve announced.
Nancy Buese: Yes, absolutely Chris, and on your other question - sorry, I was pausing for a moment, keeping myself up quickly enough, but the question on that was, it is not GEOs, it’s really gold only. On the Suriname question, no, we do not have concerns there. We have a ratified investment agreement that covers this particular issue, so we are not concerned about the currency controls there.
Nancy Buese: I think that’s exactly right. It’s a great time for us to really evaluate our processes and consider how we think about productivity across the globe. I would note that we will be adjusting out any specific COVID-related costs, and some of those care and maintenance costs for us in particular as a U.S. GAAP filer compared to other miners is going to be a little bit less, so the rules around the U.S. adjustments will be smaller than you’ll see in other places. But we will capture those and indicate those in our filings, so there’s the two pieces of it, is the actual costs related to COVID, but I think Rob makes the point it’s just a really good opportunity for us to take a new glance at everything and really think about our productivity at all sites and everywhere across the globe. We’ll keep on that path.
Nancy Buese: Yes, I’m failing at the bingo game this morning. Thanks very much. Jackie, really our commitment to disciplined capital allocation has not changed. The way we’re thinking about it is continuing to consider about half of the free cash flow invested back in the business in terms of the long term side of things from a project and advanced work in exploration and some of those pieces, and then the other piece is really returning cash to shareholders.  As a reminder, with our five-year guidance and now even the 10-year guidance that we’ve given, we’re really thinking about our contributions and our cash flow through the cycle with crisis both high and low, so you’ll see us continue to invest in the business on the one side and on the other side of the ledger, you’ll see us continue to do the work that we’ve demonstrated around improving the balance sheet, really working on our out year debt towers and improving those rates, and improving the way that looks over time.  We’ll do exactly what we’ve done on the share buyback, which was incredibly accretive to shareholders, and then the other piece of that was really what we’ve done with the dividend, and so as we are in this period of time where we’re generating significant free cash flow, those principles around capital allocation have not changed and we’ll continue to adhere to those and consider ways to provide value back to shareholders, but also maintain that investment in our business, so that discipline really hasn’t changed in any way.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Nancy. Concluding on Slide 22, Newmont has a long and proud history of safety leadership, ESG stewardship, developing the industry’s best talent, and focusing on operating discipline and profitable growth. From this foundation we remain focused on improving our ability to deliver differentiated, superior and sustainable shareholder returns. We will do this by developing our people, optimizing our assets, delivering our best projects, exploring our most prospective properties, and strengthening our balance sheet. I’m very excited to continue strengthening our position as the world’s leading gold company with a workforce and culture of determination that are second to none. Thank you for your time. With that, I’ll turn it over to the Operator to open the line for questions. 
Tom Palmer: Yes, thanks Chris. The decision to put Musselwhite into care and maintenance was made on the basis of the engagement we had with the local communities, the local First Nation communities in around that mine, and their very serious concerns around the vulnerability of those communities to the spread of infection, particularly when you have a workforce that heads up into northern Ontario from southern Ontario and further afield. So engaging with that community and addressing their concerns, we made proactively the decision to put that operation into care and maintenance, and that includes the team we had constructing that conveying system. There’s a small team on site who are basically keeping equipment turning over so it’s ready to restart again and managing environmental control systems, and we continue to engage very closely with those communities, as we’re doing in other parts of the world, to demonstrate the protocols we have in place that are working very effectively around the world, and we remain hopeful that as we can demonstrate our ability to manage the risk of infection that we can start that operation back up again and get the construction of the conveyer completed, but just concerning that we have stopped all work at Musselwhite, including the conveyer construction.
Tom Palmer: We’re just looking at each other on whether it’s Nancy or Jess. Do you want to pick up that one, or we can take it offline with you, Chris, and give you some direction on that.
Tom Palmer: Greg, the numbers are relatively low--sorry, Greg. The numbers are relatively low. It’s not hundreds of millions of dollars. It’s a few million dollars.
Tom Palmer: It’s mainly COVID-related, Greg. You are seeing COVID-related delays, and it’s largely linked to where we have made a deliberate decision to move non-essential people, or only keep on site people who are essential to keeping mines, processing plants and environmental control systems running. Where we were well ahead on sustaining capital spend, we’ve made a decision to slow that down and actually move people offsite and delay some of that spend, and protect against the risk of infection spreading.  Similarly with some of the development capital projects like Tanami 2, we focused on what the critical path was in that project and then dropping off some work in areas, for example we were building a new camp out where the underground mine is. We’ve slide that work down because it’s not on the critical path. Sustaining capital this year is probably tracking to around the $900 million mark, development capital around the $500 million mark, so some of those rates you’re seeing now will probably hold through the year. We’re probably looking capital somewhere around $1.4 billion across both sustaining and development capital.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Jackie. I’ll ask Nancy. Nancy, I’ll just you a warning now to get off mute, Nancy, and I’ll ask you to answer the question. She’s had a few technical challenges.
Tom Palmer: Thank you everyone for joining us today on this call. Thank you for your interest in Newmont, and most importantly please take care of your safety, your health, and please look after your families. Look forward to speaking to you in the not-too-distant future. Thank you everyone.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks Tom. I’d just add a couple of things. Tyler, I think just working from the basics, what we’ve clearly outlined is that when we’re in care and maintenance, that’s typically 20% of our CAS. Because of the decision that we made to provide continuity and pay, that takes it up to 50% even when you’re in care and maintenance, so that’s the kind of base point. Now as Tom mentioned, at the likes of Eleonore, at the likes of Cerro Negro that we’re progressively building up, so you can expect to see that to go from 50 to 60 to 75 over the coming weeks, so that’s roughly the way in which I would approach it.
Rob Atkinson: That’s correct, Tanya. We’ve got some areas which are progressing very well, and if I pick on a few that--you know, at Subika Underground with sub-level shrinkage, the advance rates there; at Tanami and even at Musselwhite before we stopped there, we were making terrific progress on the conveyer belt. At Penasquito, one of the unfortunate things post the visit, we’d broken a whole host of records for the site as well, so in general we’ve been very, very pleased about how things have been operating. But the likes of Boddington, Akyem, Ahafo, Tanami, CC&V, Porcupine, they are all still producing very well and very nicely, Tanya.
Rob Atkinson: I think just a couple of other backgrounds things, Tom. Certainly whilst we are lobbying very hard, the 18th of May is the date that we are very much focused on, and that’s what the government has said, that industries who can demonstrate they’ve put COVID controls in place can start.  Just to add to what Tom said, currently in Mazapil there have been zero COVID cases, and that’s obviously where the mine is at, so that all helps. Again, we’re cautiously optimistic, we’re working hard, the site’s in great condition, and when we do and are able to ramp up, it will be straight to phase six in the pit hopefully, where there is higher grade and get back on track as quickly as possible.
Rob Atkinson: I think, Jackie, the only other additional one I would say is that since the order from the government came out, we’ve been working with the government from day one, and I think as Tom said, every single day we’ve been working with them, we’ve presented our case, so we think we have got a very strong position. But you know, May 18 is what the government has indicated, but as Tom rightly said, that could change. But that’s what we’re focused on at the moment and given that our processes and our procedures are of a very, very high order, we remain quite hopeful. But we’ve had a tremendous amount of lobbying, this is not a last minute case at all, and we’ve been with the government and supporting the government and the community every step of the way, so we’re known about, we’re understood, and very hopeful we can be one of the first to lead the way and show the Mexican mining industry how to best do it.
Rob Atkinson: I certainly will, Tom, and thanks for the question, Brian. It’s moving at pace. We have ordered the 29 793s, so that well and truly in the CAT system and we’ll start seeing those arrive later on in the year. We continue to be very excited about what that’s going to be like, but that’s and well truly on track. As you rightly said, it not only improves safety, it can improve productivity very significantly, and that’s what the team is very much focused on, as how do we improve the productivity with these trucks. I think just to build on a couple of other things that Tom said, in terms of our automation plans, the sub-level shrinkage in Africa, one of the key reasons for changing to that was the ability to potentially automate that in the future. Our relationships with the likes of CAT and the introduction of Minestar, the autonomous drills that we’ve got at Penasquito, so we’ve got the hardware but it’s also the data, and what you do with that data is just so important.  One of the key differentiators, I think, with Newmont is the operating support hubs that we’ve got in Perth and we’ve got in Denver, where you actually monitor the maintenance performance of all your equipment and also your mill performance, and you’re able to give that feedback real time, so in many ways it’s not just automation, which I think people think more and more about, it’s also the way in which you use data and place people, where you put your expertise, and giving that real, live feedback to our personnel out in the field. But the good news is the autonomous trucks at Boddington are very much on track.
Chris Terry: Hi Tom, Rob and Nancy. I hope you’re all faring well. I had a couple of questions. Firstly on the free cash flow, just thinking about that the next couple of quarters, with the operations you have offline, I just wondered where there’s working capital implications from, I guess, overstocking some of the raw materials on site, which is obviously sensible, and just some of the moving parts on the cost side. Just wondered if you can comment, maybe Nancy, on free cash flow expectations or some of the moving parts for 2Q and maybe 3Q. Thanks.
Chris Terry: Thanks Nancy. Just a last one from me on Musselwhite, it the decision there on the delayed start-up, is it purely based on COVID or have you taken the time right now while it’s offline to do further work on materials handling, etc., and there’s an advantage to spending the time while it’s offline getting that all right, and then bringing it back online? Just wondered if you could clarify some of your thinking there.
Chris Terry: Okay, actually one other one, just reading on Suriname a little bit, just wondered if you could comment a little bit on the repatriation, some of the currency constraints within that country. Does that impact anything at all? Thanks. 
