Richard T. O'Brien: Thanks, John. Those of you on the webcast, we'll begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we continued to advance our strategic growth plans. We achieved several key project milestones, including initiation of earthworks at Conga in Peru, and our first concrete pour at Akyem in Ghana.  Across our wider project pipeline, we have advanced approximately 20 earlier-stage development assets through our project pipeline in each of our 4 operating regions thus far in 2011. Our investment-grade balance sheet continues to strengthen as we delivered our 11th straight quarter of increase in gross margin, while generating quarterly records of revenue at $2.7 billion, operating cash flow of $1.3 billion and net income of $635 million adjusted. We also ended the quarter with over $3 billion in cash and marketable securities. We also continued to explore one of the most extensive land positions in the gold industry. Across our exploration portfolio, we are currently operating 100 drill rigs around the globe in over 40 locations, spanning greenfields and brownfields projects, as well as surface and underground opportunities.  And as we announced on Wednesday, we increased our dividend again for the sixth straight quarter to $0.35 per share based on our average realized gold sales price for the third quarter of $1,695. This is a 133% increase over the year-ago quarter. On an annualized basis, Newmont's dividend stands at a yield of over 2%, which is higher than the current S&P 500 average yield and certainly the highest in the gold industry. And finally, thanks to the continued focus of our employees on disciplined execution, we are maintaining our outlook for production, operating costs and capital expenditures, as described further in our press release. Now I'll turn the call over to Russell Ball, our CFO, to discuss our third quarter results.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, John, I think it's fair to say that Conga has been the best of community engagement in getting our permits and the not-so-best in terms of when we're actually in the field and beginning construction. And how does that arise? The permit that we received in support with 3,000-plus members from the community involved a lot of one-on-one engagement of our team in Peru with all of the regional authorities, as well as all the people who live in the region. And as a consequence of that, we've got a big push and support and no one showed up at that initial permitting hearing in anything other than a supportive position. So we started from a very great position. And I think what's happening now, John, is probably as we should expect over the next year or 2 as we continue in construction, we will see this intermittently from time to time. As people, I believe, first, they recognize that we have a lot of people out in the field now actually beginning construction rather than just talking about it. Second, I think they are interested in making sure that their land and water are taken care of and that's something we are absolutely committed to. And thirdly, as you know, we can't every offer everybody a job in the community, but we are really trying to involve the local, local contractors and their employees in participating in what we're doing in the region so that they, too, share in the economics. And I think it's that balance that we will have to continue to explain to people that we are both up for the environmental and social challenges and we want to meet those in ways which are responsive to the community. We're also up for making sure that we provide a long-term basis upon which we can operate in the region, which means we're just going to have to continue to engage with the regional authorities, the people who live in the region. And even as we're seeing here, people from outside the region who are using this as a platform for whatever ill they see in either the country or Peru or related to mining.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, I'd like to think of it as we were in bonus time in Batu Hijau Phase 5. We actually thought we were closed out last year, but had a little better weather. And as Russ said, we were able to take advantage of that.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, as we go forward, David, what I was going to say is I think at Yanacocha, you can continue to expect some labor escalation. I think we're going to see that throughout the portfolio next year. And in addition to that, at Yanacocha, as the mine gets older, we have less flexibility between pits. And so as Russ mentioned, if we continue to see geotechnical issues at Yanacocha, you can expect to see both positives and negatives, depending on where we are going forward with that. In general, I think that we should expect industry kind of wide inflation numbers to impact us at Yanacocha similarly, whether that's around 10% or so from year-to-year or slightly higher, depending on where exactly we end up with some of the grade and other issues at Yanacocha.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, we'll provide some more precision around guidance for 2012 later in the year. So we'll be able to give you a more of a heads-up on that. I would just say we continue to shake Boddington out on the operational basis. As I mentioned, we had some issues with the conveyor this year. We also had one of our rope shovels that was not available for parts of the quarter. And we're seeing a little bit more rehandling this quarter than we would like to see. So I would hope in a steady-state basis, that we are going to see even though the grades may not change significantly, I think we are going to expect to see a higher ore production rates going forward, hopefully more consistency in the dry plant and particularly in the conveyor part of the dry plant. And the wet plant continues to operate very well. So I think we have capacity and we just have to figure out how to use it. As I look at this, I think Boddington is a place where, much like we've seen at Ahafo, at Leeville, at Phoenix over time, we will certainly improve the performance out of Boddington as we continue to shake it out.
Richard T. O'Brien: At Boddington. Yes, I think what we're expecting is to not have some of the downtime that we've had, mining more ore tons. I think the team has a plan in place and I'd say for the first month or so, we feel like we're kind of on that plan. So hopefully more of that and less than the unplanned downtime.
Richard T. O'Brien: David, what I would say is we have. We continue to pretty aggressively drill that up. And as I mentioned, we are getting prepared to file a permit application in the first half of next year. And as we do that, we'll be able to give you a much more current information on some of the drill results. What I'd say is we continue to see very positive implications of what we see out in the field. And I know most of my team was out in Nevada a couple of weeks ago and had a chance to visit the site. And I'd say to date, it's right on what we thought we were going to get out of this. And we'll continue to keep you informed.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, Brian, it's Richard. I think unintended consequences, trying to get people focused on a gold-linked dividend. We had to focus to something, we wanted it to be transparent. Look, we don't call our people up out in the field and say, "Move the shipments around a little bit so that we can adjust the price." We're also not hedging into a quarter. We're really just trying to let this be an effective price. I think it is so interesting that with that link now, I've heard more talk about average effective gold price with all the gold companies. I think it's great. Just keep asking everybody about how that ties to their dividend policy and we'll be in great shape.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes. I'd say at this point, we look to be on plan for Q4 at Yanacocha, really don't anticipate any issues. And part of the cost structure in -- or sorry, this last quarter having to do with an adjustment on the heap leach, we're not expecting any of that in the Q4 at the current moment.
Richard T. O'Brien: And Mike, it's Richard. I'd just say that one of the benefits of the portfolio projects we have is it's diversified across the regions. It's not one all big project. We have a number of different-sized projects, and I think that allows us to see the whole portfolio. In some places, we'll have more escalation. In others, there'll be less. So I think that's one of the great things about having a larger portfolio and then certainly, we had several years ago.
Richard T. O'Brien: I would say just one thing that Randy and the team have been working on is pretty specific country-level cost-to-capital reconciliation in terms of where we see risk, how that risk portfolio is looking, which allows us, again, to look into that entire portfolio and rate and rank our properties and projects across the risk spectrum. So I think a little more precision with that is helping us well.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes. This is just my impression after talking with Carlos Santa Cruz, who is our Regional Vice President. And if you look at the outcome of what's happened since President Humala has been elected, first, throughout his campaign, he was very clear that there was going to be a mining tax put in place shortly after his administration came into office. And when he was elected, shortly after he came into office, he called the mining companies just as he said he would. We engaged in discussions with them. And I think in a relatively short period of time, the mining companies working together and together with the government came up, I think, with something which will be implemented here shortly. But I think something that works for the country, works for us, I think, recognizes that mining is an important and integral part of the economy in Peru. And I think as a result of that, we feel like we were included in the discussion. He gave us a heads-up on what he was going to do, and then it got down to the specifics and we got through it. As we get into Conga, I think that is more of a regional issue than a central government issue. But I would say, again, between ourselves and Buenaventura, I think working closely with central and regional governments, because the central government obviously helps to set the pace for the country and I think can influence the regions in the right way. And I think when we are sitting down with them in the last -- when we have been in the last couple of weeks, we see the kind of support that we would hope for and the kind of leadership that we would hope for. So what I would say is so far, our experience has been very good. We continue to hope that if we engage, they will support and engage back. And so far, that seems to be the case. I think as we get down into the regions and in particular -- these are not what they're called, but what I think of them, the micro regions of the various mayoral districts around Conga, that is really an individual to individual kind of approach. And I think those are more complicated because each of those has their own kinds of outcomes that they're looking for, their own set of priorities and those are not necessarily set with or in conjunction with the central government. So it's kind of piece by piece, which is why if you ever go out our Conga site, you'll see we have a fairly big environmental and community responsibility team. That team is out engaged with the community to make sure we do know what the issues are. And I think even in this period over the last month, we knew there was activity coming. We're pretty well plugged in. What we're trying to do is to respond to those things and let people know that we will listen and that they don't need to stand in the road to protest because that's what leads to people either being in an area where there might get hurt, luckily, that's not happened. But we do have lots of equipment and people out there, and we're just going to ensure that we do everything possible to keep the community, our contractors and our employees safe, while we continue to build the project.
Richard T. O'Brien: Let me start and then Randy can jump in. John, we've got plenty to do here. And really, we are not trying to build value for shareholders through investing in other companies. Our job is to invest in our assets, our people, the projects that we have. And look, with Pilot, we actually -- well, with both of these securities, as we took them in, we actually had some restrictions on our ability to sell them for the first 4 months. We're just now into that period of deciding what we're going to do with the securities. But we don't really watch successor companies. We've got plenty to do on our own.
Richard T. O'Brien: Thank you very much. And thanks to all of you for attending our conference call today, and we'll look forward to seeing some of you between now and February when we have our next. Thanks a lot.
Russell D. Ball: John, it's Russ. I'd just go back to the last quarter where we made that step by $1 and we didn't hear a lot of noise at $1,501 and we seemed to have heard an incredible amount of noise at $1,695 wherever we are. John, I think at the end of the day, we'll just stick with the policy. We have tried to make it as clear as possible. And in the event we want to revisit that, we'll let you know, if and when we decide to. But for now, we're holding a course on the adjusted policy, which shares, quite frankly, a significant amount of those operating cash flows and the higher metal prices with our shareholders.
Russell D. Ball: Dave, it's Russ. The third quarter at least for us is a bit of an anomaly. We have effectively mined out all of the Phase 5 ore. There was a little bit left behind from last year, so we are now in the heart of Phase 6 stripping, the wet season is approaching and we will be producing largely from stockpiles until towards the very end of 2013 when we get back into Phase 6 ore.
Russell D. Ball: Dave, for the year, we have provided in the appendix the updated guidance ranges for the regions. You should look to that. We have had some short-term geotech around El Tapado, which is a deposit that was going to deliver a significant proportion of our ounces this year. So we're working around that and we're working around that in a safe manner, and safety above production as always. So we're addressing that issue and that will really be a function of how and when we can access that ore and how much we have to lay back that slope. So you have the guidance for the year. We'll be somewhere between $560 and $600 for the year.
Russell D. Ball: Yes. So Dave, the ounces and pounds are obviously constant. But it's the relative performance of the gold price versus the copper price that determines how we allocate operating costs to the gold ounces or to copper pounds. So what we saw this quarter, significant outperformance in gold relative to copper. And what that does is drag ounces from copper pounds to gold ounces. And at the portfolio level, somewhere between $10 and $15 an ounce. Remember, most of our copper is coming out of Indonesia, and to a lesser degree, out of Boddington.
Russell D. Ball: Sure, Brian, it's Russ. There's a couple of things. The biggest determinant is the timing of when we actually sell our doré, and especially in a volatile quarter like this, what we saw is we generally do a flat -- we try and flatten that sales profile. And we just didn't hit the peak, so to speak, for the quarter. The issue on concentrate, and to answer your question directly, is both. When we sell, we declare and we recognize provisional revenue based on the spot price the day of sale. We only get paid somewhere around 97.5% of that because the smelters take that as a discount, and that's pretty standard terms. Then at the end of the quarter, we are forced to mark-to-market. And then in a down quarter, obviously, we saw that on the copper side. We saw a slightly positive adjustment as you'll see on Page 49. So there's a number of factors moving around. The provisional pricing is much less of an issue in my mind than the volatility in this quarter. So really it was question of timing. And when you see a $100 swing, that could make a big difference in your realized price for the quarter.
Russell D. Ball: No, it won't because again the numbers in the Q and the K are all consolidated. And that's what we tied back. The key issue for us was providing a transparent link into the mechanics, which we hope that the table on Page 49 would guide people to and at least let them understand the mechanics and see them from quarter-to-quarter.
Russell D. Ball: George, it's Russ. We actually declared a dividend in early October out of Indonesia, so you'll see that in the fourth quarter.
Russell D. Ball: And George, it's Russ. Just adding to that, we have seen as we step out onto the margin of these deposits more transitional materials and the paleosoil material, which we are stockpiling. And we're referring [ph] at when that goes in either through the mill or on a dedicated leach pad. So we have seen more of that material and that's going into inventory, as opposed to going on the heap today because of obvious concerns around recovery.
Russell D. Ball: Mike, it's interesting -- it's Russ. When you look at the portfolio, North America now for us is one of the more cost-competitive environments to do construction and projects. And to Guy's point, if you look at the Western Australia, in particular, and South America, whether it's Peru or Chile, those are probably the more challenging. So you have look at it on a regional basis. It's not a one size fits all as we see this sort of to speed recovery in the world today.
Guy Lansdown: This is Guy. The block model that we've got at present is performing well. The grades that we are mining do reconcile back to the block model, so we feel pretty confident with where we are in regard to the grades the block model does have itself. One of the challenges is mining at the rate that we're meant to. We mined at a bit of lower rates than we had planned for the quarter. And as Richard said and Russell said, we are having challenges on the dry plants, but we have a team that is getting on top of this. We've got a project in place to upgrade those conveyors as we speak. And in addition, we're looking at some debottlenecking projects to further debottleneck the dry plant because that's where our bottleneck is. Our opportunity to increase production is in the dry plant. Our wet plant is operating much better than performance. So I would expect that once we get our mining rates up to where they are planned to be, our grade will come along with it.
Guy Lansdown: Mike, it's Guy. This is obviously a challenge for everybody, capital cost inflation. The approach that we've taken is on our major projects, we've got our EPCM contractors locked in place. We've got good teams, not only from our perspective but also from our EPCM teams. We are locking in contracts, the construction contracts as we speak. As we said at Akyem, we have all of the major construction contracts in place except for one. And at Conga, we continue to bid out the work. But we have the earthworks construction package in place, and we're bidding the remainder as we speak. So we feel pretty confident that we've got an approach that will address that risk. In addition to that, our equipment, we have placed purchase orders and the like for long-lead equipment such as mills and mining equipment. So we feel relatively confident that we've got good plans in place. In addition, we've allowed metal ounces for escalation in line with industry escalation rates that we can expect. So we feel relatively confident going forward.
Guy Lansdown: Yes, Russell is absolutely right. So in North America, we're going to have -- our projects are not going to face as a big challenge as they would, to Russell's point, in Chile and Australia. Peru is hotting up a bit, but we feel we're ahead of the markets and ahead of the projects that are likely to come out. And in Africa, we're in a good position with regard to where we are with contracts and the like. So we feel confident with our path forward.
Randy Engel: Mike, really, it's the 5 main criteria that we keep talking about. We're looking for anything that helps us enhance the combination of competitive growth. On returns, we look for returns usually in that kind of mid-teen level at a relatively conservative metal price, which isn't the easiest thing to do when you burden up acquisitions with premium. We also look at, number three, at opportunities that enhance our exploration position. We obviously try to balance out by keeping our balance sheet intact. As we've talked before, as Richard and Russ both mentioned, we have a bias toward keeping our share count down. We just put all of those into the mix and those criteria continued to be at the forefront of our thinking on M&A as well.
Randy Engel: Yes. Mike, I think is rather than change our criteria, what we're is we're seeing perhaps more favorable opportunities as our currency rises.
Randy Engel: John, it's Randy. We held on to 19% of Pilot. We felt that, that was a prudent level to hold onto. We tried to keep a good connection with each of those companies and it fits into the portfolio. Our sense is that we've got a good balance of those, and we will keep an eye on them going forward.
