Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy and I'll wrap it up on Slide 23. I'm privileged to lead an organization with a proven track record and a long history of value creation. Capitalizing on the strength of our people, assets and integrated operating model Newmont is well positioned to lead the industry with our commitment to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible mining. As our company moves into its next 100 years, we remain focused on delivering value to all of our stakeholders from our world-class portfolio of long-life responsibly managed assets, located in top tier jurisdictions. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Tyler. I’ll pass it across to Rob that we are certainly continuing to manage the virus across just about every one of our locations. But Rob, maybe you give a bit of color as you flip around the globe.
Tom Palmer: Tyler, if I build upon that, we will continue to make decisions that put the health and safety of our workforce and local communities front and center. And that kind of my example, it was midnight on a Friday night that positive case came through within two hours that team had made the decision to put their operation in the care and maintenance, have 750 people back in their rooms quarantined and everything safely buttoned up at the mine site and had notified 900 people who had flown home in the previous 48 hours to ensure that they were going into home quarantine and doing the appropriate testing. And we will continue to make those decisions and courageous decisions to ensure health and safety about all else. As we look around how we're managing these impacts with a portfolio of our size with the strength we have of a balanced portfolio around the globe, we believe that we can continue to accommodate these pandemic impacts within the guidance that we provided.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Tyler. We certainly and that the slight bump in the capital cost from what we've been guarding previously was looking at current prices and looking at COVID impacts. And we've already placed orders on a number of critical path items, which is really locking up pricing and schedule. And we're doing some of that the Yanacocha Sulfides as well to ensure that we can manage by schedule and cost. So there’s COVID impacts, but also we've already done some work to locking contracts and pricing. So it takes into account on a capital cost of the considerations around current inflation pressures in COVID. And from an operating sense to a couple of years out before that operation comes online, we do expect these inflationary pressures to be cyclical and may well be thrown out the other side of that cycle by the time Ahafo North is up and running and producing.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Fahad, and good morning. The - it’s our needle moving sites really drive here our portfolio movements on a hockey-to-hockey basis. So Peñasquito is pretty flat, it’s having a very solid year, but it's pretty consistent half-on-half, quarter-on-quarter. Boddington, we are - and I was down at Boddington about three weeks ago, watching autonomous haulage in action and spending some time in the south pit and so if I lay back just looking at our work to move down into the high-grade ore. So we are moving into the high-grade ore in the latter part of this year. And Rob talked a bit about the importance of managing some of the geotechnical challenges and some of the equipment reliability challenges are really important. We had that discipline and focus to get to that high-grade ore. So Boddington is a great contributor. Tanami has got some high grade in the latter part of the year. And so I’m very pleased that we're able to navigate through that positive case back up and running very smoothly. And we'll enter into some high grade starts at Tanami in the latter part of the year. And the other one is Ahafo. We've got a stronger second half in Ahafo as we get – certainly, it’s the underground, Subika underground sublevel shrinkage comes on, but also as we get into some high grade ore out of the open pit. So flat for Peñasquito, stronger second half for Boddington and Ahafo and they are the operations that moved the needle.
Tom Palmer: We're very excited about Yanacocha Sulfides, we're very excited about the long life potential of sulfide so sulfide project is built off and the economics have built off the first wave, what we call the first wave which is another live at Yanacocha and third a pit chucky culture underground but there is a second wave and the third wave and the fourth wave of sulfides ore that come after you've installed that processing infrastructure. It's a story that will play out like Carlin did for Newmont from the early to mid-90s and over the last 25, 30 years. So we're very excited about the potential of Yanacocha. We see Yanacocha as a cornerstone asset and a key district that we want to be in for a very long time and its gold and copper which we're very excited about. So we see opportunity when we think about M&A activity we look at where we can consolidate in districts like we did with GT Gold in the Golden Triangle over the earlier part of this year. And certainly if we could consolidate our position at an upgrading asset in a prolific district in around Yanacocha that opportunity presented and we could pick up more of that asset forfeiture value we would be interested.
Tom Palmer: Josh we can't hear you. You must be on mute or something. Operator it looks like we might have a connection issue with Josh.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Greg. So we're moving down into the higher grades in the south pit. So as you move into those higher grades you progressively start to build into higher, higher grades that are coming out of the south pit and obviously feeding into the middle. So you are going to see - we will see a trend of higher production in the second half as you do that. It's really going to be that mind sequence at how much of that high-grade you get by December 31 and how much tips over into January as we move through. So it's going to be a stronger second half because we're entering the high-grade area it's about how many weeks in the six months we get that high-grade material and how much is coming off a medium grade stockpile into a mill that is absolutely humming. So it’s - it will progressively increase and it's just how much that high-grade we can creep into 2021 versus tipping into 2022. And that's what we're very focused on in terms of making sure we stepped down those benches manage the bench hygiene to ensure that we're looking after geotechnical issues. And then we've had some reliability issues with a very large hydraulic shovel both engine issues and very large hydraulic oil pump issues that you wouldn't typically see in these machines. So working with the - and working very closely with the supplier that machine to make sure we get that reliability and maximize the amount of high-grade ore we get did in the second half.
Tom Palmer: But we're - we’ve - we’re still at six months in front of us Greg so we're still very much focused on Newmont and making sure we manage that page turn over very, very carefully, you know that said, I was down there for a period of time about three weeks ago spending, I’ve spent a fair bit of time calming over that shovel. And in that pit with a mining team just understanding how they're working their way through that.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Greg. It is as we, as we sit, as we've been sitting there right in the middle of our business planning process now. So as we, as a global supply chain team then starts to look at some of those, those trends, we are seeing across, I mean 50% of our case is labor. And we are seeing both in Canada and Australia quite hot labor markets for mining. And so we are seeing that has been an uptick certainly, certainly in both those countries over the course of this year. And we expect to see that flow through at least all of next year. And then materials and energy make up the next 40% to 45%, so across labor materials and energy, you’ve got, you've got our cost base. And we are saying in terms of steel and fuel and oils as we pull together out, our plans work with us various suppliers that uptick and it bundled all together, aggregate it all together, we're seeing the order of about that 5%, or 5%. We're seeing it not structural. We are seeing it is cyclical. So what we are seeing that buying through and considering that that will play our, for at least all of 2022 and starting to factor that into our planning process. We've got our continuous improvement program full potential which is very mature but we are leaning in too hard to look for we can offset some of those headwinds. But we certainly are seeing that inflation trend. And of course it does set us up nicely for some pretty positive gold profit outlook as we're seeing that. But we're pulling together the detailed analysis for our business plan that we are seeing as trends flow through.
Tom Palmer: That’s right, Greg. And as we see the midstream in our planning process, looking at about that around about that 5% aggregated number.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Jackie. So for 2021, we’re certainly seeing on the cost side somewhere between midpoint in the high-end so that high-end is plus-5%. So we’re high-end plus 5%. So, we're going to track some way within it, so we as we stated I am looking at some of those inflationary pressures, so that we can and will accommodate our costs this year. Within that, certainly as we look at 2022 and now and update our long-term guidance in December, we're certainly saying that cost pressure I was just talking with Greg about. And on the development capital side, we have built with the Tanami and we've built into the Ahafo North. Our understanding of where cost is and that's accommodated within the outlook we've given for both of those projects. We are continuing to de-risk Yanacocha Sulfides, where we're on critical path. We are getting - surely we get factory slots and prices for some different critical path items for instance oxygen plants and the like. So, we're making sure we're managing that process ahead of a full funds decision, so that when they come out with a hopefully full funds decision in December that what we've gone to is accommodating some of those capital cost inflationary pressures. And then on the development capital side as we guide outside left the inflationary pressures more the sequence of those projects as you've got a different COVID impacts. How is the spend profile looking for a half a north and Yanacocha Sulfides then a Tanami is more going to be the influence of our development capital number in 2022 versus 2023 versus 2024.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Jackie. It's certainly I think a very important step in the declaration of President, Castillo. Next step for us will be to see how he assembles his cabinet and then make - we know who we can engage with and understand that we're about to embark upon a couple of billion dollar investment in their country. I think it’s clear that they acknowledge the importance of mining to Peru's economy and a country that's probably the worst hit from the pandemic around the world. And so the opportunity to have an investment into the mining industry that's going to help the Peruvian economy, I'm optimistic that discussion will be well-received as we can start engaging with the new cabinet. We've been in Peru for 30 years. Yanacocha Sulfides will position us to be in Peru for at least another 30 or 40 years. So we are taking a very long-term view on this decision, but pleased to see that we've got our decision in the election, which will allow us then to start engaging over the next six months with some of those key leaders in government.
Tom Palmer: Yes it predominantly is steel that we're seeing it come through on the materials side. And what we'd also tuck-in underneath materials and when we think about that element of our so as particularly as we’ve got concentrate we're moving out of Peñasquito and Boddington. We are seeing freight costs increase so that will be the two materials areas that we're seeing that pressure.
Tom Palmer: And just making sure you're keeping a catch benches clear which is stepping down. So we’re starting to see because of some of that that weather I mean if you remember in that Boddington pit Tanya when you were there a few years ago, it’s quite a fractious material. So it's making sure you've got those places clean, you keeping your catch benches clean and making sure you've got that hygiene which is stepping down, so you’re not creating problems for yourself into the future because you're not looking after you've bench hygiene.
Tom Palmer: Sure. And Rob’s in regular, Rob and Greg would talk every week, for every couple of weeks. So it's the mill feeding the roster and it's the slippery on the mill that's had the fire and is being replaced. And Rob, you might give a bit of color and my understanding of the impact from an NGM perspective.
Tom Palmer: Rob and I are also hitting up to across to Alcoa on Sunday's for our quarterly board meeting. So we'll get a chance to have a bit of a look-see as well.
Tom Palmer: Yes, one of the things to monitor without cost guidance as we guided $1,200 gold price. And so when you see our year-to-date actual costs they include production taxes and royalties of some $20 to $30 an ounce because we've been up at around $1,800. So it's factoring - it's factoring in that $20 to $30 assuming gold price stays at current levels will continue to flow through and our actual costs going forward.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Mike, great question and I’ll pass it across to Steve Gottesfeld to give you some color in terms of some of the aspects of the work we're doing there.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us today. And please as this virus continues to play out stay safe and healthy and look after your families. Thanks everyone.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. Thanks, Tyler. And if I kind of start off in Australia that obviously the Tanami mine that we had that first positive case and you get two weeks completely shut down. And it takes a little while to ramp up. And Tanami mine has no backup but about 90%. So, it's two weeks plus a few days. But the biggest worry we've got in Australia is that each one of the states and territories have got different rules and regulations and they're not necessarily allowing free travel between the states and the quarantining. And we've obviously got people that work at the different states. So that's a risk moving forward that we're carefully watching and carefully managing in Australia. But really in terms of the biggest area, which we're still worried about to South America is that by far and away that's where we've had the biggest impacts certainly set in agro. We've had several key outbreaks and we've had to shut down several times in the second quarter. But vaccines are starting to get through there and building up in similar Yanacocha that vaccines are coming through. But it's the absenteeism, Tyler, which is the biggest unpredictable thing that you can sometimes have shovel operators away, you can have mill operators away and that causes the biggest challenge. But certainly, with the vaccines in that part of the world that's certainly very positive for us. In terms of Canada, I mentioned about muscle weight that we had that week in April and May where we had to go into care and maintenance, so that that had a significant impact. But again, as each one of the Canadian stays, their level of absenteeism has sometimes been three or four times higher than what we’ve typically had. And that really impacts the development, et cetera. And the key thing that I want to get across is it that the saints are actually managing the situation very, very well. But it is the unpredictability of the virus. And that's the challenge we've got. But with the vaccines coming on, we're certainly very hopeful that will reduce. But it's a very difficult question to actually put your finger on.
Rob Atkinson: I think the only thing that I would add Tom is Tanya that it also applies to contractors where maintenance shuts that there is such demand competing priorities. And as Tom said if you're trying to do a major shift in Western Australia and you're limited to contractors there sometimes you can't do all the work you need to. And as such you've got to do the fair work et cetera. And similar to what Tom said in Canada we've also seen exploration contractors also lift their prices as well. So those are definitely the two toughest in the autos markets.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. Tanya it's quite a seasonal issue there as well is with Australia. And that part of the world tends to get quite heavy rain. And when you've got heavy rain, there's always the risk to the walls where we stand off a little bit further. And that's something which we've been managing very, very carefully. So it's things as practical as that. And just for a piece of information this month of July has been some of the record rainfalls in Australia. So we've just had to stand off the walls a little bit further. And that causes a slight slowdown in the charts.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. Certainly, Tanya. It’s obviously, it has been a major failure when down end of May. We're expecting it to come up sometime in September. What the team at NGM has been able to do is run a different type of feed there whether it's the high carbon materials to make sure that there's still material that were going through that particular mill. But in terms of the impact when we look at the roster and also some of the challenges that are occurring at Turquoise Ridge we're looking at for Newmont about 40,000 ounce impact.
Rob Atkinson: Okay. I'll kick off, Steve. And Tanya, one of the key things to see is it’s year-to-date, there has actually been quite a remarkable turnaround there in terms of actually onsite. The presence of the illegal miners on the site has been managed particularly well that the Guinean authorities are working closely with us to make sure that we're not only targeting the illegal miners, but also where the gold is getting processed is also getting sold. And the response from the Guinean authorities has been first class. At the same time, we've increased our intelligence, our monitoring, our response et cetera. So in many ways, the way in which we are managing, what we can manage on site is actually going quite well with a clear partnership with the Guinean authorities. There has obviously been some issues offsite and perhaps Steve if you want to just talk about that.
Rob Atkinson: Yes, yes so we are - and we are building our plants now [native] but we are incorporating. We do expect those COVID protocols and costs to continue into next year. So we are building assumptions around those into our cost as we build our plant and that when I talk that 3% to 5% that's including any provisions we might for them.
