Guy Lansdown: Thanks, Russell. On to Slide 12. We are particularly encouraged by today's gold and copper reserves report, which reflects over 8 million new gold ounces in reserves, a 2% growth net of depletion and 300 million new pounds of copper representing a 3% increase over last year. As a large senior gold producer, we are thrilled to be in a position to boost our reserves on a net basis and primarily through the drill bit.  Our 2010 drilling program resulted in total copper reserves at record levels of 9.4 billion pounds and near record reserves of 93.5 million ounces of gold. North America was the largest contributor to higher gold reserves in 2010, with additions at Leeville/Turf, Twin Creeks, Phoenix and La Herradura. Other large reserve additions we made at Tanami in the Asia-Pacific region and at Ahafo in the Africa region. North America also made the largest contribution to non-reserve mineralization, with significant additions at Gold Quarry, Leeville/Turf, Buffalo Valley and Twin Creeks. Initial NRM was declared at the Merian Gold greenfield project in Suriname, solidifying the exciting potential in the region. Other noteworthy contributors to NRM included KCGM and Tanami in the Asia-Pacific region.  For 2011, we have budgeted about $360 million for exploration, which covers both expense and capital on a consolidated basis and is an increase of over 40% from 2010. On Slide 13, you can see the breakdown by region. This larger budget gives us additional flexibility to work on substantial mine life-extending projects, such as Subika and Leeville/Turf. With more dollars to invest back into the business, we are focusing on large district potential targets like the sleeping giants in Nevada, which includes Mike, Fiberline, Greater Phoenix and Copper Basin, as well as Elang in Indonesia, Yanacocha Verde in Peru and Merian in Suriname.  Now I'll turn the call over to Brian Hill to discuss our operational results.
Guy Lansdown: Yes, sure. John, thanks for the question. Western Oxides is a project that sits on the Western side of the operation, which composes Chaquicocha and Yanacocha, and it's really putting some more laybacks into those and additional smaller pits. So it is really expanding the oxide deposits that we have there already. In addition to the Western Oxides, we're looking on the eastern side as well. We continue to build on our existing pits and develop further laybacks, so that's really what is. The continuation of the current oxide pits.
Guy Lansdown: David, this is Guy. When we did reserve calculation, we've taken into account the latest models and adjustments that we've seen to date. And as you can see, our reserves have remained pretty much in line with what we had last year.
Guy Lansdown: Yes, sure, David. The bulk of our spend, about $10 million, went into generative exploration. We've put more funds into our generative programs. But the bulk of the additional spend went into the near mine, mainly in North America and Hope Bay. So the areas that we'd be focusing on are Leeville/Turf, Hope Bay, Midas, Fiberline. Those are just examples of where we're putting them. In addition, we're spending dollars on Elang, which has got a permit to start exploring there. So the bulk of the dollars are, as you can see, in North America and Hope Bay.
Guy Lansdown: Yes, that's correct. So $360 million is consolidated exploration expense including capitalized expenses.
Guy Lansdown: Yes. Patrick, this is Guy. We've completed really the pre-feasibility study, what we call our stage 2, but that's pre-feasibility study. So we've gone through that process. At the moment, we're in discussions with the government trying to get a mining agreement or the mineral agreement. And from what we've seen from the drill results and the initial studying that we've done, we were very happy to advance it into the next stage.
Guy Lansdown: Yes, that's right. I mean, if you think about it, we think about it in terms of a district as well, because we've got some pretty big exploration projects in Suriname. We've talked a bit about Cassador, which is a new discovery we made last year, and we've also got the Saramacca deposit that we continue to explore on. So we're pretty excited that this could turn into a new district for the company.
Guy Lansdown: This year, we've got to re-establish the camp. And we've got to start working with the communities before we get back onto the ground and drilling. But we did plan on actually getting some drills into the ground later on this year.
Richard O'Brien: Thanks, Brian. Now I'd like to turn the discussion from our past performance briefly to the future. As you see on this map, we continue to maintain and expand our land positions and our investments in some of the world's most prolific gold producing regions. We are building value for our shareholders by investing in each of our regions through near-mine development and major projects, exploration and opportunistic M&A. We believe Newmont has some of the best development opportunities in the industry and the financial resources to pursue them. And we're looking forward to sharing more details of our longer-term development plans with you at our Investor Day in New York on April 7.  I'd like to thank all of our employees and contractors around the world for all of their hard work to deliver on a really great 2010, and we have really strengthened our ability to continue to deliver strong and consistent performance and a very strong balance sheet to continue to allow us to build for the future. Newmont turns 90 this year, and with record financial results in 2010, we're embracing the future and believe our business is as strong as ever and we're well prepared to deliver value from our business platform.  With that, I'd like to thank all of you for listening and open the call for questions.
Richard O'Brien: Yes, I think this is a pretty good base for us to look at for the next five years or so. I think we've, as we've disclosed before, I think with a few things going on in Nevada with the repair of the Gold Quarry slide, I think we see Nevada continuing to stabilize and improve its production level. And I think in Australia, we will have to continue to see good drifting and good results at Jundee to continue to expand that mine in the next three to five years. But I think in general, John, across the portfolio, this is a good level for the future to build on.
Richard O'Brien: I'd say, Jorge, that -- obviously, the dividend is a board decision, but I'd tell you how we think about it, which is based on the current balance sheet that we have, the fact that even with an announced acquisition of Fronteer Gold, which is for all intents and purposes covered by our generation of free cash flow in 2010, I think we're well positioned to continue to both invest in the business as well as look at return to capital to shareholders. So I think the board has that flexibility. With respect to your question on free cash flow generation, obviously it depends on gold price. But given where we are today, I'd say we're $500 million plus of free cash flow with a significant balance sheet to carry that through. So I think to the extent that the market pays for dividends, and we'll associate share increases with that, I think we're prepared to consider that. To the extent that the market prefers growth and we should be investing in our growth platform, we will consider that. The great news about Newmont and our balance sheet and cash flow is we can do both.
Richard O'Brien: Well, we are making a number of investments, which I'd say is far too early to evaluate whether they are going to add productions in the next three to five years. We certainly have a number of projects, which will add production beyond the five-year period in this capital profile. And when we come to Investor Day, we'll be able to give you a little better view into what we think of the future even beyond 2012 or '13 as we start to continue to reinvest in the business. I'm going to ask Randy to add to that.
Richard O'Brien: We don't give the production by each asset, but Brian can give you a sort of a headline on what's kind of changed from maybe what we saw a year ago.
Richard O'Brien: Well, Patrick, I'd say, hopefully, we'll continue to see success, particularly around the Tanami and Jundee, which will allow us to realize production quicker than we thought and to go ahead and capitalize and build-out for that. That would be a great result from our perspective.
Richard O'Brien: I think it's fair to say that this could be an emerging district that clearly, it's a longer-term orientation for us with some shorter-term challenges with respect to just making sure that we get the right agreement with the government, and I think this is something that our South American team is great at. And we'll work through this and hopefully be able to build on a recent meeting that the President had with some people in the region to get support for the project. So I think things are going pretty well.
Richard O'Brien: And I'd just add to that, Brian, that we have done a good job of getting back into Boddington and looking at the capital that could be invested in the plant. If we determine that it makes sense to speed up production, if we can just get the base established really what's in front of us, and Guy and Brian and the team have done a nice job drilling up the pit for this year and into next year, so I think we feel pretty good about this level of production. I would say this is a long-term asset, as Brian said. We have a tremendous plant capability down there. Darren and the team in Australia are working on the mining rate, and I think that there continues to be opportunity. But that opportunity is going to take some time for us develop and again, we'll give you a further update in April and as it goes on. But for now, I think this is a pretty good level for us to project off of. And hopefully, as with a lot of opportunities at Newmont, we see more opportunities in the future both in and around Boddington.
Richard O'Brien: And I'd just add to that, that when we're talking about production rates and costs, I think it's really important to just continue to remember what we started with, which is we're in a bullish environment for gold. We will continue to find opportunities to expand the business in that environment. It will also impact our costs, though. I mean, last year when we gave guidance, we were providing guidance at $900 an ounce. This year, we're providing guidance at $1,300 an ounce. And that change alone really does impact our costs. And as Russ says, that's sort of a high-class problem for us. And we'll go with higher costs as long as we have increasing margins, why you see us focusing on increasing margin to drive cash flow and generate value for the business through reinvestment, both in exploration and into our projects, and I think that's the story you're going to continue to hear us pound away in April and I think provide further evidence for.  Okay. Thanks, all, for attending today, and we look forward to seeing you in April in New York. Thanks.
Brian Hill: David, it's Brian. I think our intention is to work towards where we expected Boddington to be on the longer term, which is in that 800,000 to 850,000 ounce range. As I mentioned, we're in the middle of some significant work around debottlenecking. We're really comfortable that we're seeing grades reconcile well with our revised model. And for us now, it's really about optimizing that existing plant, getting the plant availability up to the point where we want it to be. But our objective is to work towards getting to that longer-term target.
Brian Hill: Yes, I think, David, one of the big things we saw was increased production coming out of Leeville. We've seen higher grades coming out of Leeville than we had anticipated. And Leeville is probably the predominant asset, which has led to better production. We've also seen some increased production and performance coming out of Phoenix in 2010. So those are probably the two assets that have contributed the most to seeing better production coming out of Nevada.
Brian Hill: We're not back into ore yet, but we expect to be back into ore relatively soon. That whole remediation effort has gone extremely well a little bit quicker than planned, and we're expecting to be back into ore in Gold Quarry before late Q2.
Brian Hill: Patrick, it's Brian. No, that's related to some very specific work we're doing around tailings, expansion, some of the other work that we're doing around plant optimization. But it's not going to be a level that we expect to see on a longer-term basis.
Brian Hill: Most of it is related to new development. We've got some significantly interesting parallel resources that we're developing at the Tanami. So a lot of it's around development work to delineate those resources, which we'll talk more about at Investor Day. Similar at Jundee, we're looking at developing additional shoots at Jundee, expansion at Waihi, layback at KCGM. A lot of it's around looking at delineating new resources and extending the mine lives.
Brian Hill: It's Brian, Brian. Yes, I think we should be thinking in terms of that longer-term 850,000-ounce production rate for now. As I said, we're doing some more debottlenecking, and we'll look at ways at which we may be able to further optimize that asset considering the 20 million plus reserve base that we have at Boddington. In terms of copper, I think where we're seeing copper is copper is performing about in line with the expectations right now. So that's where I'd be sort of projecting it as we go forward. It's always reconciled relatively well with our model, and we don't really see any change in the copper.
Brian Hill: No, this is a sort of the comfortable level at which we would be looking at Yanacocha over the next couple of years. And as Guy talked about Western Oxides, we do have some really interesting opportunities in the pipeline that if they do come to fruition, we have the opportunity to look at increasing that rate.
