Tom Palmer: Thanks, Karyn. Over the last two months since we announced the binding agreement to acquire Newcrest, my team and I have engaged with many of our important stakeholders, including employees, shareholders, local communities and government leaders. These conversations were aimed at listening to and answering questions, whilst also ensuring that the benefits of the transaction and Newmont's strategic rationale were well understood. Over the next couple of months, we will continue to progress the various regulatory approvals ahead of closing the transaction, primarily in Australia and Papua New Guinea. And I'm pleased to advise we've already received clearance from the Canadian government. Earlier this month, I visited Papua New Guinea for the second time, meeting with various government officials including Prime Minister, James Marape; Deputy Prime Minister, John Russo; and Mining Minister, Sir Ano Pala. As we continue this engagement, we remain excited for the opportunity to operate Lihir, and develop the world-class Waihi gold boom project. We are diligently working towards launching a scheme booklet and filing a proxy statement this quarter with shareholder votes expected in October. We then expect to close the transaction in November and begin the important work to safely integrate the Newcrest teams and operations into our portfolio. Then be in a position to provide 2024 guidance for the combined company in February of next year, along with our fourth quarter and 2023 results. With that, I'll thank you for your time today and turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Greg. Good morning. What we're seeing in our direct cost is largely consistent with what we expected as we guided this year, and I just step through that in a little bit more detail. About half our cost base is labor, about 50% is labor made up pretty evenly between employees and contractors. Employees largely stable and expect that to remain largely stable through the rest of this year and into next. Certainly, seeing some settling down in Australia, Canada, United States. Contracted services also have stabilized. So still at a higher cost that we saw with the inflation coming through last year, but largely stabilized, maybe a little bit of easing into the second half of this year, but certainly seeing the volatility come out of that, and that's at 50%, that's a pretty important driver. 30% materials and consumables. So it's the various reagents, particularly cyanide, explosive, steel for grinding media and the like. We're seeing those largely consistent with what we expected. Natural gas prices have come off, which is then flowing through to the prices that we're seeing for both cyanide and explosives. So a little bit of relief tailwinds with those consumables and would expect that to flow through the second half of this year. We'll see supply of natural gas may be tighten a bit, which may put a bit more tension on those prices, but certainly expecting to see that stable or a little bit of an improvement and still pretty much holding its own as we look at the grinding median to remove around the place. And then the next big category is fuel and energy 15% and that's driven by diesel. And we've certainly seen some relief in oil prices relative to what we've assumed. And we would expect to see that carry on through the second half of this year, but a volatile commodity and one that we'll continue to be conservative as we think about our assumptions for that. So a few tailwinds reg some stability and consistent with what we expected for 2023.
Tom Palmer: We're certainly working towards being in a position where we can give you a view of 2024 for the combined portfolio, which would include our view of the five Newcrest assets being folded into our operations. So if things continue to go to plan in terms of regulatory approvals, shareholder votes and close, integration planning busily being done. We'll receive the keys to the car so to speak in early November, I would hope, and that gives us time to work through those mine plans, apply the Newmont lens on those mine plans and the assumptions we make for some of the key input assumptions and certainly working towards being in a position to provide the 2024 guidance for the combined portfolio in the February timeframe.
Tom Palmer: We will monitor that. And see how those numbers come together. We'll certainly be looking in the 2024 timeframe to provide as much information as we think appropriate, certainly for 2024 in that February timeframe and then -- and look for a logical time for a Capital Markets Day to share some more information on the combined portfolio and maybe even look to try and include some sort of site visit with that. So, that's still work in progress, Greg. But certainly, 2024 is in our side for the February timeframe.
Tom Palmer: Good morning Anita and thank you for dialing in. I think that might be a little vacation period for you. So, good to hear your voice, and hopefully, you can get off this call and back to some better years of time. They're still working through that process. So, that's their working -- it's in train working through, but not finished yet. So, it's -- but it's on schedule in terms of when we need that information in order to be able to proceed for the time line we had in the deck.
Tom Palmer: We're certainly starting to see a step-up in grade in both Q3 and Q4, pretty consistent across Q3 and Q4 for Musselwhite and it -- we're opening up with a nice double lift stope coming on, which is going to give us both some improvement in grade and volume. And then we've got some grades and some high-grade material also coming on as a result of the work in the first half. So, pretty consistent grade. Rob through the second half and certainly seeing a step-up in volume coming out. That will ramp up over the third and fourth quarter. So, the highest volume through the mill in the fourth quarter rate pretty consistent.
Tom Palmer: That's right, Anita. So, in Akyem, we stepped out into stockpiles, got the -- I mean, if those of you who know Akyem's a long, narrow pit and so is where as we're getting the last of the ore from the bottom of the pit and the current layback and wanting to bring down the next layback. We want to make sure that we maximize that also. We stepped out of the pit, made sure catch benches and the like rolling good shape. And swung into the stock -- the stockpiles we would have been in, in the fourth quarter. And now we're back in that ore. And so we basically got right of mine grade ore from the bottom of the pit coming through. You'll see most of that through the -- as now you see a good portion of that through the build through the third and fourth quarter now. It's the highest grades in the fourth quarter, building up through the third.
Tom Palmer: We see the step-up in grade at Cerro Negro pretty consistent through the third and fourth quarter at Cerro Negro. And then you'll actually see -- you see quite a step-up in tons mined as we've got more ability to access ore, particularly as we start to extract ore from San Marcos for the first time. So pretty consistent second half across Q3 and Q4, in terms of material coming through the mill and the grades looking pretty consistent through those two quarters from correct to the back.
Tom Palmer: Anita, probably one other on Ahafo. We've got the -- we've got the stars really lining up in terms of the real sweet spot in the Subika open pit as well as now having the third level of Subika underground open more than 20 draw points open. So we've got both the combination of high grades and tonnes coming out of open pit and underground at Ahafo. So it's another important one to be thinking about as you think about second half of the year. But that's certainly fourth quarter weighted as that comes through building through the third or the fourth quarter is a strong one at Ahafo with the stars lining up in both open and underground with mine sequences.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, Mike, certainly, absolutely no impact on cost structure going forward. It was from time to time, certainly, my experience and Rob's experience you'll get an event, and we had a significant potential event in the underground mine and involved a loader that we weren't happy that we had the control environment in to be managing as the standard that we'd expect around -- basically, it was a piece of equipment involved in an incident. It's a remote mine. As you know, Cerro Negro is in a very remote part of Argentina and Patagonia. And we wanted to ensure that the standards that we expect, we're clear across the four crews that were there and that we went through the underground mine and did the appropriate inspections to make sure that equipment and conditions underground were well understood. You're obviously working underground in a remote location. So it's briefly important that we can be satisfied that the expectations are well understood and the conditions underground are well understood. We're also entering into a second half, which is a step-up in both grade and tons. So we're moving into a period of time where we're going to be asking the team to step up and be working more fronts. So we took the time to ensure that conditions were clear and expectations were set. There's nothing in terms of additional cost base. It's more about just ensuring that the leaders at all levels and their mining teams are understanding the standards that we expect and that we can confidently move forward with mining what will be a strong second half at Cerro Negro.
Tom Palmer: That's right, Mike. We will do that from time-to-time in my experience. There are times when you must always maintain a chronic unease with safety, and there will be events that come from time-to-time and part of maintaining solid safety performance is recognizing when you may need to just pause and ensure everyone's got their mind on the game, understand what's expected and then move forward with confidence. And so that's something we do from time-to-time. Certainly, Cerro Negro we cited that this needed a couple of weeks down. I'd expect as we do our integration planning for Newcrest and think about five new operations coming into our portfolio, think about the work we might do through November and December. That's certainly one of the debates we're having in terms of how do we ensure that the standards that we expect at Newmont are there in place in day one of those new crystal operations. So it's something that certainly both Rob and I have done in our careers from time-to-time when we see a need to reset expectations.
Tom Palmer: That's correct. That's my understanding, Mike, we'll get the team to just run that to ground. And it's different from that, we'll let you know, but that's our understanding.
Tom Palmer: Tanya, that's correct. The members, the union members who are on strike are not being paid by the union that they're members of. And as part of our position at the negotiating table, we're not paying back pay.
Tom Palmer: Yeah. Thanks, Anita. So we -- you'll see -- and I'll get Daniel to catch up with you after the call, but we've got something in our earnings release. If you think about those costs through the month of June, at Peñasquito, we incurred $23 million of operating costs, another $15 million in depreciation due to the suspension of operations. So it's down for most of June. That's a pretty good indicator of what that's going to look like.
Tom Palmer: That's right. Tanya, we're building towards a strong fourth quarter you've got -- you'll have across some of the parts of the world in which we operate, you tend to get a bit more wet weather in the third quarter. So you typically see us have those drier locations that really bring it home in the fourth quarter. Pueblo Viejo ramping up with 40% of Pueblo Viejo. That's an important part of H2, Nevada Gold Mines guiding to a strong second half. That's an important part of our H2. Tanami, we have got pretty consistent tons through the mill in the second half, but we move into our highest grade stopes in the fourth quarter. So that's an important story. And I think we probably covered the most of the Merian certainly got a stronger second pretty consistent across Q3 and Q4. So I think we've covered the sort of the key drivers of H1 versus H2 and where the higher fourth quarter would come from.
Tom Palmer: So, Tanya, we -- our supply chain strategy, particularly with our key commodities is to have strategic contracts that are long-term based upon the size of our portfolio, and we built into those rise in full calculations. So, we pretty much then become a price taker, but at a competitive price. And, then we -- and then we'll have flowed through the -- as you see prices go up and down, we have some relief in terms of the volatility about price increases or price decreases. And then with the inventories we have at sites, and it takes a little while for that to flow through. So, we are -- on the back of natural gas prices coming off, we are seeing ammonia prices down, caustic soda prices are also down, and we are seeing improvement in both cyanide cost and explosive costs. So, that is flowing through and it's linked to -- linked back to that key commodity price, and it's flowing through our contracts. It will wash through our inventories and we just continue to, through those contracts, take the prices as we have agreed in those contracts, and that then takes normally a month or two or three to flow through our inventories.
Tom Palmer: Hey, good morning Brian. So, there's nothing left to put in all the sales being recognized in the second quarter. So, there's nothing in the supply chain from the mine site to the smelters that hasn't been sold and recognized. And then we have a small amount of concentrate stockpile on site, but not much. Sites been put into care and maintenance in very good neck and everything is safe and secure onsite. So, the expectation that common sense prevails and we've got a workforce back at work. We can ramp up very quickly with a lot of experience in being able to ramp up from the pandemic days. So, we know how to get that big mine back up and running and producing concentrate very quickly. So, it's pretty clean in terms of where we sit with the concentrates.
Tom Palmer: Daniel was writing me notes, Tanya, if you're still listening, my apologies, and I needed my apologies. Obviously, I need a holiday, sorry, how embarrassed. The high grades are in the fourth quarter. You'll actually see a little bit of a step up in the third quarter from what we were able to see in the second, and then we get into some nice high-grade stopes in the fourth quarter. So pretty consistent through the mill and a step-up in the in third and fourth quarter as they're free and clear of some of the disruption from the weather in the first half. So you see a step-up in volumes through the mill but the real grades flow in the fourth quarter. Nothing outrageous. Certainly, well within the grades that we've seen historically.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, operator. Just a quick one for Mike Parkin's question. Just confirm there's no minimum payment on the silver stream, Mike, if you're still listing on the call. Thank you all for making the time for the call this quarter, and please enjoy the rest of your day, and thank you for your time. Thanks, everyone.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. Yeah, it's just there was an article, Tom, that's saying that the union leader -- the union was taking money from their coffers and paying the workers. I just wanted to clarify that. And just how should we think about the cost of the -- on a monthly basis, being on care and maintenance as we go into July, how should I think, number one, what sort of cost should I be thinking about you incurring on care and maintenance? And number two, would that be coming through the operating costs, or would you take that out and put it under other? Thank you.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. And I would run that through the cost. You're not going to take it out separately. Sometimes you've taken it out and included it out of operating costs into other items.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. No, I appreciate that. It's just when you look at the production profile, excluding Peñasquito depending on what happens there, it is looking at the fourth quarter is the one that is going to carry quite a bit of weight for your -- in order to get your guidance.
