David Garofalo: Just wanted to highlight a couple of organizational changes before we open up the lines to Q&A. We further strengthened our board in the quarter with the appointment of Matthew Coon Come. Matthew is a former Grand Chief of the Grand Council of the Crees and also the former National Chief of the Assembly of First Nations in Canada. He brings, obviously, valuable perspective on partnerships with indigenous communities near our mines. He also brings a very keen business mind to the board, given his success as a business entrepreneur over many decades. I’d also like to acknowledge and thank Russell Ball. Russell stepped in as CFO when I joined in early 2016, with two objectives. One was to restructure the finance in corporate development organizations and to add vital bank strength to our finance team to ensure an orderly succession to a permanent CFO. He’s done a tremendous job in that regard for Goldcorp, and I’m grateful to him for his partnership and his willingness to stay through the coming months to ensure a smooth transition to Jason Attew. Jason joined us a year ago and has done a great job of de-lighting significant value from our non-core assets and helping to build what we believe is the strongest gold pipeline among senior gold producers. With that, operator, we’d be pleased to take questions.
David Garofalo: Well, for us, critical path to permitting is getting First Nations engagement, getting an impact benefit agreements done. In fact, since we filed our initial application in March 31, we made significant progress with Tr’ondek Hwech’in First Nation. We came to financial terms with them in principle. And now, we’re working to the ancillary parts of the IBA, so we’re quite confident that we’ll be able to maintain timelines on the project. We’re still looking about four years to first production in 2021.
David Garofalo: Yes, I mean, unit cost are expected to be in line with expectations. We provide our unit cost in most staying cost basis and byproduct basis per ounce of gold production. I think, you’ll find that’s pretty consistent with our peer companies in this space in terms of the disclosure.
David Garofalo: Right now, it’s unclear. There was a court order issued to shut down operations. There’s an orderly shutdown occurring as we speak. I know there’s an appeal by Glencore, the operator, and by the government as well on that court order. It’s really hard to tell when it will be up and running. Just to put it in perspective, it contributes about 10,000 to 20,000 ounces per quarter for us, so not a significant impact on our production forecast for the year.
David Garofalo: Yes, I’m absolutely sympathetic. I can’t promise anything for October because our board meetings are locked in, and obviously, our board members come from far and wide. But we’ll try to do a better job of that for 2018. I do take that on board. It’s – I can imagine that both sell side and buy side, their hair’s on fire this time of the quarter with all these results coming in from left, right and center. So I do sympathize. Thank you.
David Garofalo: Thank you very much, everybody, for your kind attention. Each of our management team remains available for any follow-up questions. Etienne, myself, anybody else, please don’t hesitate to call us. And we’ll talk to you soon. Thank you for your attention.
Todd White: Yes, thanks for the question. So yes, I would say, we’ve discussed previously, really, the catalyst for the uptick in mine tonnes at Éléonore is bringing on the development of the Horizon 5, which we expect in mid-2018. Given that, we do expect 5,000 to 5,300 tonnes per day to be in that range for Éléonore for the remainder of the year in terms of the mine. We do expect an uptick in grade towards the second half of the year. And I guess, relative to the 7,000 tonnes a day, we previously discussed that, where we’ve looked at it and we’ve confirmed that we do believe 7,000 tonne is achievable, given five mining horizons. So that is still our base plan and we’re comfortable with that.
Todd White: Yes, this is Todd. So look, we’re sticking with the 105,000 to 110,000 tonne average throughput for the remainder of the year. What I would tell you in the second quarter is, as you recall, we’re mining out of the bottom of the pit right now in Phase 5. We had a bit of a slower dewatering response that slowed us down there. That’s been corrected. We’ve installed some additional wells and that drawdown is now allowing full mine capacity there. So we’re comfortable that we’re back to the 105,000 tonne range for the remainder of the year. Relative to the grade, as you mentioned, we previously said 0.53 as an average. We now see that pushing out to about 0.6 for the remainder of the year, and that’s really a result of some of these tonnes that didn’t come through in Q2 that start to come through in Q3. So on the average, it pops to grade up a little bit higher than prior guidance.
Todd White: That would be the average for the year. So you can think what we’ve done for the first half and do the math to get to 0.6.
Todd White: Yes. Relative to Red Lake, as you’re right, we did shut down one of the mills. The throughput rate where we were in 1,650, 1,700 range or so is where we were in the quarter. Going forward, we do expect to see that come up as we expect our – the development that we’ve been putting in place at Red Lake roughly over 40 meters a day is unlocking a lot of stopes later in the year. So we do see that mill rate start to come up and match the mine rate, which will be higher than it was in the second half. So we do expect an increasing rate in the second half.
Todd White: Yes, I think, Cerro Negro is actually very pleased with the progress thereon. We’re on track with the development of Marianas Norte, which is, again similar to Éléonore, it’s that third mining front that is really going to get that tonnage up to 4,000. We’re on track with that, and we’re comfortable that, next year, we’ll be seeing that.
Todd White: As you will recall, 2018 is we’re predominantly stockpiling – processing stockpile material. So this is not pulling grade forward, it’s simply mining the grade out of the remainder of the bottom of Phase 5, which again, is pushed into Q3 a little bit. So there’s no pull forward of grade here.
Todd White: So you’ll recall that what we previously discussed, what it really is, is a component of the pyrite leach, which – Pyrite Leach Project, which is really allowing us to treat higher organic carbon content ores. And really, what it is, it’s designed to pre-float the carbon component of the ore out, prior to sending that material further on to Pyrite Leach, which we want the carbon out, which to eliminate any sort of preg-robbing issues. So the carbon pre-float does come in a bit earlier than the overall Pyrite Leach Project. So we’re looking at that later in 2018, when that comes in. That then allows us to commission that ahead of Pyrite Leach. So really, what it is, is the ability to deal with the preg-robbing issues before we send it to conjugate these.
Todd White: This is Todd. You’re right, we did see some pretty extreme weather down in Southern Argentina. We did have a bit of impact on Q2, the National Power Grid was affected, which did affect us. We saw about six days of interruption but nothing significant. Right now that weather has changed in Q3 so far, there’s been no issues whatsoever. So bit of a short-term hit there.
Todd White: Sure. Yes, this is Todd. So Cerro Negro, I would say, we are currently right about – a little bit – right at 20 meters a day development, which is on pace with where we expect to be at this point. So again, I’d say, very pleased with where we are there. At Éléonore, we’re developing over 50 meters a day right now, as we develop that lower half of that mine and bringing Horizon 5 forward. Again, I think, the productivities, I think, in both of the sites are on track with where we are expect them to be. No issues that I see and I’m very pleased that we’re on track.
