Tom Palmer: Thanks Nancy. Turning to Slide 23, we continue to build momentum and are taking the necessary steps to position our business for long-term success. We remain focused on the five foundational principles of our strategy. Keeping our people safe with a relentless commitment to our safety culture and systems; growing margins through the application of our operating, technical and exploration discipline; leveraging our exploration program and unmatched portfolio to grow reserves and resources; optimizing our world-class project pipeline and maintaining discipline around capital allocation. Thank you for your time. And with that I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Chris. I’ll take the second part of your question and Rob, just pulling out, he can give you the answer to the second part, if not, we can go offline and get those numbers to you. Very important part of Autonomous Haulage is to vet it down and prove the operation of that technology in our gold mining environment and to manage through the change management process associated with that. So very important part of Boddington achieving the level of performance that it has and through that level of performance extending its mine life to underpin the replacement of a mining fleet with an autonomous mining fleet is an excellent opportunity for us to bring autonomous into our business. We'd be looking first foremost at using that technology to prove up the base case for some of the key projects that we have in our project pipeline. So, it'd be the very large gold copper deposits that we've got a pre-feasibility study. So proving, proving up Boddington and having that inform those pre-feasibility studies would be the first and then if there were opportunities around our business to either replace fleet or convert fleet, we would consider that. You need to have the mine life in front of you in order to be able to justify the replacement of a mining fleet. So those opportunities may present, but it's more about presenting the base case for those very important studies we have at pre-feasibility stage.
Tom Palmer: And then one other Chris to keep in mind as you're looking at cash flow. We will start to ramp-up our spend on development capital as we start to ramp-up our work at Tanami 2. So you will see that that in the second half as well.
Tom Palmer: But Chris, there are 12 operations that we're going to drive value from, so you can see us absolutely focused on delivering and exceeding our commitments from those 12 operations. There are couple of areas that we're working on that aren't part of our core operations. One is that we have a power business in Kalgoorlie that's – that we're working through, if you remember from the announcement with Northern Star, they've got first rights to make an offer for that. That's material in terms of the value of that power business. And the other area we're doing is cleaning up our equity portfolio. So we're actively working on that. And you might see the order of, through the combination of all of those things up to a $300 million of proceeds, $200 million to $300 million of proceeds that may come from that. So I'd call that sweeping up, but it's a material number as we work to clean house in the first half of this year.
Tom Palmer: Greg, are you coming to Peñasquito next week, because we're going to go into some detail with the folks that are visiting.
Tom Palmer: Greg both Peñasquito and Cerro Negro through the diagnosis and design phases and firmly into their delivery phases and so we're through that and we're into the 18-months delivery. Éléonore is now in there, they've been through the diagnosis and they're now in the design phase. So the two, the two assets that deliver significant value. And Peñasquito delivers huge value, we’re firmly in the deliver phase.
Tom Palmer: Probably need to go offline with you on that one, Anita. Well, certainly, we moved some Century out of reserve into resource and we certainly kept some reserve in where we could still mine those ounces. So that might be one that we can quickly get Jason Dando and Dean to jump up the line and take you through.
Tom Palmer: Again, Anita, we can probably go offline on that detail, but I mean, those Ahafo South is, is ounces coming in with the changing mining method and Merian we've got ounces coming in as we continue to drill out around the terrific story at Tanami story, here us talking more about is the Oberon deposit with the first ounces coming into resource. That's got to be a terrific addition to the Tanami’s story, but I'm more than happy to maybe jump offline and go through asset by asset and take you through that detail.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Mark and – terrific to get a question from you. Slide 5 is just the Goldcorp synergy. So we have built into our guidance for Nevada Gold Mines, the synergies that that Barrick have provided publicly. So that's built into our plan. But in the $500 million of cash flow that we will deliver in 2021 in the $340 million of cash flow that we will deliver this year, all of that comes from the five new operations that came into our business from Goldcorp.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Adam. So, one of the beauties of our portfolio as it's some – as it's now positioned is that we have across those 12 operations and the ore bodies that sit underneath them and the three projects that we have in either definitive feasibility study or executions at Tanami 2, Ahafo North and Yanacocha Sulfides, the ability to sequence those projects in. And they are the three projects that underpin the 6 million to 7 million ounces of steady development capital spend over the better part of this decade that Nancy was talking about those three projects plus the exploration potential of our existing assets and the opportunity to improve the performance of our existing assets give us a steady profiled north of 6 million ounces for this decade at least. So we'll talk more about that in the weeks ahead. But what that allows us to do with those three big projects, Norte Abierto, Nueva Unión and Galore Creek, that I see sitting in pre-feasibility study, is for us to work with our joint venture partners to apply some of our key strategic mine planning methodology that we have within Newmont, understand those ore bodies to optimize those ore bodies to establish a competition for capital and see which of those come forward first because we'll only implement those in series, which of those will come first towards the latter part of this decade, if not the start of the next decade for implementation. And I think that sits pretty consistently with our joint venture partners thinking about those projects. So I think we're aligned. And the beauty of our portfolio is that we have plenty of time to really optimize those projects and bring them on and we will get from each of those projects along with Yanacocha Sulfides and excellent exposure to copper as the globe goes through the energy transition. So I'm very excited about our organic pipeline and I think we can work well with our JV partners to bring them on when they are ready to come on.
Tom Palmer: John, in a word yes. It's a fantastic acquisition. Those assets are terrific ore bodies. There are – there's excellent infrastructure and they are in very good hands and we're going to deliver huge value from them. So it was a fantastic acquisition and I think we're demonstrating what those assets can really do when they're in the hands of an operating company like Newmont.
Tom Palmer: Yes, you should be optimistic about Éléonore and the upside potential as we apply Newmont exploration skills to that asset. For Coffee, we've put that study back where it should be in pre-feasibility study and it's one of the deposits that our head of exploration is very excited about. And we want at least two seasons of drilling to prove out that ore body. And what we're looking at with the Century project is understanding what that – that next life that what that next layback is at Porcupine. So we're actively working that project at the right level to look to see what – what we can do to bring those ounces into that business. And we're working – and we'll continue to work bloody hard at Porcupine to get their productivities up and improve their costs, which will further enhance the ability to bring – essentially what will be layback back into that mine.
Tom Palmer: Thank you everyone for joining us and thank you for your continued interest in Newmont. Have a good day. Thank you.
Chris Terry: Tom, Nancy and Rob, thanks for taking my questions. The first one is just around the autonomous opportunity that you've mentioned at Boddington. Just wondering if you can give a bit more color on the actual savings on a per ton of mining. And also just as a follow up, will you likely wait until seeing how that goes at Boddington or are you looking at other sites between now and 2021 in advance of that. Thanks.
Chris Terry: Thanks. Thanks Tom and Rob. And then just in terms of the operations, thinking about the 2020 progression, Just wondered if you could highlight just sort of the quarter to quarter and half to half split. I noticed you mentioned Éléonore weak in the first quarter, obviously Musselwhite second half weighted, you've gone through a couple of the other assets, but I just wanted if you could make some comments on that. Thanks.
Chris Terry: Just wondering in general as you go through your yearly guidance, just thinking about it, maybe first half versus second half or just items to look for on a quarterly progression. Just overall, I know you don't guide specifically to the quarter, but just things that we should look out for as the year goes on.
Chris Terry: Okay, great. Thanks for that. The last one from me, I mean, you've obviously done the mine divestments Kalgoorlie, Red Lake, where the portfolio stands today is there anything that's non-core? I don't think so, but I just wanted to check.
Rob Atkinson: Chris, thanks very much for the question. And we're conservatively estimating that we're going to get a 20% improvement in productivity with the trucks in terms of the material that they can move. And that will obviously transfer to a lower cost per ton. The key areas that we'll be focusing on most of all are around the shift changes. Obviously that disappears, the maintenance requirements, the increased speed, and also the ability to get greater payloads. So all-in-all where we're sitting is about a 20% initial estimate, but obviously we're going to be hoping to push that very, very hard. And we've certainly seen some great performance in other mining companies and we certainly believe we can do that and some moving forward.
Rob Atkinson: Well thanks. Thanks very much Greg. And very, very clear that that's where the bottleneck is, that we're sitting at a rate of 37 million ton throughput for the year. We're looking again net up to 39 very quickly. Now that certainly isn't the end to it, but as you balance the different products between the gold and the zinc and the lead and the silver, you do have to balance the backend of the plant with the front-end. But we've certainly been able to choke feed through that front end and we're looking at 39 million ton throughput.
Rob Atkinson: Not quite yet that we've Éléonore is very well advanced. Obviously Peñasquito is fully advanced. That Porcupine is ramping up and given where Musselwhite is at, with the conveyor that's going to be the last one to ramp-up. But on the whole we're making very, very good progress. And, even though full potential isn't ramped up fully at Porcupine and Musselwhite, the level of engagement between our technical teams and our operational teams is very significant. So we're making very good progress.
Rob Atkinson: Beg your pardon. The Cerro Negro was one of the first to kick off that's proceeding well and again we have a terrific SME support down there and we're focusing on some key things down there. Just a handful of things, which will make a difference and the big one is improving the development rates there and the productivity of the equipment in general. And we're certainly seeing some good early wins here.
