Nancy Buese: Thanks, Rob. Let's start with a look at the financial highlights. Newmont delivered a solid performance in the second quarter with $3.1 billion in revenue at a realized gold price of $1,836 per ounce, adjusted EBITDA of $1.1 billion and solid free cash flow of $514 million. Our strong cash flow generation allows Newmont to provide superior shareholder returns, largely to our industry-leading dividend framework. Last week, we declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.55 per share, calibrated at $1,800 per ounce, demonstrating our confidence in our future outlook and our commitment to leading returns. And as Tom mentioned earlier, we're in a period of meaningful reinvestment, an essential component in growing production, improving margins and extending mine life. In the second quarter, we invested more than $600 million through capital, exploration and advanced project spend as we continue to progress our near-term projects and invest in our future. In July, we paid $34 million in advanced project spend, part of our initial $100 million commitment to Caterpillar, as we work to develop autonomous battery electric haul trucks for our open pit CC&V and our underground mine at Tanami. Compared to the first quarter, adjusted net income declined more than $0.20 on due to the macroeconomic factors that Tom mentioned earlier, in addition to lower realized metal prices for gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc. We sold 46% of our metal in the month of June at an average gold price of $1,834 per ounce, substantially decreasing our average realized gold price for the quarter compared to the LBMA gold price of $1,871 per ounce. Average realized metal prices were also impacted by $105 million of unfavorable mark-to-market adjustments on provisionally priced sales due to a sharp decline in metal prices on June 30. These impacts alone resulted in a reduction to net income of approximately $0.19 per share compared to the first quarter, largely offsetting a 12% increase in gold sales volumes due to higher production from our operations in Australia and Africa. In addition, we experienced an increase of approximately $80 million from higher labor and materials costs and nearly $50 million from higher diesel and energy prices compared to the first quarter. And as Rob mentioned, we incurred a $70 million expense in the second quarter related to the Penasquito profit-sharing agreement. These impacts, along with smaller, less meaningful items, resulted in second quarter adjusted net income of $362 million or $0.46 per diluted share. Despite the current market environment, our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged with a clear strategy: to reinvest in our business through exploration and organic growth projects; to maintain financial strength and flexibility in our balance sheet and to continue to provide industry-leading returns to shareholders. In the first half of this year, we delivered on each of these priorities by progressing our profitable reinvestment into the business with the advancement of our near-term projects and an ongoing commitment to our robust exploration strategy, enhancing our ownership of world-class assets and proven mining jurisdictions through the acquisition of the remaining interest in Yanacocha and the Sulfides project. Maintaining our industry-leading dividend of $2.20 per share on an annualized basis and sustaining a strong balance sheet with $7.3 billion in liquidity and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.3x, preserving Newmont's financial flexibility with no debt due until 2029. As we look towards the second half of the year, we remain confident in our ability to continue delivering strong results and free cash flow to maintain our disciplined approach to capital allocation and creating long-term value for the business and all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll hand it back to Tom to talk about what to expect for the remainder of 2022.
Nancy Buese: Yes. It's certainly around gold price and margins much more. We're not solving for a particular deal. I would also indicate, too, we've been on the more conservative side with the 40% payout at 1,800 as we were entering this period of reinvestment. And the other piece I would note was when we put the framework in place several years ago, we started and have continued to enjoy quite high cash balances. And we indicated at that time that, that gives us quite a glide path if prices were to change. So we have a great deal of conservatism built into the framework and the ability to continue to consider and evaluate based on those cash balances and our ongoing outlook.
Nancy Buese: Yes. So the gold that we have is a long-term stability of the business, and that absolutely requires reinvestment in these significant capital projects. So that will continue to be a very high priority for us. And certainly, our investment-grade ratings and our balance sheet stability are also important. So we will endeavor to maintain our margins, so we can deliver on all 3 of those priorities. But certainly, the long-term value of the business is very important to us. So we'll continue to calibrate and balance across all 3 of those imperatives, but I would say reinvestment is certainly quite critical.
Nancy Buese: Yes, that's exactly right, Tom. So if you remember back to our framework, we had indicated a dollar-based dividend at $1,200 gold price and through the inflationary pressures and what we are seeing, as Tom indicated, around reserve pricing and everything else, the question becomes what is that floor today. And so what you may end up seeing, and we've still got quite a lot of work to do with a slight shift in the framework, but certainly, we have the ability and we'll retain the ability to pay a dividend into the future.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Thanks for the question, and it's one where we continue to evaluate. As we've indicated previously, it's a very opportunistic tool, and so we will use that at certain times. As we've been doing the work over the past quarter to evaluate the impact on inflationary pressures with our capital projects, in particular, we have made the decision to think about where we want to spend our dollars and that's really what's resulted in us holding for the moment. We will continue to evaluate our share price and the use of our cash. But yes, I would consider that to be an opportunistic tool that we will certainly use from time to time. And we do have just a bit under $0.5 billion remaining on the existing program.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Thanks, Anita. And so how we think about it is we look at our plan period and our forecasting, and we calibrate over the cash, we believe we will generate during our -- for us, it's a 5-year planning period and certainly over the much longer term. And so we -- yes, in terms of our forecasting and our modeling, our view is that we are around still the 40% payout calibration at the $1,800 gold price.
Nancy Buese: Well, I think you're seeing that. We're investing in our business and investing in our future, and those are the indicated returns from these capital projects from the cash flow they will generate when complete.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Thanks, Brian. And we do look at the longer term as we consider it, and as we put the framework in place 2 years ago. So we certainly think about those puts and takes, and we have our long-term economic guidelines that we use, and we do quite a lot of work on a regular basis to look at that forward curve, where is consensus headed and then the impact on our plan. So all of that is baked in, and we do see some pretty significant disconnects from time to time. But I would say, over the long term, the trend line stay very much in alignment with our economic guidelines. So this is -- I would say this was a bit of an unusual quarter in terms of just the way the timing and the pricing aligned. But over the long term, we do sort of see those peaks and valleys flatten out.
Nancy Buese: I think it's that way with most of the miners, but typically, we will have a gold core scheduled for the last week of the quarter, and we ensure that those get shipped and sold at market. And I think that's very common. We do the same thing at the end of every month. And so that's a very normal cycle for us. But the gold pours are scheduled to really align with closing everything out at the end of the month and ensuring we have time to check -- get sales accomplished and those kinds of things, but that's a very common cycle for us in terms of sales.
Nancy Buese: That's quite normal. And also sometimes it has to do with transportation contracts and there have been disruptions in those as well. And so simply just getting the dore to market can be a challenge from time to time. So in this particular quarter, I do also think that had an impact on a bit of the back portion weighting.
Nancy Buese: Yes. We also have, in the past, continued -- and we'll continue to do so, provide great sensitivity around some of our most critical input costs. So when you think about the free cash flow generated from our operations, you'll be able to really indicate in there if we have another $10 change in diesel price, what impact is that going to have on free cash flow as well as other inputs. So we will continue to provide that transparency and all of that will be a part of our guidance in December once that's updated for 2023. To Tom's point, at this point, it looks quite similar, but we haven't finished all of that work.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Thanks, Tom. I would also add, we know that the gold price is cyclical over time. And so our goal is to ensure we're preserving margins at times of high gold price and adding cash to our balance sheet, which is exactly what we've done during this last cycle of rising gold prices, who knows where it's headed today, but that's why we wanted to be in the position that we're in. Very strong production profile for decades to come as well as a lot of cash on hand. So we'll continue to evaluate all those factors, but we truly have engineered the business to navigate through all parts of the cycle.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Lawson. I'll pick up and Nancy, if you want to chip in, I'll pass across to you. Lawson, the key aspect of our dividend framework is gold price, and we look back at gold price over an extended period of time, not necessarily any volatility you may see in a particular quarter and look at the gold price over an extended period of time and we sit down and have that discussion with our Board to ultimately decide the dividend that we pay and determine the cash that we've generated and our capacity to pay a dividend. If you look back over a 6-month, 9-month, 12-month period, gold price is averaging around between $1,850 an ounce over that period of time. So it's the gold price, which drives our dividend framework. And then we look at our capacity to pay in terms of a percentage of the free cash flow we're generating based upon that gold price. Nancy, you might want to comment on yields more gold price in Newmont.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy. To build on that, we also recognize that as a long-term business that we'll reinvest from time to time, you'll have periods of greater reinvestment and lower reinvestment over year-on-year or over a period of time. So we take that long-term view into consideration as we look at the spend profile of development capital.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Lawson. Good question. I think technology is clearly part of the lever you have as a mining company to improve productivity and optimally reduce costs. And Rob, you might want to comment. I think we have significantly benefited from having autonomous haulage in place at Boddington, probably less so from the cost pressure at this point in time, a [loss] (ph) and more directly as opposed to the productivity, given what West Australia has seen in terms of the introduction of the virus to that state over the course of the second quarter. But Rob, I think if we had -- still had conventional people operating trucks at Boddington, they would have been quite a significant impact through the second quarter. I think some mining companies who have conventional fleets in Western Australia will have experienced through the second quarter of this year.
Tom Palmer: And Lawson -- thanks, Robert. Lawson, we actually moved -- we have that's a control room that oversees these fleet of autonomous trucks in the latter part of last year, knowing that borders would eventually open up in Western Australia. We actually built a fall back control room. So on the village on the Boddington mine side, we had several rooms set up from within which you could control the mine of Boddington so that if we did end up with a case of some of the key operators testing positive, they could continue to isolate and manage the mine from the comfort of their room in the village. And so we're well positioned to use technology in this particular instance. But I think it will be a key driver in the mining industry when we think about how we can manage some of the cost and inflationary pressures that we're experiencing in certain jurisdictions.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Lawson. And for those waiting in line, we'll stay on the call until with the amount of information we've shared this quarter. We'll stay on the call and work through everyone's question. Lawson, our strategy doesn't change. We are very much focused on running our business and investing back in our business. The best investments you can make here back within the projects that you know very, very well. So that is our main focus, delivering value from that well-managed operations and bringing on and developing our organic project pipeline. But that doesn't mean that our radar isn't turned on. And if an opportunity presented where we could pick up an asset or a portfolio that met Newmont's criteria around size, scale, cost profile and jurisdiction, then we would run the ruler over that. If we felt that we could add more value with that asset or portfolio sitting within our operation. But to be frank, 99% of the people who work at Newmont are focused on delivering value from the portfolio that we are managing today.
Tom Palmer: Just to build a little more on that, Fahad, in my remarks, I talked about 1 of the measures we've got in place to mitigate some of these inflationary pressures are our operational support networks, one of those is in asset management, which is obviously around how we do our maintenance work. And through that asset management program, we are now looking at our maintenance shutdowns across our 12 managed operations around the globe. And looking at how we can smooth out the timing of those shutdowns and when we do the different scopes of work. So as there are particular specialist skills that are rare around the world, we're ensuring that we're able to balance their use across our various operations to ensure that we mitigate that risk of not having that critical resource available to do important maintenance work.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Fahad. So where we're at with the Sulfides project is, we’re past through the 50% engineering mark, and which means that’s pretty -- a project of this size – any mining project that’s a significant amount of engineering completed at this stage of a project. We are dropping out the quantities right as we speak through this quarter as we build towards investment decisions and using those quantities to determine both the definitive schedule and the definitive estimate. The key amount of work that -- or material that's still to come with sulfides, if you recall, we've actually ordered a number of long lead time items. So the autoclave shells themselves, specialized steel involved with that, oxygen plants, key electric mill miners and the like. So we have derisked that project because both about cost and schedule by ordering some of those critical components and managing their lead times. So looking forward, there are 2 key components. It's all the -- what we call the bulks or stick still to build a plant and all the steel involved in fabricating the tanks and pipes that you have around this processing facility. So there's the cost of steel by specialists steel and standard steel for that work and labor. Now in the Peruvian context, we'll direct higher labor is something that we've got a lot of control to be able to manage, and it will be a very much a local workforce. So the risk is in the escalations that the world is seeing around the cost of steel. So in giving an indication in this update of $2.5 billion from the point of full funds approval, we are incorporating an early look into some of the escalation we're seeing in steel for that go-forward number from full fund. So there is some consideration for that Fahad as we're right in the middle of doing our definitive estimate and schedule as we speak.
Tom Palmer: Operator, we'll take the next question. We have Jackie to see where to get that line connected. So let's go to the next caller, and we'll pick Jackie up again.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Rob. And Tanya still an absolutely terrific project. This production shaft, the crusher chamber underneath opens up 1 of the great gold resources in the world. So still incredibly excited about this project as we reached this milestone and have a greater clarity on the cost and schedule to bring it home.
Tom Palmer: No, more than that, Tanya. I think it'd be pushing to get to 200,000, but between 150,000 and 200,000 run as efficiently as it can leading into, as Rob said, that that proximity to the demo is how we're approaching it as opposed to trying to have something that's maybe creating between 200,000 and 250,000 with all of the complexity of trying to produce concentrate and all the bandwidth that gets taken from running a mill for a relatively small part of the value of the operation.
Tom Palmer: We're thinking -- we're looking at about $300 million to $400 million this year, Tanya, on the project, building up to full funds approval. So there's money we're spending on key critical path items that we're procuring. There's money that we're spending on using local contractors to do some of the early earthworks, which is a critically important part of ensuring that there is meaningful work for the communities in and around Cajamarca and Yanacocha. We are building the construction camp, 4,000 beds, and you still saw that in the photo, how advanced that was. My experience in these mega projects is that they often fall behind in the very early days because they don't have the camp accommodation for your workforce. So derisking the project with the construction of that camp this year. And the fourth key area for that spend is the engineering work that we're doing with Bechtel and Hatch that enables us to derisk the project because of the level of engineering that we have that allows us to then be comprehensive with our definitive estimate and our definitive schedule as we move towards full funds. So those are the 4 key areas that, that $300 million to $400 million is being directed to. And just if you picked it up, we actually, as we thought -- as we've looked through our development capital spend, we have adjusted our overall debt cap for this year down to $1.1 billion.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Brian. And I think it's an important area to unpack in terms of how the quarter played out, but I'll pass across to Nancy and I’ve got Senior Officer available, so I’ve got Daniel Horton, who leads our commercial team and does a lot of those sales. But maybe with you Nancy an answer and then Daniel is available, too.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Greg. Good question to ask. Everything we're seeing is that at a commodity level, they have peaked and are flattening out. So as we look forward, we're seeing that $20 an ounce that builds into that increase to our all-in sustaining cost that that's pretty flat. Labor, I'd say, is the difficult one, so that's specialized labor. I think there is -- I think globally, the world's been shifted on its axis in terms of what availability of labor and decisions people are making about things. The -- so there's -- give you by way of example, in the Australian context. There's something like $200 billion to $250 billion of infrastructure projects that are on the slate in Australia, typically in around major cities. Look at that specialized labor, by going to fly and fly out for mine site to work on a shutdown or to work on a project or am I going to go and work on this bridge or this freeway extension, I think you're seeing that play out across the world in different places. So I think still a question mark over labor. We've got $20 an ounce built in. I think we -- as best we can predict the year going forward, it's a pretty good estimate. And in fuel and energy, obviously, you got the global impacts on fuel in particular, diesel price. So some instances, I'd say probably commodity is probably best predicted. There's still some volatility and that's where we're going to be leaning into controlling those things that we can control. So the work we're putting into those, as I've described before, our operational support networks to ensure that we are leaning into our global supply chain that we are ensuring that we've got inventories where they need to be, that we're maintaining those inventories. We have moved more to local or regional supply than trying to navigate a global supply network. So there are a number of things we're doing to mitigate the work we've done with suppliers, leading into the relationship we’ve spent years building to ensure that we have got one supply and two price protection. So focusing on those things that we can control in still a volatile world. So it's probably not the most satisfactory answer, but there are some levels of stability, but still some levels of volatility.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Adam. Certainly, from a Newmont perspective, as we transformed our business 3 years ago, the strategy is to be able to maintain 6 to 6.5 million ounces of gold each and every year and another 1.5 to 2 million gold equivalent ounces from copper, silver, lead and zinc. Although we might have some years, we have some -- as you move to the upper end of that band and other years at the lower end of that band, our strategy is around that consistent delivery of metal over the long term and our focus on reinvesting back in the business is to bring on lower-cost gold ounces and the other metals, but to extend mine life. So when we think about growth, it is much about growth in margins as it is about growth in mine life as opposed to focusing on trying to have growth in ounces. It's margin and mine life. So these projects Tanami, Ahafo North sulfides will bring on lower-cost ounces that will help strengthen our cost base, but they -- more importantly, they extend our mine life and our narrative of being a very reliable, long-life producer of gold at those levels is maintained.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Adam. I mean a very important part of our strategy is, as I talked about, it's scale, its cost base, it's mine life and the other key component is where we choose to operate matters. So we pay a lot of time and attention in terms of understanding the jurisdictions that we're in, maintaining and developing relationships with the jurisdictions that we're in, we’ve been in all those jurisdictions for a very long period of time. And if we were to choose to go into a new jurisdiction, we will spend a lot of time and attention on that to ensure that we could operate in those locations for the long term. So every location that we're operating in, we're very comfortable with the relationships that we have and the relationship we can maintain to support our business going forward. And we believe it is a differentiator for Newmont in the gold industry today, our very clear focus on where we choose to operate matters.
Tom Palmer: Exactly, John, and I think the strength of our company over the last several years has been a result of the capital investments that we made over the previous 5 years through the cycle. I mean we're investing in Merian at Suriname at the bottom of the cycle back in 2014, '15. So it's taking a long-term view, working through the cycle, ensuring you've always got a robust base and reinvestment in the business so that you can be strong for a very long period of time.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for your questions today and for taking the time to sit through our summary of the second quarter, a discussion on where we sit for the remainder part of this year, and please enjoy the rest of your week. Thank you, everyone.
Rob Atkinson: Without a doubt, Tom, and the unpredictability of the virus not knowing who's going to turn up each day would have really impacted to have 36 trucks guaranteed running day in, day out has really delivered [Indiscernible] certainty but continued productivity. So it's been a good news to us.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. I'll just give 1 example, Fahad, at the last Bollington shut, we were 260 contracts to shore and literally, we had some companies defaulting on entire packages of work. So that really means that we -- we're spending a lot more time with our contractors and our business partners to make sure that we're aligned with those ones, not only for the short term, but also for the long term and continuing to deepen those relationships. And I think just going back to what Tom said about our own employees is that the value proposition that Newmont offers with the safety aspect or environmental credentials as well as the leadership and the working conditions, that is very, very attractive to many people, both inside our company and outside. So it really is around our contracting partners where we're spending most time and most work to deepen those relationships.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. Thanks, Tanya. And I'll just build off a couple of things that Tom said. In general terms, aside from being at the moment in time where we can really get the specific quantities of what's going to take to line that shaft, the way in which I'd look at the increase is at -- about 60% of that is also due to COVID is -- some of the key factors in that is that half of our project team was based in WA, so actually getting them there. We had that 2 weeks where we had a COVID case at Tanami, where we had to shut down the whole operation, which ended up delaying the project by at least 6 weeks. And then with the absenteeism, labor shortages and logistics as well, that has also caused a significant delay as well as the cost. And I think the final point just to really echo what Tom said is that at the early part of the project, we obviously have engineering that we assume. But it's only now that we've actually done the work you can actually see the geology, the overbreak, the actual specifics. And those engineering amounts or the engineering maturity have changed quite markedly. So whilst to say about 60% of the capital increase is due to COVID, about 25% is really due to the engineering maturity amongst other things. But the last thing I'd certainly see, Tanya, is that, hopefully, you can see in the picture, there is significant work that has been accomplished. It's been done safely during a COVID pandemic. We're very, very proud of what we've achieved. But as Tom said, this is a point in time we're able to assess what have the last 18 months really meant to that project and this is the outcome.
Rob Atkinson: Yes, I'll kick off with Pamour, Tanya, is that certainly good work is progressing there at the moment, that as you may remember, a large part of the more project is really about dewatering the current pit. So we're well on track for having all the dewatering installed and mechanically complete by the end of this year. So we actually take it forward to the investment committee in the latter part of this year for the actual layback. And we'll be able to provide the assumptions and the estimate there post that. But the good thing about Pamour is it's certainly progressing well. And certainly, in Cerro Negro, there's a lot of work going on there at the moment. We've got 3 portals, which we're working on and have established. So that's growing great guidance. I mentioned about the first blast as well. So we are working along there quite nicely and certainly, again, from the end of the year, we'll provide updates, but it's really going to be more about progress and perhaps an update in terms of development. We're still looking at $300 million development CapEx for Cerro Negro in total. But again, the key thing I just want to make across is the very good progress that we're making at Cerro Negro, in particular around productivities.
Rob Atkinson: I think that's the key. For me, Tanya, it’s about how do we strip as much cost out of that operation, in particular, the operating support networks, how do we leverage off that, the proximity to Denver and obviously, the technology that we're working on with Caterpillar. But the key to this is the simple mining, leaching operation and which we are really expecting to give us significantly longer life -- a long-life asset that's an important part of the Newmont portfolio.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. Thanks, Anita. Yes, as inevitably, these projects are impacted and affected by experiences over the last couple of years and that timing is pushing out, we'll start to see those ounces come on in '25 rather than '24. So if you look beyond '23 to '24, you're going to see a relatively flat production profile year-on-year as those ounces then kick in in '25 and into '26 and then you've got Yanacocha Sulfides coming beyond that. So 2024 looking pretty consistent through 6 GOs, it's going to be the 7, 7.5 million ounces gold and around about the 6%. And that's really what we're aiming to do is to be a steady producer of gold at or around the 6 to 6.5 million ounces of gold, 7.5 million to 8 million ounces of gold equivalents, all up and '24 being pretty stable, '25 will start to kick up from Tanami, 2.5 and on.
Rob Atkinson: I think the only other thing I'd add, Bob, is that in Ghana, this type of development is critical for economically sustaining the area, the providing jobs and training as well as the other benefits that come to community. So certainly, the vast majority of people absolutely see that, absolutely want it. But the key thing for us is just making sure we've got that full alignment for this last part of gaining access before we actually turn the first saw on the ground. But the support for the economic development is very, very strong in Ghana as well.
Daniel Horton: Yes, that's right. And Brian, maybe the only thing else I'd add is the average price in June was around $18.30 per ounce. So it was significantly lower than what you thought for the average for the quarter. And then the other point I'd make too is where gold price is trending right now. Obviously, we could expect another similar adjustment if prices continue to decline in the third quarter.
Daniel Horton: Yes, Brian. The majority of our gold production comes in the form of dore and that really settles in the near term. So that's not where we're seeing the biggest impact, slight impact to the Peñasquito and Boddington. The new schedule on the concentrate shipments are about 3 to 6 months on settlements. And so they are a longer time frame and Boddington is more on that 3-month time frame. So that's, call it, 20% to 30% of our total production of a concentrate does have a pretty significant impact on the realized price when prices are dropping like we've seen in the recent months.
Daniel Horton: Yes, definitely. Thanks, Michael, for the question. I think the strategy we use in terms of our customers is long-term in nature. And so while we may see periodic disruptions in our smelting and the smelting costs, the relationships are very strong and very long term. Many of these partners have been with us for decades at our different sites. So not seeing anything that we would flag at this point, and our concentrates, especially for Penasquito are pretty unique material that the smelters are in high demand for. So nothing notable at this point.
