Laurie Brlas: Thanks, Gary, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. It was a strong quarter and year for Newmont, as our focus on cost and efficiency improvements continues to pay off. Let's turn to Slide 13 to review recent financial highlights. We worked hard to drive down cost in 2014, and the results speak for themselves. Fourth-quarter gold cost applicable to sales per ounce was down 18% from a year ago, and gold all-in sustaining cost per ounce was down nearly 11% from the year-ago quarter. The global cost reductions we achieved in 2014 helped us to expand free cash flow generation, despite a 10% drop in the gold price year over year. Turning to Slide 14, we delivered $218 million in consolidated free cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2014, and generated a 46% improvement in cash from continuing operations compared to the year-ago quarter, despite the 10% drop in gold price. We reported adjusted net income of $86 million in the most recent quarter, or $0.17 per share, compared to $143 million, or $0.28 per share last year. We added adjusted EBITDA to our release this quarter, and are including it in our performance metrics going forward. I am pleased to report that adjusted EBITDA was up 26% from the prior-year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA benefited from lower cost applicable to sales, lower exploration and advanced projects expense, and lower stockpile adjustments compared to Q4 of 2013. We continue to fund dividends from free cash flow, and earlier this week our Board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.025 per share, in line with our gold price linked dividend. Turning to Slide 15, let's walk through Q4 net income adjustments. The primary adjustments to our GAAP net income include a $23-million gain net of tax related to the sale of La Herradura; a $10-million reclamation settlement; a $14-million impairment, primarily on our marketable securities; and a $43-million tax valuation allowance, of which $32 million was related to asset sales. Adjusted net income also excludes a $24-million loss from discontinued operations. This is a non-cash, marked-to-market adjustment to a royalty obligation. After reconciling for these items, we reported adjusted net income of $86 million, or $0.17 per share, for the most recent quarter. Now turning to Slide 16. In 2014, we strengthened our balance sheet with increased cash from operations, and almost $800 million in net proceeds from the sale of non-core assets. At the end of the fourth quarter, our investment-grade balance sheet had approximately $2.4 billion in cash and equivalents, a $3-billion revolver that is essentially undrawn, and $250 million in marketable securities. That's total liquidity of nearly $6 billion that Newmont can mobilize to invest in our projects, repay debt, or return cash to our shareholders. Slide 17 illustrates our scheduled debt maturities and potential pre-payments. As you can see, we do not have any significant debt due until 2019, and have maintained an investment-grade rating and metrics. Our revolver has just one financial covenant, maximum net debt to book capital of 62.5%. We stood at 24.7% as of December 31. Our net debt at year end was approximately $4 billion. We continue to analyze potential opportunities to pay our liabilities in advance, as we did last quarter when we made a $100-million payment on our term loan. The term loan has no pre-payment penalty, and allows us to pre-pay near-term maturities first, so it's a preferred way to de-lever the balance sheet. We plan to potentially repay $750 million in 2015. That would include our PTNNT project debt, as well as additional payments toward our 2019 term loan. Certainly any pre-payment of debt would be analyzed in the context of the Company's cash position, operating performance, and business environment. However, even assuming lower gold prices, we have adequate financial flexibility to repay more than the $166 million of scheduled 2015 debt payments. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Gary.
Laurie Brlas: The additional reserves we just added are not part of the original economics that we've provided, so that's up side which we indicated we expected, but now it's materialized.
Laurie Brlas: There might be a little, but it shouldn't be much. We wouldn't be building stockpiles or anything like that. At that point in time, we could change the way that we're processing.
Gary Goldberg: Yes, we have the extension of our export permit, which comes due the middle of next month, and those are 6-month export permits. That's the first item that we're looking to get as that extended. The second thing, we agreed last year in September to a memorandum of understanding essentially to 6 elements of our contractor work that we would agree to change. Some of those have actually gone into effect, some changes in royalty rates and duties. The rest are - there's changes to the size of the contractor work, those sorts of things. In with that is how we would participate in a smelter. Our position has continued to be that we would support smelter development from the standpoint of providing concentrate to that smelter and looking at that being done on terms that are international economic terms. I'm encouraged by where we are at today in those discussions, and look forward to working with this new administration to come to a clear solution going forward that fits for us and for the country.
Gary Goldberg: We've had discussions clearly with Freeport and with other parties about building a smelter and participating in that.
Gary Goldberg: No, what we have, John, is the grades at Ahafo start to drop off, and in this plan we've not included any economics from an Ahafo Mill expansion. What you see is the grade coming down and strip ratio going up in Ghana - or in Ahafo by the end of 2017. The Ahafo Mill expansion would be one of our options to help offset that.
Gary Goldberg: No, Subika is still on the list. In fact, as you see it, we've got right now - and it's been a bit of a competition between the mill expansion and the Subika underground as to which one is in a position to be considered to be brought forward first. It still is on our development pipeline, and it does add to grade. Of course, it's at a bit higher cost, being underground, but it's still a viable project alternative for us. That one would be probably later into 2015, early 2016 for consideration.
Gary Goldberg: We use - actually, we test all of our projects against a variety of different price assumptions, but clearly take current spot, look out flat without any increase, and then we look at cases both above and below that. In terms of rates of return, we're looking to exceed our cost of capital, plus cover any sort of risk premium that we put on in the different regions. For instance, the project at Merian, we have a project there that we see - especially with some of the additional reserves that have now been added in, a project that has returns that are in the mid-teens at current prices.
Gary Goldberg: I think - and this is in particular at Merian, we're looking at least at this stage to extend the mine life. What it really does, because we found half of that was saprolite. It extends that period before you have to make investments in additional power and grinding capacity to be able to process the ore. It actually extends that. What we've been looking at is a 5- to 6-year period. It extends that period.
Gary Goldberg: Not today. I have to wait until we get to a better position. But I think we've classified this whole area as a new district for us that has good potential up side, and we're exploring in that region.
Gary Goldberg: We're going through a project that we call project integral to look at our different options to both extend some of the oxide deposits, either through some of the open-pit opportunities there, as well as the potential to go underground. The sulfide deposits, we get into both gold and gold copper, and we're looking at all those alternatives. We'll keep people briefed as we go through that process. We've got a timetable that puts us really through most of this year, looking with our partners, Buenaventura, at a variety of different options.
Gary Goldberg: Okay. Where we currently are at, we're paying a 7.5% export duty, and that is scheduled to decline to 5% and then to 0% based on progress that's assessed with the Ministry of Mines towards the development of a smelter. At this stage we're working through that process. I understand where Freeport ended up as a data point. I believe they're paying 7.5% in their current extension, so I would expect that could be where we end up, and then see where we end up 6 months from there. It's kind of a staged approach, but that's where we're currently at, Adam.
Gary Goldberg: Yes, I think what we'll do there, and that project's coming up for review here within the next couple of months, as we get to the point where we would approve it we'll provide more details on production and cost and returns of that project. But I've been very pleased with the exploration success at both Tanami and the neighboring deposit there, Federation.
Gary Goldberg: Yes, we're looking - that's probably going to be out in the 2022, 2023 time frame. We'll provide more detail as we get a little bit closer to that. I wouldn't see - the grade stays actually fairly consistent as we go through that, so it's really the ore hardness. You'd have the increased power and grinding costs that would go with that, so your milling processing costs would tend to go up 30% to 40% at that stage.
Gary Goldberg: Yes, just on the processing cost. I think if you carry that back to our all-in sustaining costs that we're looking at something closer to about a 15% increase that would occur at that time. That's why finding more saprolite ore and pushing that time out is always a good thing.
Gary Goldberg: Thank you. In regards to tailings, we don't have any permit extensions or changes going on there. We're continuing to work under existing permit. Nothing to flag on that. In terms of labor agreements, both in Ghana and in Indonesia we have labor negotiations going on. Basically, we're working with the representatives in both of those groups to lay out the facts, here's the economics, and work towards a reasonable agreement for all parties. So nothing to report in terms of progress or in terms of issues at either one of those locations.
Gary Goldberg: I mentioned when I went through one of the areas where we've been getting some improvements, we've gone back really on almost all of our contracts now through all the regions and seen significant reductions in what those costs are. Cyanide also depends on some of the input costs there, but we have seen some reductions.
Gary Goldberg: I'm going to have to take a look. I don't know off the top of my head what the details are on that and get back to you, Tanya.
Gary Goldberg: Thanks, Misha. We're going through the permitting process now. That's basically the last item for review before we get approval to move forward. We're I think making good progress working with the BLM and the folks in the region there, so we'd expect that here any time. As we pointed out, here this quarter. Assuming it occurs this quarter, that keeps us on schedule for 2017. Once we do get that approval, we'll provide more details around that project from the standpoint of capital and returns, but it clearly is a project that we see as a good next step for growth in Nevada, and really a new district in Nevada.
Gary Goldberg: No. It would - assuming we get this approval here in the next month or so, we would see construction completed and production started in 2017.
Gary Goldberg: I think just whether - it gets more to the processing options in terms of how you'd process and manage the enargite-type ores are another thing. You look into potential processing and how you might handle some of the concentrates - either concentrate leech, some sort of process like that, and how you might do that.
Gary Goldberg: They've got to earn their keep. There's no one that is going to run at a cash flow loss. We used $2.50 copper price when we did our budgets for the next 3 years. We built that sort of thinking in when we did the numbers. I don't see any concerns at all at Batu Hijau at current market prices. At Phoenix and at Boddington, we continue to work to reduce our costs and make sure we're profitable on both the copper and the gold side. They are a combined set of operations. You can't separate the two, as you know. We're looking to make sure they deliver good value throughout the cycle on metal prices.
Gary Goldberg: Great. Operator, I'll go ahead and just close things out here. Thank you everyone for joining today. I really look forward to continuing to share how we're executing our strategy to improve our underlying business, to strengthen our portfolio, and to continue to create shareholder value. Thanks again everyone for your time today, and look forward to catching up. Thanks.
Tanya Jakusconek: Then Gary, what sort of labor inflation are you seeing in your assets around the world, like maybe what are you seeing in South America? What are you seeing in Africa and Australia? Gary Goldberg, Newmont Mining Corporation - President & CEO 52 It varies, but we've seen clearly a cooling off in Australia, from what had been historically some double-digit rates down more to the lower range, like 3% to 4%, which is probably similar to what we see in most of the other regions around the world.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay, all right. That's good to see, because that was as you know as high as 7%, 8% weighted average not too long ago.
Tanya Jakusconek: Would you be able to give us an idea of what range, because that one had always been a very sticky one, because I think there's just very few suppliers.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay, perfect. We understand on the exploration side the exploration costs, the development costs, and all that. Those are easier to see and we have an idea. Cyanide is always one that seems to be very sticky, with only I think a handful - less than handful of producers.
