Lindsay Hall: Thanks, George. As demonstrated with our record quarterly gold sales, the growth and the contributions of our recent Los Filos gold mine helped onset the downward pressures the industry is experiencing in the current commodity price environment. At an average realized gold price of $1,114 per ounce on gold sales of some 942,000 ounces, the Company generated adjusted revenues of $1.3 billion and adjusted operating cash flow of $374 million for the quarter. Byproduct and co-product cash costs for the third quarter were $597 and $670 per ounce respectively, compared to $547 and $656 per ounce in the prior quarter. The increase in cash costs is due primarily to the impact of the inventory write-downs of the lost heat leach value. All-in sustaining costs for the third quarter were $848 per ounce, compared to $846 per ounce in the prior quarter. As Chuck has mentioned, it would have been $46 an ounce lower without stockpile inventory write downs. We reported a net loss in the quarter of $192 million or $0.23 per share. Excluding the usual impact of unrealized losses from the foreign exchange translation of deferred income taxes, adjusted net loss totaled $37 million or $0.04 per share in the third quarter of 2015, compared to an adjusted earnings of $65 million or $0.08 per share in the previous quarter. Both reported and adjusted net loss were impacted by lower realized metal prices during the quarter and a $40 million or $0.05 per share reduction in the inventory carrying values primarily at Los Filos. We also experienced higher depreciation quarter over quarter due to a change in the mix of our production, with more production coming from our newer and higher DD&A per ounce mines, like Penasquito, Cerro Negro and Eleonore. Additional assets were placed in service that were not forecasted and the $19 million related to the non-cash portion of the inventory write-downs. The Company generated adjusted operating cash flows $374 or $0.45 per share which is before the positive change in non-cash operating working capital of $132 million. Given these operating results and capital expenditures on a cash basis of $263 million for the quarter, the Company generated positive free cash flow of $243 million in the third quarter. Turning to provisional pricing, we had a negative $15 million provisional pricing impact at Penasquito and a negative $1 million impact at Alumbrera. The provisional sales at September 30, 2015 at Penasquito include 155,270 ounces of gold priced at $1,114 per ounce, 4.2 million ounces of silver at $14.65 per ounce, 68 million pounds of zinc price at $0.75 per pound and 28 million pounds of lead, priced at $0.75 pound. While at Alumbrera, we have 18,567 ounces of gold, priced at $1,115 per ounce and 14 million pounds of copper priced at $2.35 per pound. Regarding depreciation and depletion or DD&A per ounce, we expect it to increase to $450 per ounce for the year, from the previous guidance of $425 per ounce, due primarily to the impact of the mix of our production with more production coming from our newer and higher DD&A per ounce sites like Penasquito and additional assets such as the Overland waste rock conveyor at Penasquito placed in service earlier than anticipated. Goldcorp's DD&A per ounce is higher than most of our peers, primarily a result of the fact that we have newer, younger mines like Penasquito, Cerro Negro and Eleonore. The costs associated with acquiring or building these assets are amortized over the existing reserve base, to determine a DD&A per ounce. With these younger new mines, the DD&A per ounce will start out high and as exploration success converts more ounces to reserves which increases the denominator that these costs are amortized over, the DD&A per ounce is expected to decrease. So, while the depreciation expense in the early years will have a negative effect on a reported earnings, it doesn't dilute the abilities of these new mines to generate free cash flows. We're pleased to have generated positive free cash flow after dividend of $168 million in the third quarter. As planned, we fully repaid our revolving credit facility balance. This, in combination with our positive cash balance leaves us with $3.3 billion of liquidity at September 30 and in a strong financial position with one of the best balance sheets in the business. With our focus on mining safe profitable ounces, our efforts to reduce costs through our O4E and invest sustaining capital into our existing mines where it makes sense to do so, given the current commodity environment, we will continue. We manage the business for the long term and with our financial strength, we can make prudent investment choices for today and for the future, when commodity prices rebound. With that, operator, I will turn it back over to you for questions.
Lindsay Hall: I will take the first part of the DD&A, again we're getting our budgets together for 2016. I don't expect that to be higher. It will be lower because I don't anticipate impairments of stockpiles which is costing $10 or so an ounce. Also, we feel pretty good about replacement of reserves that will affect the denominator which should drive that number down. Generally speaking, it should be lower, but we're still working on that.
Lindsay Hall: Patrick, we're always trying to reduce our working capital, but we've had two great quarters and we see it continuing for a while. At the end, it's timing of cash flows and a couple of things, the timing of say when you pay the taxes or you get refunds. In our case too, to a large extent is, did the ship leave the warehouse on time and am I going to get paid for it? That's the concentrate out of Penasquito. Some of those things, predominantly those two things, will always impact working capital and we always focus on reducing that amount, but I can't always guarantee that it will be positive, but it's been strong for the last two or three quarters and we see that continuing. But again, sometime in 2016 you'll have a negative working capital as those cash flows don't come in on a quarterly basis as anticipated or change over the quarterly basis. That's what working capital is supposed to do. We focus on it.
Lindsay Hall: $257 million is a reasonable amount to run the business on. I don't think it would be -- going to the revolver in order to counteract I think that you're surmising as $300 million of cash isn't enough to run the Company. That wouldn't be the case. It's a luxury to have the revolver there undrawn and we don't anticipate using in the fourth quarter, if that's what you're asking.
Lindsay Hall: Andrew, it's Lindsay. I think it's priced around, more closer to $1100, so anything north of $1100 will start generating margin of those ounces as they come out of the leach path.
Lindsay Hall: No. We're expecting processing rates to continue and you're right. Cerro Negro has had a great three quarters. It has a good likelihood of pushing through the top end of the guidance. I'd tell you the only risk would be a union stoppage, but I think that's a very remote risk.
Chuck Jeannes: Andrew, we're in the midst of our budgeting process right now and it would be premature to give you any specific guidance. In the past, we've talked generally about $1 billion a year. Not just for sustaining, but for those other expansionary capital things that we spend money on, such as advancing the permitting at places like El Morro and the engineering work at Camino Rojo. Things like that. If you were thinking in terms of around $1 billion overall, that would probably make sense. But of course in a lower gold price environment, we look to find ways to bring those numbers down and that's what the budgeting process is all about right now and what we're going through. So we'll have those numbers for you early in the new year.
Chuck Jeannes: There is really two parts to the deposit we're focused on. At the tram level, where we had the first access per drilling, that's where the orientation is a bit different. Our original scoping was long hold mining method. That's still intact. So from a cost perspective and profitability, we have the same expectations. The upper area which was the target for the acquisition to begin with, that's the heart of the deposit, we're getting great drilling results there and our focus next year, we'll be able to touch that part of the lower body and again be able to advance our earnings and planning around that development work. Overall, I would tell you our expectations haven't changed. It's just the timing.
Chuck Jeannes: As they come out with our guidance for the year and our production plans, we'll be giving everybody an update on Cochenour.
Chuck Jeannes: As far as how we manage increasing cash flow in a rising gold price environment, the one thing I can tell you that we're absolutely certain of is that we're not going to make the same mistakes that the industry made in the past cycle, where we lowered cutoff grades and chased top line growth at the detriment of margin growth and instead just allowed the cost to go up concurrent with goal price. That's not what our investors are looking for. They've made that very clear. Certainly, I've been around long enough to understand that. And so when we see the gold price move, we're going to be holding the line and focusing on increasing cash flow, rather than increasing revenues. And so how we spend that, it's always a combination. Certainly, there will be more exploration as our portfolio continues to be enhanced. We'll have more exploration to spend. We have organic projects already in the pipeline that we're very excited about, that we're working on. Things like HG Young at Red Lake, the metallurgical enhancement project down at Penasquito. We've got Camino Rojo, we've got El Morro, so we've got some great organic projects that we will continue to advance and the more cash flow we have, the more that we can bring those along.
Chuck Jeannes: If I can add it's not just something that's material to even the Red Lake camp, let alone the overall production profile, because we only had a few thousand ounces in the plan for 2016, anyway. And now George and the guys are going to be focused very hard on getting that mine development done right, based on the different configuration that we've seen. We would certainly expect to see the production ramping up in late next year and into 2017. Remember, it's all about profitable ounces and that's what we're focused on. And while ounces are shorthand for performance in our business, we're trying to change that, frankly, in the way we talk internally about cash flow. And our cash flow will and is continuing to improve.
Chuck Jeannes: I can just tell you that we're a month into the fourth quarter and we know what our business is doing and we wouldn't have paid down the revolver if we thought that we would have to dip back into it in the fourth quarter. We're pretty comfortable with where we're.
Chuck Jeannes: Remember Patrick, it's about a 2 million ounce resource and will have an initial reserve there, but you need to give us some time to chew through that and get the definition drilling done. Don't expect the entire resource to convert in the first year.
Chuck Jeannes: David, if I can just add from an non-technical perspective, as we got in and saw this different orientation then we had interpreted, it just didn't make sense to continue with the development work and put all these headings in and then find they're in the wrong place and have to redo them. We want to get the first production from Cochenour. It's important, but it's not so critical that we were going to risk all that development and then find that we had to do it differently. So we step back. We stop. We put some more drill stations in, coming in at different angles, so that we can understand it better and trying to be fairly conservative in what we're telling you because of that we backed off on giving you a date certain for first ounces or a number of ounces. And as we complete the budgeting and we're doing all this work and we talked to you at the beginning of next year with our expectations for 2016, we'll have more information for you there.
Chuck Jeannes: If I can just add Andrew, we did have a four day stoppage and guidance is an art as much as anything else and one of the things we've thought about and talked about there was, we're still in the midst of negotiations, so let's just leave it where it is and we'll hopefully make it through the quarter and have a good quarter.
Chuck Jeannes: Like any labor negotiation, it's a private discussion and we're not going to get into the details of those discussions.
Chuck Jeannes: Tanya, we don't have the breakdown of the resource here. Because there was much more drilling in the upper part, that's where the bulk of that 3.4X million ounce resource is today.
Chuck Jeannes: While George looks that up as far as the numbers, I think he highlighted or he didn't, I highlighted that Eleonore also, we expect to more than replace reserves. Much like we did last year. We continue to have good success drilling that deposit as we get deeper. He's looking up now what the $100 an ounce meant last year. Remember, that was based on last year's reserve. Now we're recalculating them down at the $1,200 level.
Chuck Jeannes: Thank you, everyone. Appreciate you joining us on the call today. I know you have a lot to do with a lot of companies reporting. To summarize, I would say that as planned, we've got increasing production, lower costs and a sound balance sheet and certainly delivering that strong free cash flow well in excess of our dividends. We remain on track to continue those trends in the fourth quarter and into next year, even in the current gold price environment. We look forward to a strong finish to the year and updating you on our progress in the New Year. Thank you.
George Burns: This is George. We're expecting to see further ramp up of Mariana Central and that's where the higher grade ore is at Cerro Negro. Right now, we're processing low grade stockpiles. Those are depleting and expected to be depleted around the beginning of the year and at the same time, we continue to see the underground mines ramp up. Mariana Central, as it continues to ramp up, those grades will increase.
George Burns: I will take that, John. We were all very focused on that and it was quite dangerous, because it was headed right toward Manzanillo where we have our concentrate warehouse and loading facilities. Fortunately, the hurricane turned at the last moment and missed Manzanillo and we had some very slight damage there and nothing that impacted our concentrate loading or any of the boats. There was actually a ship in Port at the time, being loaded. And then as the storm went through the rest of Mexico, yes, we got some more rain at Penasquito, but nothing that impacted us and it essentially missed Filos and El Sauzal.
George Burns: As I stated, we're looking to continue to ramp up both underground mines. Eureka, we're headed to the 1800 ton a day sort of rate. Mariana Central is approaching 1,000 tons a day today and we're headed towards 1,500 ton a day. So we're expecting both of these mines to ramp up. Eureka is a pretty mature mine. Mariana Central is moving in that direction. We have some minor challenges with voids at Mariana Central that has impacted that ramp up, but we're getting through that. We're basically [indiscernible] the holes with plastic pipe, in order to be able to control the blasting. So we're pretty confident you're going to see those two ramp up. Then, longer-term it's about bringing the next mine into production. We be looking at Mariana Norte where that mine is already restarted as well as the exploration success we're seeing around the Mariana Central complex and all of that is in flux with our good exploration results and our planning for next year. So short-term, you're going to see both of these underground mines ramp up a bit and longer term, it's bringing new production into play.
George Burns: It's early days right now with Cochenour. Unfortunately, the lower part of the mine is going to ramp up a bit slower than we expected. As I stated, we're focus now on touching the heart of the deposit, the reason for the acquisition, next year and so trying to predict how quickly that will ramp up will be dependent upon that development, what we see. What I'd described you now, the ramp-up over the next couple of years has slowed down a bit but I think the endpoint is the same.
George Burns: We were looking for Cochenour to come on as Campbell ramped off. Obviously with a bit of a slower start, we'll be looking to keep their production as high as we can with the Red Lake Campbell complex. We're not going to see the ramp up next year. We had hoped just due to the delay, but I wouldn't be concerned next year's productions going to fall.
George Burns: That's correct. We're wrapping up all our drilling programs and in the engineering phase, but we remain confident we're going to have a good year and replace reserves.
George Burns: We're expecting a likelihood we will lower gold price and we're factoring that into our confidence we will replace reserves.
George Burns: We're expecting reserves. The details of that will come out early in the new year, but I'm confident we will have reserves there.
George Burns: It's predominantly the strike. Geologic interpretation and strike of the mineralized zone is what's changed. As a result of that, we're doing more advanced expiration and development work to support a clear understanding, so we get the development right.
George Burns: Not really, it's the orientation of the mineralized zone. We had essentially drill intercepts and we interpreted the azimuth in connection with those various mineralized zones that were at economic rates. As we got into do the development, we're finding it's a bit more complex and the orientation is different than the geologists had projected, so we're making those adjustments and then confirming them with additional drilling and development.
George Burns: We assume there would be multiple stacked mineralization zones and I guess the way I would describe, some of that is true, in other areas we're seeing wider and different orientation then was projected. It's probably a mix of both. Again, in the end, down in this bottom area, we're still confident we've got economic zones and we're a bit delayed in getting those initial stopes, but they will come. I would probably turn you more to the upper area, where the bulk of the ounces are, the higher grades are and frankly, the larger profit for this deposit is going to come. And as we've advanced development of this mine, that's our biggest focus for next year, as we're drilling on that now and our development will be focused on touching that part of the ore body and again understanding it well enough we get the infrastructure in the right place.
George Burns: The key is getting the ramp in the right place and from the ramp goes the sill development. We've got to get this orientation right so that we get the ramp ideally situated to minimize lateral development and that's a key to keeping the costs down and the profitability up.
George Burns: There is the connection between a shaft and the tram, that's now complete. So we have that in place. That was a key to ventilation, secondary egress. Then there's additional ramping required to set up production stoping and level development. The advanced exploration we're doing today is in order to get the ramping and ore passes and waste passes in the right location, given the orientation. So in the lower part that we have now touched and we did some preliminary sill development, that's what we're doing the advanced exploration so that we get all of the future ramp development and sill development in the right place. In the upper area or the heart of the deposit, we haven't touched the ore body there, we haven't done lateral and ramp development of the main infrastructure between the shaft and the tram. So again, we're drilling today and we'll do the initial touching of that ore body next year and from there, as the information increases, be able to get that ramp and sill development in the right place.
George Burns: The design of Cochenour, the shift was really put in place to give ventilation and secondary egress. We don't have plans to hoist material. All ore from Cochenour will be dropped down through ore passes to the tram level, brought across by rail on the tram over to the Red Lake complex and hoisted with existing shift. So the Cochenour shaft is really about ventilation and helped in the development connecting the tram and the shaft, but again, it's not going to be for material movement.
George Burns: The bulk of the drilling to date had been from surface and we've got a high grade nice zone that we've been chasing to depth. And so right now, we're doing development from the 14 level that has set us up to be able to drill at the 14 level from underground drilling. As we get that drilling completed and as part of our budget process, we're working on accessing and touching the HG Young. The likely place will be at the 14 level. That's where we're closest to this new discovery. But we're assessing other alternatives over the long haul. Ramp from surface, development from 7 level and ultimately how we develop HG Young will be dependent on the continued exploration success. Right now, I tell you 14 level is the likely place we first touch to start confirming in the ground what we're seeing in the drill bit.
George Burns: The first thing I'd point you to, it was a tough quarter, but that write-down played a big impact. It was about $400 an ounce on the costs, you're seeing all-in sustaining costs. That's a one-time hit that's a result of lower metal prices in the earlier write-down. In terms of our focus and we're focused very hard on getting the costs down at Los Filos and there's impacts there just cost focus. The other is inventory reductions. We've seen good progress the first couple of quarters, in the third quarter it wasn't as good as the first two quarters, partially due to the normal wet season at Filos this time of year. And the other thing I'd point you to is, we're focused on injection drilling, in order to get cyanide into some areas of the pad that we've seen through geophysical work are dry. So we expect to get recovery out of those zones and again, pull down the inventory and drive our own sustaining costs down.
George Burns: We essentially, prior quarter, had written it down to current metal prices. Essentially those ounces were written to break even at the metal price in the second quarter. As the price dropped, that forced another write-down. Essentially, if the metal price goes up, then yes, we've got margin again.
George Burns: They were a bit higher this quarter, I wouldn't say that level will continue, probably somewhere between September quarter end and the first couple of quarters.
George Burns: So that we're well underway with that de-stress lot. We've got more than half of it pulled and the rest of it set up, so we're pretty good shape to complete that in the fourth quarter.
George Burns: The bottom zone, essentially were projections with some drill results from the top zone. The reason why we went after Gold Eagle deposit, I would just tell you the vast majority is in the upper zone, it was and remains so. The only reason we developed the lower area which is not the heart of this deposit, was simply that was the first place we had access to drill.
George Burns: Sure. Just remember it's an inferred resource. That's why we're doing the drilling now to fill that all in.
George Burns: Those are the big movers. On the issue of lower metal price. We're favorably sitting in jurisdictions where FX rate is offsetting. If you assume a $100 drop in gold price, there is really no impact on us overall, due to the exchange rate in Mexico and Canada predominantly.
