Tom Palmer: Thanks Jess. Good morning and thank you all for joining our call. Newmont continues to manage through the COVID pandemic from a position of strength and our diverse balance portfolio of world-class assets provide stable production with significantly reach to rising gold prices. Turning to slide four, for a look at our second quarter highlights. Our resilient operating model supported the delivery of solid quarterly despite the ongoing impacts of the COVID pandemic on our business. We slightly resumed operations at Cerro Negro, Yanacocha, Éléonore, Peñasquito and Musselwhite. The five sites placed in the care and maintenance earlier this year. In the second quarter, we produced 1.3 million ounces of gold at all-in sustaining costs of $1,097 per ounce.  We generated operating cash flow of $668 million and free cash flow of $388 million. And we continue to safely advanced project work at Tanami Expansion 2, Subika Underground and Musselwhite. Our investment-grade balance sheet combined with liquidity of $6.7 billion provides us with significant financial strength and flexibility. We ended the quarter with $3.8 billion of cash and have lowered our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to 0.6 times. We declared a second quarter dividend of $0.25 per share, which remains the highest yielding dividend among senior gold producers. It is also worth noting that over last 18 months Newmont has returned more than $2 billion to shareholders, demonstrating our track record of industry-leading returns. At Newmont, we have a fundamental belief that strong environmental, social and governance performance is not only the right thing to do, it is also an indicator of a well-managed business that deliver sustainable long-term value for shareholders and other stakeholders. In June, we published our 16th Annual Sustainability Report, which details Newmont's strategy, approach, target and performance related to material ESG issues ranging from climate, water, tilings, value sharing and human rights through the corporate governance, tax strategy, ethics and compliance. The report transparently covers what we've done well where we have lessons and how we plan to improve. And I encourage you to take some time to read more about our efforts in this space by visiting the sustainability section of our website at newmont.com. Turning to slide five. Combined with our proven and resilient operating model, Newmont's deep bench of experience leaders and mature systems remained a competitive advantage in these unprecedented times. We will continue to maintain our wide range in COVID protocols at all sites, ensuring that we keep the health, safety and well-being of that people and communities above all else.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy. Concluding on slide 23. Newmont's superior operating model combined with our incredibly talented and dedicated workforce, a key to maintaining our position as the world's leading gold company. Most businesses across the globe have faced unprecedented challenges this year. I am very proud of how we have responded and the Newmont is able to provide our stakeholders with a solid foundation in the midst of uncertainty. We have the industry's best portfolio, with world-class assets in top tier jurisdictions, largest gold reserve base of 96 million ounces, significant exposure to other metals, all of which positions Newmont to reliably produce more than 6 million ounces of gold every year for at least the next decade. And we will continue to apply Newmont's discipline we preserve to deliver cost and productivity improvements to expand margins. I'm very excited about what the future holds at Newmont, beginning with a strong second half of 2020. Thank you for your continued support. And please keep safe and well as we continue to navigate through this pandemic. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Greg, no. What we're looking at all those key projects that are in late stage definitive feasibility studies. So it's a half a north and Yanacocha sulphides. So they're both late stage and definitive feasibility, full funds, next year they do sizable projects. And they will have a contribution to that production profile with the ebbs and flows over that 10 years. That's where our focus is. And that will be significant drawers on free cash flow in the next year. And then the other thing you got to balance out with that is that they'll have three significant projects in Tanami 2, the Ahafo North Yanacocha sulphides, all happening in parallel, and it's about balancing that with you around your project execution risk. We will continue to invest in those studies that are further up the pipeline. But we won't unnaturally move them forward. They need to go through the proper -- they are big projects and they need to go through the proper rigor and process, and we'll continue to spend on exploration efforts as well. So nothing significant. But we'll continue to navigate our project pipeline through its natural course.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Jackie, I'll might ask Rob to give you some color on full potential which is going very well, but if you can fill in some details.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Fahad. I want to pick that one up with that little bit of color and get Rob to provide some more details. But Éléonore is a similar story to the one we had at Leeville in Nevada back in '15, and '16, where to really get an understanding of a complex geotechnical ore body, you need to take your models to an order of magnitude more detail. And once you've got that level of understanding and that model, you're bringing the geological model and you can better map out your mind plans and then your appropriate mining methods for that ore body. That's the work that we've been doing over the last several months. And actually using some of the same people, Dave Thornton, Kate Williams, who did that work very successfully, and led that work very successfully at Leeville in Carlin, back in '15, and '16. And now Leeville is a very important part of the Carlin underground complex that Nevada gold mines and largely because of that excellent work that they did. So that's the work that we're now applying to Éléonore. Knowledge and skills we're applying to Éléonore. And I might get Rob to give you some more specifics about the Éléonore mine and that issue.
Tom Palmer: That's right, Chris. So you'd expect to see our exploration go back to the similar spend as we guided to this year, once we've got access to those locations. And then, I think with the -- if I've understood your question correctly with development capital, you'll see, since we're focused on the critical path at Tanami 2, you'll see some of that spend would have been this year following into next year. So you'll see a bit high development capital in 2021 as a consequence of that sustaining capital will stay pretty stable. We don't see any bow wave in the sustaining capital.
Tom Palmer: So autonomous, we're really focused on Boddington at this point in time. And that's all progressing very nicely. Those trucks will start to arrive in a not too distant future. Coming out of the factory in few area and a nice Caterpillar AHS test facility being commissioned in the next few weeks just up the road from Boddington, so we're very well positioned to have a good Caterpillar dealer support. For other operations, where we do look to start -- if you want to take as I did many years ago with AHS and Pilbara, you build your pilot site within the business. You prove up what it can do. And then you look at how can be modeled across the rest of the business. So that's step one strategically and we probably eyeing off those big projects at [Indiscernible] North Abeta Neterion Galore Creek as to how autonomous haulage could help those projects, improve the economics of those projects as we optimize them at the PFS stage. And then look to see within the application in their existing other operating. But that's the strategic approach with AHS be on Boddington at this point in time.
Tom Palmer: Yes. It would -- it's the countries that and how those countries are managing the pandemic are the ones that concern me. I'm very confident about our ability to manage the risk of the spread of the infection at any one of our operations. The protocols are the same everywhere. My worry is more around the community spread and then the governments. They need to take action. And Mexico and Peru would be those two countries that we watch carefully. But nothing, nothing in terms of what's happening outside. It's more about how those countries are managing the health crisis.
Tom Palmer: Tanya, thank you. And just to touch base on your question. I hope, I can go down the right road for you. But essentially, over the last year that we've had the asset, just doing more geotechnical investigation through our experience, and more geological modeling, including structural geology, our understanding is so much greater. So when we've been able to see what we've got in practice with also the modeling. That's been the biggest change, and we've been able to adapt and refine. So it's really been around the mining practices, which are being put in place to the way in which the ore presents, and the condition which the ore is under. That's essentially what we're dealing with. And so it's certainly not, because the material is not there. It's how we're actually mining it. And I think that's the key thing, which I'd certainly say, Tanya. And that's why I still remain very, very focused on the opportunity at Éléonore. We are still doing, exploring both downward to see if the ore body continues plus out on both sides, as well as the full potential projects. And, again, none of the full potential projects are rocket science. It truly is the basics. And I think that as we get Éléonore for purpose, at its fighting weights around 250, we're going to see in all those synergies continue. And I think it's important to say that, the lenghts of the support for Éléonore is now already coming from Denver. The supply chain it is now coming from Denver. The G&A is being supported from Vancouver, as well as Denver. So we're already seeing the softer synergies here. But in the mine itself, it really is focusing on the basics and making sure that we're mining back ore body the way it should be mined.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Adam. All might pick that one up and get Nancy to pick up some of that question as well. We're continuing to look at cleaning up that equity portfolio. We talked about the group of equities that we've didn't see fitted with our portfolio going forward and looking at ways that we could potentially package them up and sell them. So that work is continuing. And obviously in the current price stock, we want to make sure we get full fair value for those as well. So we're not basing to do anything there. We are still testing the market with those. We don't have this contingent fit. We've also seen some of the swings that roundabouts, which Nancy might touch upon it. You saw that value come off and that value in the first quarter and then that value came back up again as markets recovered. So you may be seeing some of that flow through with those equities as gold price moved around with the pandemic. Nancy, is there anything you'd add to Adam's question.
Tom Palmer: Adam, it's probably going to be in the next year as we work through our affinitive feasibility study work and get closer to that full funds approval or potentially as we issue well. If we get some more colors we issue our guidance again later this year. So we'd look for a milestone like that or closer to full funds to provide an update. I mean, that information we're sharing now from memory came with last year's guidance issue in December. So that's typically when we -- as we revisit our plan, and update numbers and update out guidance that would have been the logical place to might give you some more color on that project. 
Tom Palmer: From my perspective, Mike, it was a joint venture that should have been done a long time ago. And I'm pleased that we're able to get it done first quarter of last year and bring those two assets together. You had a Newmont and you had in Barrick mature assets that were both starting to enter into the twilight stages of the life and declining production profiles. And I think the ability to bring those ore bodies and those processing plants together brings life into those assets for both organizations and for those communities through Northern Nevada. So I think it was a very good transaction that is creating value for both Newmont and Barrick shareholders and the whole is definitely worth more than the some of the individual parts. So I think it was continues for me to be a very good transaction. And quite frankly, I think it's a transaction that should have been done some time ago. And I think too many egos caught in the way on both the Newmont side and the Barrick side. And I'm pleased, its done.
Tom Palmer: Certainly, we -- as the junior partner in the JV, we are looking to see the synergies realized. And we continue to provide support and influence to see the value from those synergies coming through. There is a very straightforward synergies and then there's some that are harder to get as you start to optimize mine plans around that double refractory. So we're keen to see those flow through. And we continue to influence and supporting seeing those flow through. The team also have had to manage through the COVID pandemic, as we all have, and I think Greg Walker and the team have done a show in terms of navigating through the pandemic, and managing all the impacts that come from that, that impact on both the production cost performance. So continue to work with Barrick as the operator and keen to see those synergies flow through.
Tom Palmer: And I'm please, as we continue to manage the impacts of this nasty virus. Please you and your families stay in keep safe and well. And we look forward to talking to you in the not too distant future. Thank you everybody.
Nancy Buese: Thanks, Rob. Turning to slide 19 for the financial highlights. Despite having five operations in care and maintenance, our financial performance improves significantly compared to the prior year quarter, demonstrating that tailwinds from favorable gold and oil prices and foreign exchange more than offset the COVID related impacts to our business. During the second quarter, Newmont delivered solid results with higher revenue of nearly $2.4 billion, despite fewer ounces sold, adjusted net income of $261 million or $0.32 per diluted share, and adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1 billion. Cash from continuing operations was $668 million, and free cash flow was $388 million, and nearly six-fold increase quarter-on-quarter. Turning to slide 20, for review of our earnings per share in more detail. Second quarter GAAP net income from continuing operations was $412 million or $0.51 per share. Adjustments included $0.28 related to the change in fair value of our equity investments, $0.04 related to incremental COVID specific costs, such as additional screening protocols, transportation costs, and community fund disbursements, $0.02 related to tax adjustments and valuation allowance, and $0.03 of other charges. Taking these adjustments into account, we've reported second quarter adjusted net income of $0.32 per diluted share. While we adjusted approximately $33 million of non recurring incremental COVID specific costs from our second quarter net income, we did not adjust out approximately $195 million related to the five operations temporarily placed into care and maintenance. Costs here included wages, direct operating expenses, and non cash depreciation. It's worth noting that our A&I per share would have been $0.15 per share higher if we had adjusted for these costs. Turning to slide 21. As Tom mentioned, Newmont continues to manage through the COVID pandemic from a position of strength. There has been no change to our industry leading capital allocation priorities, which include maintaining and strengthening our investment grade balance sheets, growing our margins through the delivery of our full potential continuous improvement program, and growing our reserves and resources through discipline investments and organic growth. And finally, returning cash to our shareholders through a sector leading dividend. We ended the quarter with liquidity of $6.7 billion and our net debt to EBITDA ratio improved to 0.6 times. Newmont focus on leading shareholder returns remains stronger than ever, and we declared a second quarter dividend of $0.25 per share. Over the last six quarters, we have returned more than $2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, a track record that demonstrates our commitment to providing the highest returns. Lastly, while the recent rise in gold prices notable, we will continue to use our conservative assumptions around $1200 mine plan and continue our discipline around capital allocation. We will also invest in profitable projects, return cash to shareholders and maintain a strong balance sheet. Excess cash flows generated from periods of higher gold prices could be used to further improve our balance sheet and provide additional returns to shareholders. With that, I'll hand it over to Tom to wrap up on slide 22.
Nancy Buese: Sure. So really on the capital allocation, we just recently raised our dividend very significantly. And so, our view is while there's still some uncertainty around COVID, and just understanding the full ramifications of that on our operations, we feel like that dividend is very solid for now. And we will continue to consider what we should do with the dividend level going forward. And our capital allocation you have a just right, as we've indicated before, as approximately over the cycle 50% of that back to the business and 50% of that back to shareholders. We think we're at the top of the cycle, but it's really hard to say right now. But our view would be, we'll continue to evaluate that and continue to look at dividend levels as we put the backdrop of our business plan for next year in place and really understand the balance sheet ramifications.
Nancy Buese: Yes. I think that's right. So that that translates to about $3 an ounce. And the other piece of that is other community funds that we may spend. But just as a reminder, those are adjusted out of AISC and adjusted EBITDA and A&I, but will certainly continue to impact free cash flow. So again, it's not huge dollars in the overall scheme of things, but we would anticipate incurring those on a regular basis for the foreseeable future.
Nancy Buese: Yes. We'd look at all those different options. And I think as we've talked before, there's a host of tools in our toolbox ready for use. So we do prefer to consider how our regular dividend travels against the cycle. But I would say at this point in time, we're just in the middle of putting together our 2021 business plan. And so our view would be is let's continue that work. See how the next five years stacked up, and then we'll be in a really good position to test various tools against that backdrop and see where we are as we continue the journey of capital allocation. As a reminder, we just increased our dividend. So we feel like that's a very good level throughout the cycle and certainly understanding that we are generating more cash at this time. We will as always continue to evaluate the right way to return that cash to shareholders.
Nancy Buese: Yes. We've talked about them in the past tenure. We certainly don't have hard and fast around that. I would say, generally, we keep in mind the fact that in certain countries we do need to keep certain balances, or we have tax leakage coming back to the U.S. So it's a very complex network of where we're going to spend capital and where we're generating free cash flow. I would say, generally speaking, that number for us is around $2 billion. But it certainly does matter to us where that cash is available for different purposes. So yes, I would sort of say in that $2 billion range, sometimes higher if we're getting ready to enter a period of capital development, capital work, but that's probably the minimum at the lower end of the cycle.
Nancy Buese: Yes. I would just say that, our unrealized holding gain losses on that portfolio was about $227 million or $0.28. And then the other piece of that is there was a tax benefit recognized resulting from those changes. So that's really the impact of that portfolio and it's really just relative to I'm sure valuation around current gold prices.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Tom. And I'll just add a couple things, Tom, to your question, Tyler. I think the other thing that we've been doing throughout is just had very regular communication with respective authorities in the government. And that's included quite a number of site visits. So they've seen the standards at which we're adhering to. And in many cases when people are not on site, it's actually better than being in the community. So just having that confidence in what we're doing at site and continuing to do that is really important. And I think the other couple of things just to build on the very practical things that Tom outlined is that, we did change rosters before to have our sites with longer rosters. And that makes sure there's less turnover during these times and that obviously helps. And also just minimizing anything that visits and minimizing the number of people that we've got on our sites. So after the last three, four months, I think we've come up with a number of very successful tactics. But as Tom said, the chronic unease is very much the year and we're not dropping around this at all.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks. Tyler, I'll pick up your synergy question and ask Nancy Beuse to pick up the capital allocation question. On the on the synergies, those numbers -- so the $340 million of cash flow this year and the $500 million of cash flow next year, which exceeds our initial commitment of $365 million from that transaction. Those commitments are built into our guidance and we are delivering on those. And a lot of the value for this year has come from three areas, the G&A savings, so they bundle up exploration G&A. There's upwards of $150 million there. This supply chain improvements. And then there's the big value drivers Peñasquito, and Peñasquito is performing very well either side of the -- what was the shortest shutdown period for care and maintenance and it ramped up very quickly, so Peñasquito performing synergies are delivered. Nancy, do you want to pick up the capital allocation.
Rob Atkinson: Another way of looking at it is a current process that as we continue to work our margins applying full potential, it means more margin.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Jackie. And the simple answer is, very much so that Tom mentioned and he is pretty humble about the rates that we were able to achieve after we came back from the care and maintenance. And really within just a handful of days, we were back up to the record levels that we were reaching before. So going through the middle, we were well above 110,000 tons a day. And that just shows the amount of effort, the stability and the focus that the team has got there. We're also making big improvements in the mine in terms of the way in which we're digging the ore to make sure there's no dilution and just the accuracy of what's going through the plant there as well. And really across the board of Peñasquito, so Jackie as you know, there's opportunity everywhere in terms of the way in which we're utilizing our equipment, the effectiveness of our drill and blast, the quality of the blasting in our supply chain, working on the air availability of our equipment. The effectiveness of our maintainers, et cetera, on all those counts, we're seeing improvement. And I think the longer that we continue to run, the more records that we're going to break there. And also, Jackie, it's been very positive.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Tom, and thanks for the question. And just reinforce what Tom said is that, as a miner, the two key things that you look for an underground miners is a geological model that you could confidence in and a geotechnical model you've got confidence in. And we've arrived at that position. And I think, when you kind of look back to what we reported earlier in the year, but the reserves and the resources that --we have got lot to do in terms of the stope design, in terms of our dilution and recovery. And those are the key things that we continue to work on at Éléonore. And really is the basics of mining is, how do you make sure that you're putting in place stopes in the right sequence and the right size, that you're not bringing on new forces of geotech which caused disruption moving forward. When you stand back in terms of the cost. As I spoke about before, we are resetting Éléonore to an operation around that 250,000 ounces moving forward. And we have to reset the costs around that. And obviously, save the people numbers and as an example of that, pre-COVID, that Éléonore with about 1200 employees and contractors, that certainly got to get down to more like the 900 people level. We've also recognized our full potential area that the highest cost activities in our development, and we know that we've got to increase and improve the development rates that we're achieving there. And certainly the team is very focused on that. Similarly, with all of our heavy equipment, we had too much gear at Éléonore. And we've basically stripped the heavy equipment out to really be focusing on the amount of equipment that you need to run a mine of that size. And whether that trucks, that's the loaders, that's the bolters. So we are now approaching the right amount of equipment. Now, obviously, that needs less operators, it needs less maintenance as well, and it flows into the costs. But the key thing which would emphasize it really is around that, managing that dilution and the recovery. And that's where the team is very much focused on. The other key point that we do have coming very much into our favor is the commissioning of the Lower Mine handling system there. That is essentially in essence removes the need to truck up an 500 meters. So it's going to provide quite a big productivity kick there. But I hope that provides you with some detail in terms of what we're doing at Éléonore. And last, but by no means least, we've got the team in place, and we've got the focus there, which will really drive that harder than ever before. So we're plan to put the helps ahead.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Chris. Musselwhite is going very well, that we're expecting the conveyor system to be up and running coming into the year. So it is the fourth quarter. And in December is the current timeframe that we're looking at. And just to give you a sense that, in terms of the progress there that we've got two key conveyors there that were doing conveyor frames on one of the two kilometer stretches. We've got all the hanging supports and the other. So really the critical path is around the fire suppression and then actually pulling and placing the bales. But at the end of the year is what we're very much focused on and it's progressing well, Chris.
