Laurie Brlas: Thanks Gary and thanks everyone for joining us today. It was a strong quarter for Newmont and I am pleased with our performance. Turning to Slide 11, as Gary mentioned, we continue to see cost improvement across the portfolio. Our second quarter gold cost applicable to sales per ounce and gold all-in sustaining cost for ounce were both 14% favorable to the prior year. These improvements contributed to EBITDA expansion and our fifth consecutive quarter of positive free cash flow. Despite an 8% decline in our average realized gold price, the lower cost from operations led to continued strong financial results. Turning to Slide 12, during the second quarter, we generated more than $440 million in cash from continuing operations and increase of more than 17% from the year-ago quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was also up 32% from the prior year, due to higher grades and recoveries especially at Batu Hijau, improved oil prices and exchange rates and ongoing efficiency improvements. Consolidate free cash flow was $119 million during the second quarter including increased development capital spending at our projects such as Merian and Long Canyon. Year-to-date free cash flow now stands at $463 million, almost $400 million higher than the prior year period. We’ve reported adjusted net income of $131 million in the second quarter or $0.26 per share compared to a $101 million or $0.20 last year. Turning to Slide 13 for a review of that, adjusted new income excludes a $0.02 per share gain related to discontinued operation, $0.05 per share loss related to impairments and restructuring costs and $0.09 per share impairment of certain differed tax asset. After reconciling for these items, we reported adjusted net income of $131 million or $0.26 per share as I noted. The strong quarter operationally was also reflected in adjusted EBITDA of $692 million, up 32% from the prior year. Similarly, adjusted EBITDA excludes impairments, restructuring, acquisition and divestiture costs. Now turning to Slide 14, at the end of the second quarter, our investment grade balance sheet had over $3.3 billion in cash and equivalents. Excluding the cash we will use to acquire CC&V, adjusted cash is about $2.5 billion. Combining that adjusted cash, our $3 billion revolver and roughly $200 million in marketable securities gives us nearly $6 billion of liquidity. During the second quarter, we repaid $75 million of debt, primarily towards the PTNNT revolver. We’ve also eliminated Ahafo remaining loan balance. This brings our year-to-date total debt payments to $280 million and we’ve remained on track pay down further debt by year-end. We have no significant debt maturities until 2019 and our current net debt-to-book capital of 17.9% is well below the maximum 62.5% for our revolver covenant. Newmont’s strong cash flows and enhanced balance sheet provided us with the confidence to maintain our dividend as we announced earlier this week, despite the average gold price for the quarter of $1,192. Turning to Slide 15, our work to deliver the balance sheet and improve our underlying business separates Newmont from the competition. As our slide indicates, our net debt-to-EBITDA continues to improve and outperform competitor averages. In a $1,200 gold price environment, we are targeting a net debt-to-EBITDA ration of 1 which we estimate will allow us to maintain an investment grade balance sheet across the verity of metal price scenario. To summarize, Newmont’s strong liquidity and cash flow positions us deliver results across the commodity cycle. We’re comfortable with our relative level of debt and maturity profile, but we’ll continue to look at ways to reduce the absolute debt level and strengthen the long term viability of our business. And now I’ll turn the call back over to Gary.
Laurie Brlas: Definitely on the copper concentrate sale there is a bit of a timing issue. On a year-to-date basis I think we are pretty solid on gold and we see continuing to hit the numbers for the rest of the year. Copper will get back from that timing gap.
Laurie Brlas: Yes, that CCR feeds well affect that and we also have mark-to-market adjustments more still again on the copper and gold.
Laurie Brlas: And that wouldn’t have a direct - an adjustment like that would not have a direct impact or impairment on the balance sheet. What you might see if we reduced our reserves would be a bit higher depreciation and amortization next year as that would imply some shorter mines but there been a direct impairment.
Laurie Brlas: We’ve provided those sensitivities in the past and those are included in our materials that certainly we’ve used. The midpoint of our guidance would reflect the energy an $8 assumptions that we’ve got right now.
Laurie Brlas: No, it’s a general guideline and it’s not going to be sensitive to development essentially because that doesn’t affect EBITDA, we’ve got that factored in. It’s really the EBITDA will move, I want to make the point that it’s at a $1,200 gold because our EBITDA will obviously more if the gold price changes. And so if we’re at a one, that’s extremely conservative, if we’re at one at $1,200 and so it fells up a little bit at $1,100 number, but we’re still at a very confident investment grade position.
Gary Goldberg: Yeah, the power consumption in Ghana it’s about 60 megawatts in total with about 30 megawatts at each of those sites. And what we’ve done is put in the temporary additional power at Akyem and we’re finishing up by the end of this year some addition permanent capacity at Ahafo as we look at the potential to add mill capacity there and the potential for underground, we wanted to base the more permanent power there. We have since June and went back to running full capacity, while we continue to work with the government and look at different ways to address the power situation over the longer there. We’re now in good shape for continuing and sustaining our existing production base going forward.
Gary Goldberg: And what we’ve done Andrew and as we build our plans and this is something we introduced last year and continue to refine this year. We actually build our plans starting from a lower gold price and layer on, what would we start, what runs, what doesn’t. So we started at a $900 price and then continued looking at what comes in both with existing operation and projects. So we’ve got a pretty good idea where we’d go and where we’d focus and where the best value comes as we’d go the other direction and looking. It’s depending ones again how long we expect these thing to last.
Gary Goldberg: No, I think one other things that we completed in this past quarter, we took over and agreed a management agreement with Barrick and we’ve now taken over managing the operation on behalf of the joint venture. It’s still a 50-50 joint venture. We continue to do work and now with this change, we’re also looking at what we might do both in further bringing our systems and approaches in, but also looking at the exploration upside. So it’s something we continue to assess.
Gary Goldberg: It varies on both on them. At Tanami, quite frankly because it’s - well both of them quite frankly are incremental expansions. We see prices that would support good double digit returns. It could below even a $1,000 per ounce. We’ll give more information as we assess those here in the third and the fourth quarter and bring them forward, but that’s where I see quite frankly both of those.
Gary Goldberg: Okay, I’ll take the first part on Carlin and Boddington in terms of strip ratio, because those are probably the two biggest drives of Carlin being the biggest. And I was just out there last week and have a pretty good handle on what’s going on. I think the big difference is then we’ve had material that was originally characterized this waste, it’s now become ore, so that’s a good thing in terms of mineral model but it also results in lower stripping. So what we’d expected to be stripping is waste is now ore. That ore has a longer haul when and you’ve been out there, so taking it from the Northern pit down to where the mill is does require a longer haul, so that’s taking up the truck capacity and lower stripping. At Boddington, it’s been changes to the mine plan that we implemented earlier this year and really the shape and that’s allowed us not just for this year but going forward to reduce some of the stripping. Twin Creeks, the question there was - now Chris Robison is going to address Twin Creeks’ question.
Gary Goldberg: Yeah, we’re really not delaying the stripping. This is both we modified the mine plan at Boddington and at Carlin it’s really a more a matter of the switch from ore to waste, so we’d be back into the normal sort of stripping going forward.
Gary Goldberg: Sure, thanks Steven. I think couple of things. Obviously, we continued to watch and see how Freeport progresses with their discussions because they are - I know the first cab of the rank with their permit do here this month are as due as you said in September. I met with a number of government officials earlier this year and more recently met with the Minister of Mines and Energy as he was here in the U.S. to just talk about the progress and where we are both in terms of the modifications to a contracted work and the permit extension. And we do continue to discuss with several parties the potential of participating in a smelter and supporting the country’s policy of having in country processing. Those were at different stages with different parties and I am not really have liberty to get into the details on those other than we continue to progress that. I do think there is desire in country that’s continued to see the operations run as we work together towards a solution. Now I have encouraged as I was when I visited in March and that resulted in getting our extension in March. We’ve got work to do and they are just coming out of a holiday period here primarily through the month of July and we’re looking to get reengaged in detail on these discussions in August with the government.
Gary Goldberg: No, Stephen, a good question, it’s one of the things in why we are encouraging getting resolution on the contractor work, so we know that we have the certainty in terms of how we’re going to look out in the future for development of Phase 7. Phase 7, we really get into larger spending for striping in particular early next year, so we’re really targeting through the end of this year, we’ll look at it. The same way we do with all of our different options at different price scenarios to see what it make sense, how it make sense to bring it forward, how it make sense to finance that particular investment because it’s about five years of striping, we’re doing work with the team there to look at ways to maybe reduce that a bit and improve the cost profile and how we can drive things. We’ve just got the full potential program rolled out there and we’re going to see how we can improve our cost position there as well. All that we want to factor in as we make the decision on whether and how to proceed with Phase 7.
Gary Goldberg: Yeah, no, good point. We have - sometimes we’ve done it internally. For larger projects we’ve actually done it with third parties, you the back goes in the flares and that type. G Mining has had a good history of building projects of this scale and particular in Suriname, Luis [ph] has done a good job there and continues to do a good job for us, so it’s a different model and it’s one that we believe allows us to build projects affectively safely and at a lower cost than what we’ve been seeing through some of the other model. So we’re giving it a bit of a try here how it might apply in other place. I think once you start to get much larger project in this, that model may not fit, but I think for the most of the projects we have in our project pipeline this sort of model is something that makes good sense. So that’s why we’re given in a try and as I said we’re seeing good progress there. We’re at 25% project completion year-to-date and that’s progressing very well on the ground.
Gary Goldberg: No, I think we have in those reserve calculations, we left the Aussie dollar at parity dollar for dollar and the oil was at a $100 per barrel. So as we - we assess reserve reporting at the end of the year and making a potential reduction in that reserve price, we would include also those changes in the Aussie the oil price and also the improvements we’ve seen in our operating cost throughout the business.
Gary Goldberg: Yeah, I’ll make it clear that M&A isn’t that top end of our priority. We’re really focused on running our existing business well and delivering results. I think as it’s been highlighted continuing to deliver the results that we say we’re going to, continuing to look at ways to improve the businesses, the way to earn the creditability of shareholders. As an industry, I think we’ve got different participants going after it in different ways. I think we’ll see some that will do well and perform well through this price environment. We’ve got others that I am sure will get challenged just by the nature of how they going to cross and gone after their cost, improvement and efficiencies. We’ve really focused over the last couple of year with our board and what can be done to sustainably improve and efficiencies not just do something that’s flushing the pan for a year or two. And I think that’s just as important from a shareholder standpoint look at it. So our discussions with shareholders, our discussion with our board and we just completed those discussions here recently with our most recent board meeting. We’re really focused on making sure we continue to deliver, stay within our strategy, make sure the foundation is going well, make sure we’ve got good financial capacity, keep an eye on the balance sheet, keep an eye shareholder returns as you saw with a divided that we believe we’re positioned well to be able to pay that dividend even though it fell below our current guideline and those of the sorts of things that we’ve been discussing and focusing on it. I think in terms of the market, I’ve always been saying keep an eye on both what’s happening with ETS and what’s happening in China. And I think the announcement last week on China came out is unfortunately a bit of a negative surprise, but quite frankly there was an increase in gold reserves that China had. And the underlying fundamentals of demand in Chain for gold still remain strong. Last quarter was the fourth strongest quarter in gold demand in China. So I think that’s good, I think India continues to play well in that. The overall potential headwinds that people see in the U.S. economy performance and interest rates sit out there. I think quite a bit of that I would expect this price still but I think where things go actually getting some of those things to happen in terms of interest rates finally moving. So the speculation stops and we move pass that stage will be important. But we’re in it to the long term. We want to make sure the business is positioned to work through the different swings, ups and down. And so we’re not having to shoot from the hip and come up with short term sort of approaches to addressing the business fundamentals. And I think we’ve really worked hard here at Newmont to make sure that we’ve positioned the business to survive well through these sorts of swings.
Gary Goldberg: Yeah, I think as we looked at it and we have to see what happens with the rain as you point out. But we’re about 50 meters below where we expected to be in terms of water level in the pit and it’s spend because it’s been drier but we also installed an additional the watering pipeline to make sure if rain came more than expected we’re in a better position. So that’s all helped. That could help and that’s one of the things, we do our plans for ‘16 and ‘17 because we would have planned in ‘16 a period where we actually came out of the pit bottom and it could position us better, but that’s part of what well assess when we do our ‘16 plan.
Gary Goldberg: I think it’s a combination, as we’re in the lower part of the ore body, the higher grade - higher grade is also softer ore and higher recovery. So all those go together to really result in the better results.
Gary Goldberg: The combination of two things, one would be grade is expected to drop in the second half of the year and we also expect to see some higher sustaining capital spend that will occur in the second half of the year.
Gary Goldberg: No, at this stage we are basing the expansion completely on what we have in our reserve base not on the resource or on the rest of what I have just talked about.
Gary Goldberg: No, exactly, we’ve got existing infrastructure but also have potential options. When you recall, we had a shaft option for continuing to expand production there. That could become one that we consider and then there be other potential incremental expansions at the mill we could do depending on what we’d find. But right now, I want to keep the focus keep it stepwise on what’s the most logical mix that based on what we know.
Gary Goldberg: No, no real issues in North America, Peru and quite frankly Australia, we continue to see better labor availability which is evident in the much over turnover rates we’re seeing in our operations in West half. So I think that’s a key point one other things and I mentioned we just had the board in. We spent quite a bit of time with the board talking about talent, talking about succession and what we do to make sure we have a good strong talent pipeline throughout the business, so not just at headquarters but how does that look out into the operations, how does it look from the finance side back in across the region. So it’s one that we spend a lot of time on and it’s one we feel it’s important for us as we try to separate ourselves from the rest of the group.
Gary Goldberg: Yeah, what we had Anita in the first quarter in particular but second quarter for the first two months April and May we had lower throughput as we run the power rationing before we got the rest of the gen sets the temporary gen sets in. So from June we are back at full capacity and that was really the big driver on the difference in mill throughput and we’d expect that as I mentioned, now that we have the additional power capacity to be achieving the more normal levels going forward.
Gary Goldberg: Thanks operator and thanks again everyone for joining our second quarter earnings call. Our team continues to drive stronger performance across the portfolio and the sector. We’ve remained committed to continually improving the business by making our operation safer and more efficient and to building a longer life, lower cost asset portfolio that thrives in all cycles. Our ultimate goal is to create the value in need to fund profitable growth, pay down debt and most importantly generate cash for our shareholders. Thank you for your time and have a safe day.
