Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Sure, John. In terms of Morrison, and we haven't yet approved it. It's a sustaining capital project. So, basically, it's about extending mine life. And we've been going through a process. In fact, we delayed approval probably about three or four months, did additional drilling, really focused on metallurgical testing. Tom and I were just out there a couple weeks ago and had a chance to kind of go through where they're at with the project. And the results look to have confirmed what we would have expected from metallurgical recoveries, which is good. And as we get further information together on that, that's one we can provide an update on in our December update when we have Alex Bates, the Regional Vice President, out at Investor Day to provide an update.
Gary J. Goldberg: No, no, no. It confirmed we'd see good recoveries there. That's what we wanted to confirm and we see that coming through fine.
Gary J. Goldberg: Well, it's still early days as we look around where we've been focusing. We had a target, I think, we put out to the market in terms of about 3 million ounces by the drill bit. And we continue to see how that delivers both at Tanami where we see potential, Subika and potentially also down at Yanacocha.
Gary J. Goldberg: Nothing new. Tom and the team – actually, Dean Gehring will be providing an update at the Investor Day in December.
Gary J. Goldberg: Now, Michael, as you say, Full Potential continues to be a core to the business in looking at both efficiency and cost improvements. And I think with the focus and what the team has been working on here as we pull together our 2018 business plan, we'll be able to demonstrate that with the guidance in December as we present it. In terms of inflationary pressures, the key things we keep an eye on; obviously, the Aussie dollar is one element that we don't control directly and we see that flow through. As gold prices come up, that's come up a little bit. But that's pretty much kept in line there with the price. Oil price, it's been bouncing around. We've been using $55. We continue in our outlook going forward to be pretty much in that same ballpark. I think the only place – as we keep an eye is labor inflation and watching turnover as the leading indicator on that both in Australia and parts of North America. It's not any sort of a big jump up, but it's one we're keeping an eye on. Remember, overall, our focus. We build in in our planning process 3% a year inflation into the plans as the teams are developing their plans out for the first five years. So 3% each year. And the objective of the Full Potential effort is to at least offset or more than offset that 3% inflation. So in terms of other areas, mining equipment and supplies, we've extended our agreements, so not seeing anything in a major way there inflationary-wise. And likewise on the commodity inputs.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah, I'll take a brief shot. And then I'll have Tom Palmer give an update because he's got an extensive background in designing autonomous mines and give a little bit more background. But I think in terms of designing mines, it's clearly all part of the technology that we look at. We look at the value it delivers. You look at what we're developing at Northwest Exodus where we've allowed for. And we'll have autonomous equipment in use there. We have it already in use at Leeville right next door. So that's easy technology to transfer and at Subika. It's not limited by location. We're looking at Subika in Ghana as another place to use the autonomous equipment. And a good example there; you can put operation of that equipment, as you saw, up on the surface. And you don't have to go through the travel time back and forth to the face (31:24). You don't have to have the same clearing procedures after a blast. So it leads to higher productivity. And these are things we'll look at really at all of our operations. On the surface side, I'll hand it over to Tom to give a little bit of background.
Gary J. Goldberg: David, we just happen to have RSVP here. And I'm going to introduce Dean Gehring who took over now about four months ago as the Regional Vice President and I'll have him handle that question. Dean.
Gary J. Goldberg: But I think at the end of the day, David, you can count – it's going to add about 200,000 ounces a year on a 100% basis once it starts production later in 2019.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes. I'm having folks help draw that up here because I don't have that at the tip of my tongue. So let's find that and I'll come back here in a moment.
Gary J. Goldberg: No. We continue to talk with our partner there about what the potential would be for the extension of this agreement. We're also working through as they're assessing different expansion plans and how to take the next step of expansion effectively and efficiently at Turquoise Ridge. So that work continues.
Gary J. Goldberg: I'm going to hand over to Tom. I believe he's got both the cost number in terms of power costs and he can – we'll give more detail on the capital as we get a little bit closer to approval, which will be by the end of this year. But over on the power.
Gary J. Goldberg: No. Thanks for the question, Lucas. I look at it a couple of different ways. One, I think in terms of how the industry presents itself to the world from a cost standpoint. The effort to go to all-in sustaining costs was a step in the right direction to try to get a better view out to the world in terms of what the actual cost of production is. And for the most part, we've stayed very true to what that means. That hasn't necessary been the case everywhere. But I know the World Gold Council is taking another look at that approach and making sure that we get a true measure and metric of what the cost of production is out there. And not everything's represented even in all-in sustaining costs. So I think making sure we get the right view on cost out's important because the first thing people look at is what gold price is and what the cost numbers are and say they want a bigger piece of the pie. I think in terms of where we operate, I think we've got very stable regions that we operate in. That doesn't mean we're immune. I know we had the recent efforts in Western Australia to look to raise the royalty rate. And I think that's been a big process and congratulations to the team. At this stage, Alex Bates and the team, they're working with the other gold producers in Western Australia to help educate the politicians in Western Australia and the rest of the marketplace in terms of what the effect of raising royalty rates has. And this is consistent whether it's in Western Australia or anywhere else in the world. If you raise the cost of production through having higher royalty rates, it raises cutoff grades and reduces mine lives. So it's not good for long-term investments. You have to have fair share in your revenues. And I think just being more transparent about what is being shared and improving on that, that's something I know we're working with ICMM. We look at our own reporting of taxes. We have our social responsibility report. We provide that information. But I think that's a key area. On top of that, we've got agreements with governments. You just heard the extension of the agreement in Ghana for five years as a good example of having an agreement where they've been very consistent and lived up to that, a little different than our experience was in Indonesia. And we've got agreements in Peru and agreements in Suriname as well. So I think it's working with the government officials and making sure they understand what our economic situation looks like and what the impact can be in the long term on mine life, community and jobs at the end of the day.
Gary J. Goldberg: And thank you, everyone, for joining our call this morning. Our team delivered another strong quarter, keeping us on track to meet production cost and capital guidance for 2017. We also continue to invest in the future with our Tanami Expansion reaching commercial production on time and budget and our Quecher Main project set to extend life at Yanacocha. Finally, we generated even stronger cash flows, giving us the means to maintain robust returns and distinguish ourselves as an industry leader in sustainability. I'll end by inviting you to join us at our Investor Day on December 6, where we'll introduce you to the rest of our regional business leaders, share our refreshed five-year outlook and bring you up to speed in how we're leveraging technology to raise our performance to the next level. Thank you for joining us and have a safe day.
Tom Palmer: Yeah, thanks, Gary. I think my experience with this technology and automation is, first and foremost, it's fundamentally safer. You're taking human beings out of the process and the system runs without some of that risk. And to build on Gary's comment, the other thing it does, it can take people out of an environment, say, an underground environment where they're not exposed to the same level of things like diesel particulates. So there's a health improvement there as well as safety, first and foremost. In terms of the design of our mines, our underground mines going forward, as we talked about with Northwest Exodus, are designed to accommodate autonomous equipments. So we've got the option to bring that in. The surface mines, it's really something you look at as you go forward. My experience with this type of equipment in the iron ore industry is there was a capital offset when you're building a new mine to bring that equipment in. And the cost of running that equipment is still something that needs to catch up. So retrofitting or introducing autonomous equipment into existing mines is still something that we're looking at and considering. But there's still some work that the industry has to do to have a cost improvement that'll allow you to do that retrofit. So we're keeping an eye on those developments.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, Tanya. The roughly $0.25 kilowatt hour power cost today, diesel-fired power stations at Tanami. And with gas coming in, gas-fired power stations, you can expect to see in the order of 20% improvement there. So other key factors are that the reliability – we won't to see those same issues that we experienced earlier this year with diesel supply and quite a significant improvement in carbon emissions as a result of the cleaner fuel source. So I'm very pleased about that. In terms of -
Tom Palmer: Yeah. Once we got the approval to proceed, we dropped the – there's a north-south power line that runs up through Alice Springs in Australia. So you connect to that and then run across to the mine site. So that's the order of a 400, 450 kilometer pipeline. And we'll run that right through to the underground mine at DBS and then connect to power stations. If you recall, the processing plant and the underground mine are around 45 kilometers apart. So (39:45) connecting power lines and join those two up. So it's around that time to – critical path is to sink that power line. So you can imagine the conditions up there through the dry and wet season. You've got to sequence around that. So that's sort of timeframe to get it into place.
Tom Palmer: All going well, the weather looks after us; I'd see that we'd be up and running a bit earlier than that.
Dean Gehring: Okay. Thanks, Gary. David, it's a good question. Quecher Main is just largely an extension of what we've been doing at Yanacocha for a number of years. Most of the capital is dedicated toward just building a new leach pad facility. We'll largely use existing equipment. The grades are similar to what we've been mining before in that area. And it's reflected in our guidance and some of the things that Gary said earlier about what we expect to see in terms of production. So it's all going to be oxide leach production. There isn't anything that's going to our gold mill.
Dean Gehring: Well, we put in about 16-meter lifts. We'll be doing two a year. So you'll see about 32 meters of stacking per year.
Dean Gehring: I have to look that up because if I gave it to you in tons, then it wouldn't necessarily tell you what it was in meters. So different people ask the question differently.
