Richard T. O'Brien: Thanks, John. For those of you on the webcast, we'll begin on Slide 3. As we announced last year during our Investor Day in New York, we continue to focus our efforts on offering shareholders a combination of competitive production growth and returns, exploration upside, balance sheet strength and a commitment to return capital back to shareholders.  Our first quarter financial and operating results supported our efforts in each of these areas, with consolidated revenue of $2.7 billion, up 9% from the prior-year quarter; operating margins, up 29% on a 22% increase in the average realized gold price of $1,684 per ounce; stable gold production of 1.3 million ounces; operating costs well within our guidance; and a 75% increase in our dividend over the prior year's quarter to $0.35 per share. We are maintaining our 2012 outlook for production, costs applicable to sales and capital spending.  Regarding our exploration upside, we continue to see the potential to add the equivalent of 90 million ounces of gold to reserves between 2011 and 2020. And in 2011, as disclosed previously, we made significant progress by adding 11.6 million ounces of gold to reserves or approximately 10% of that target. Our balance sheet continues to strengthen and to provide additional financial flexibility. We recently took advantage of favorable debt markets to raise $2.5 billion of senior notes, to repay borrowings and replenish the balance sheet. Russell will speak to this in a few moments. Turning to Slide 4, as many of you know, our growth potential includes a number of new projects, including the Akyem project in Ghana where construction is now 40% complete and going very well. Our growth potential also includes our Conga project and other projects in Peru.  As most of you have heard, the Conga project's environmental impact assessment, which was previously approved by the central government of Peru in October 2010 after an extensive public engagement process, was subject to a review by independent experts during the first quarter of 2012 at the request of the central government. The results of the independent review were released last week and confirmed that the EIA met Peruvian and international standards. The report also goes on to recommend, among other considerations, that we assess the technical and economic feasibility of relocating the Perol waste dump in order to try to preserve the Azul and Chica lakes. We are currently in the process of evaluating the recommendations contained in the independent report and additional recommendations from the government to assess the future impacts on the project's economics. Conga is a significant investment in Peru and would be, we believe, a catalyst for economic and social development in the Cajamarca region, while also protecting water quality and providing year-round water availability for downstream users.  Conga's development would be a significant source of revenue for the government of Peru, along with significant employment. We've been privileged to work in Peru for more than 20 years, and we want to continue to be part of the government's social inclusion efforts and the development of the country through responsible mining. If Conga cannot be developed, though, in a safe, socially and environmentally responsible manner while also earning our shareholders an acceptable return, then we will reallocate that capital to other development projects in our portfolio, including opportunities in Nevada, Australia, Ghana and Indonesia, and we can combine that with a possible return of additional capital to shareholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Russell Ball to discuss our first quarter financial and operating results.
Richard T. O'Brien: Thanks, Gary, and thanks, Russell. I'll wrap up by reiterating that execution has been and will continue to be job #1 at Newmont. And what do we mean by execution? We mean delivering safely on our goals for production, costs and capital. We also mean bringing projects into production effectively and efficiently. We believe firmly that our commitment to execution, paired with an emphasis on capital returns, both of and on capital, sets us apart in the industry, and we absolutely expect this focus to continue.  Thanks for listening to the call. And operator, we'll now open it up for questions.
Richard T. O'Brien: John, that's precisely what we're evaluating. Just to put it in the context, as we are going through this review, which I expect will take a bit of time, we're evaluating both the technical aspects. And as I said, the first thing to recognize is that the EIA that we did, did meet all the technical requirements for its approval and did conform to both international and Peruvian standards. So we will continue to evaluate the recommendations around things that we should consider. When we evaluate that, we'll look at 2 things, both how it impacts the timing of the Conga project, as well as the cost. So that's something that we're in the process of evaluating. And recognizing that we just received the report last week, we're still in process on that. But I guarantee you, John, when we go through this, when we get to the point where we know what the cost structure would be, we are going to look at the economics of this project, just as we've said, and we feel that we have other options in the portfolio should those economics turn out to not be favorable and that's something that we could not go forward with. That said, that's not where we are today. We continue to evaluate.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, I think as Russell said, we have a number of areas where we are going to focus, and I think it goes right on through, as we look at the opportunities that we have in the world today, I think one of the things you're going to see is us focus more on select opportunities and really continue to build the early stage of the pipeline. But looking at exploration of the advanced projects, we probably will have some opportunities in that as we go forward even this year to reduce capital, yet not impact the plans that we have, and I'd say right on through project construction, where we are going to be looking in particular at our overheads, as well as the project teams that we have in place. And then right on through in the G&A, and when I say G&A, I mean the corporate-wide structure both in Denver and around the world to see where we have duplication. We have been investing, as we have talked about, in new systems. Our SAP rollout will be completed by the end of the year. We will be incorporating savings going forward from that as we look into our 2013 budget process and cycle. And in that plan, I fully expect that we will see costs come down across the company.
Richard T. O'Brien: It's Richard, David. We have had success at that mill from really the day we started it to actually get over nameplate and maintain it there. And I think it's a combination of both the ore quality, but also, we have done a significant study over the last year or 2 on a business excellence study to get more throughput. And that's true of our mills around the world, but this is one where we actually see it in practice every day.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, so let me take that. Actually, what we said about the Conga project was that it was going to help get us more into copper, and it does have the quality of both copper and gold in a larger porphyry. It is a different deposit though than Yanacocha. This is a typical sulfide deposit -- or copper porphyry, rather. And when we're talking about the deposits below Yanacocha, it's significantly different in that it is a deposit which is going to require more technical work for us to assess the commercial practicability of actually producing that. And what I would say is, as we review Conga, we are reviewing all of our investments in Peru, including those potential deposits. So all of that is something that we're looking at, at the moment. And as we get to Investor Day and beyond, we'll keep you informed as to what we think of the prospects of those. So I think it's both timing and, as we've said, technical feasibility for those, so we'll keep you informed.
Richard T. O'Brien: Yes, I'll start. It's Richard. So I think the political risk in Indonesia -- we've been operating in Indonesia for quite some time. As you know, we've been going through a divestiture process over the last several years. And as a result of that, we have almost continuous interaction with both the local community, who have an interest in the current shares that have been divested, as well as an interest in the potential shares. The central government, who is the buyer at least at the moment for the 7%, and we hope that, that will close sometime in the next few months. I think as we see that 7% close, I think we will then be through the divestiture issues and then solidly into what does the rest of Indonesia look like. We think Indonesia continues to be prospective within our contracted work. We are continuing to explore it along, which we think has potential to be similar to Batu Hijau in terms of its output, but probably, twice as big and half the grade, so obviously dependent on economics. But we continue to look at that. Why? Because we believe that the political situation in Indonesia continues to support mining. We do have a contract of work, and the government has indicated that they would like to see certain forms or provisions of that change, including the potential for refining more copper product in Indonesia. And what I can tell you is that the one refinery that is available in Indonesia to process is full. So we continue to work with the government on what we're going to do next. If that's really what's going to happen, somebody's going to have to construct a refinery. So what I'd say is the dialogue with Indonesia continues to be a dialogue. But I'd say generally, it's been constructive. We have worked through the issues. We've been there quite some time. I think on the ground, we provide meaningful jobs and meaningful revenue to the government, and we continue to be cited as one of the most environmentally and, I think, financially, in terms of filing our tax returns and paying on time, of any mining company in Peru -- so I think -- or sorry, I meant in Indonesia. But you could also say that in Peru. So we continue to be positive, I think, about Indonesia. No question, we've got to keep an eye on what's happening there, and elections are going to be coming up there in the next couple years as well.
Richard T. O'Brien: Thanks, everybody, for taking some time Friday morning to attend our call. And if you have questions, I know John and his team would be more than willing to take them, and we look forward to seeing all of you and even some people who aren't on the call at our Investor Day. Thanks.
Russell D. Ball: John, it's Russ. Yes, clearly, under U.S. GAAP, we have, as you, I think, alluded to, less flexibility around that reporting. We are looking at providing more information around an equivalent to a 43-101. We're working through some of the legal issues related there, too. We will endeavor, and John's group has been working on this to provide more of that color to let you guys do a better job modeling perhaps at our Investor Day on May 23. So you should look for more granularity around the projects on May 23. It probably won't get us all the way to where you'd like to be, but it'll certainly get us further than where we are today.
Russell D. Ball: No, George, this is Russ. Yes, those -- that line that you see reflected in the financials is largely the dividend paid out of Batu Hijau. We have not declared one. We generally do it annually and do it towards the end of the year, so you shouldn't expect to see something until probably the fourth quarter.
Russell D. Ball: And George, just adding to Richard's comment, the additional investment we've contemplated on and off over the last decade is around a third SAG, so a mill expansion at the existing operation in Indonesia. And then just further on the exploration, we approved yesterday an unbudgeted request for $20 million for helicopter-supported drilling at Elang, which will give you an indication of our perspective on that risk profile.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes, David. It's Gary Goldberg here. We had higher grades in particular in the first quarter, and that was expected. Little better results and what might have been modeled at the one pit, but right now, we're still looking at staying within the guidance that we provided.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yes, we do -- this is Gary again. George, we do see grades down from last year to this year, and that was built into our forecast for the full year production at Boddington. The challenge this past quarter was really mill throughput. We do a combination of some stockpiling there to ensure we get the good grades through the mill. But really, the issue this quarter was around an extended mill shut that went longer by 2 days than what we expected and the conveyor failure that we had with the motors. So don't expect that to continue. And actually, there's been quite an effort going on there, as Richard mentioned, in terms of the mill capacity work that's been done around the group. A lot of work has been done at Boddington to focus on making sure we get that whole mill production process up to speed, and we're really trying to push to make sure we can achieve what we believe is nameplate or maybe a little bit beyond here through the rest of this year.
Gary J. Goldberg: I'm sorry, yes. We look at Boddington's production without the mill shutdown in place getting back in line with what we'd expect for the full year.
