Karyn Ovelmen: Thank you, Natascha. Turning to the next slide. Let's begin with a review of the financial highlights for the quarter. Building upon Tom and Natascha's remarks, Newmont delivered strong operational and financial results in the second quarter. We reported $4.4 billion of revenue at an average realized gold price of $2,347 per ounce and costs applicable to sales of $1,152 per gold ounce, an all-in sustaining cost of $1,562 an ounce, which were higher over the first quarter, primarily due to lower production volumes, higher royalties from a stronger gold price environment and increased sustaining capital this quarter due to spend on tailings work at Cadia and the planned purchase of additional trucks at Merian. Taking everything into account, we reported adjusted EBITDA of approximately $2 billion, driven by solid production volumes and higher gold prices. Adjusted net income was $0.72 per diluted share and was more than 30% higher than the first quarter. The most notable adjustment to net income for the quarter was an approximately $0.20 add-back related to a non-cash impairment to reflect our progress at the conclusion of Phase 1 in the divestment process for North America. As a reminder, assets that are classified as held for sale require a specific evaluation under US GAAP and need to be recorded at the lower, the carrying value or fair value of cost to sell. And we will continue to assess the current carrying value of all assets held for sale each quarter, which may result in future adjustments until the assets are divested. It is important to note that this impairment does not reflect the future potential of these operations in their entirety or what the ultimate purchase price might be. We also generated $1.4 billion of cash flow from operations and $594 million of free cash flow, which does not include the first $180 million payment received from the sale of the Lundin Gold financing facilities announced last quarter. It does include $263 million of unfavorable working capital changes, largely due to a build in stockpiles of $185 million, primarily attributed to Lihir and Telfer, a build in trade and other receivables of $140 million, due to higher grade concentrate produced at Penasquito and the timing of sales at Cadia, and $107 million of reclamation spend, primarily related to the construction of the Yanacocha water treatment facilities. With $166 million in reclamation spent to date, we expect that payments will continue ramping up in the second half of the year, which will be a working capital headwind in the third and fourth quarters. And whilst, we are pleased with the improvement in free cash flow, we are still not satisfied and are working to further improve margins. Looking ahead, we anticipate higher free cash flows in the second half of the year, driven by increased production volumes and lower unit costs, as Tom and Natascha just mentioned. Heading into the second half of the year, we remain firmly on track to achieve our full year guidance of reduction, cost and capital spend. And as Natascha mentioned, production is expected to increase in the third quarter, with the year's strongest performance anticipated in the fourth quarter. Unit cost will be closely correlated to production with the added benefit of full potential improvements and additional synergies realized in the latter part of the year. Today, we announced two divestments, including the monetization of our Batu Hijau deferred payment obligations and the sale of our Lundin Gold financing facilities. In total, these divestitures are expected to generate nearly $530 million in gross proceeds by the end of the year. With this momentum, the benefit of higher commodity prices contributing to enhanced free cash flows and the confidence in our asset divestiture program, we were able to prioritize shareholder returns sooner than anticipated while concurrently executing on debt reductions. Since our last earnings call, we repurchased 5.7 million shares at an average price of $43 per share for a total cost of $250 million, including $104 million repurchased during the second quarter and $146 million in July. And we purchased $250 million in nominal debt for $227 million, or $0.90 on the dollar. Additionally, we maintained an investment-grade balance sheet and ended the quarter with $6.8 billion in total liquidity. And we declared a fixed common second quarter dividend of $0.25 per share, in line with dividend declared for the past two quarters. Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we will continue to execute our balanced capital allocation strategy focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, steadily funding cash-generative capital projects and returning capital to shareholders. With that, I'll pass it back to Tom for closing remarks.
Karyn Ovelmen: Yes and just as a reminder, the accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP requires that there's an advanced process, it's auditable, there's viable buyers and the probability that the divestitures will be completed in 12 months, which for us would then be March of 2025.
Karyn Ovelmen: Sure. Yes, we have time on the debt. So we purposely put out the $1 billion tranche for 2026, and so our commitment was over a 24-month period when we put that in place. So we do have time on the debt. The Batu as well as the Lundin just allowed us to be able to opportunistically in the market do some open market purchases.
Karyn Ovelmen: All three of those, Daniel, provided that opportunity for us. In terms of the pace of the share buybacks as we go forward, that will be driven by our free cash flow realization and proceeds from the divestitures. So as we've just mentioned, we're proceeding very well and are very confident in the ultimate execution on those investments. But we'll pace our share buybacks as we realize those proceeds as well as the free cash flow.
Karyn Ovelmen: Absolutely. As I already indicated, the free cash flow realization and the divestitures will be what drives the share buyback. And administratively, as Tom said, we'll work with the Board if we have to read up the authorization to meet that the proceeds as well as the free cash flow to execute on share buybacks as we go forward.
Karyn Ovelmen: Thanks, Anita. The first half of the year traditionally tends to produce adverse working capital changes. So we expect the free cash flow generation to improve in the second half of the year. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we do have some unfavorable impact. So, you had to go to water treatment. And as you said, yes, spent 166 to-date. And you're right, it's about 400 to 450 to be spent in the second half of the year, with more of that weighted towards the fourth quarter than the third. Maybe just to - and then also just a reminder, the other kind of plan is the remaining stamp-duty, just about $30 million that will be expected to be paid in the third quarter.
Karyn Ovelmen: The build-up in Q2 from Lihir, about a $75 million impact. So the average carrying cost per ounce of the stockpiles increasing from the initial low value that we had on the acquisition and a lot of that has to do with purchase price accounting adjustments.
Karyn Ovelmen: Yes. Just to clarify, that comes out of working capital. But those are actual payments for accruals that have already been recorded on the book. So the expense has already been taken for those. And so it's truly just cash outflow that has been for accruals that are already recorded on the balance sheet. The Yanacocha water treatment facility is the big one. No expectation of any significant changes to what we've been outlining as we go through. And as we've indicated, the spend will be approximately around 600 in total 2024, it goes up higher in '25, and that's above our historical outflow which was annually around $200 million to $300 million. So specific to the Yanacocha liability. We don't expect any other significant increases in that. If anything, we expect that to go back to historical levels beginning in '28-'29 time period.
Karyn Ovelmen: There'll be slight variability as we go through and adjust from a purchase price accounting perspective, but they should be, generally speaking, well set. I think we've had some -- there's some ups and downs in depreciation. They're higher a bit ounces mined at Penasquito, higher ounces mined and acid additions at Ahafo and increased as a result of the drawdown in either at Yanacocha. And all of that partially offset by the decrease that we -- as you report things as assets held for sale, you cease depreciation and amortization on those assets once you put that into that classification. So those will be the big variances as you go forward. But generally speaking, the Newcrest from a purchase price accounting perspective, it's been pretty settled.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks, Karyn. At the start of this year, I outlined the four key commitments that we have made to our shareholders. And I'd like to end today's call with a recap of the progress we have made against them in the second quarter. First and most importantly, we commenced a systematic review of our safety and risk management systems. We safely delivered solid production as planned, keeping us firmly on track to meet our full year guidance for both ounces and costs. We announced meaningful progress on our portfolio optimization commitments with the monetization of our Batu Hijau deferred payment obligations. We realized $100 million in synergies, bringing the total delivered to $205 million, since we closed our acquisition of Newcrest in November last year. We've demonstrated our commitment to shareholder returns, delivering $540 million through both regular dividends and share repurchases. And we strengthened our balance sheet with $250 million of debt reduction. As we enter the second half of this year, I am confident in our ability to deliver high production, more potential improvements and additional synergies, all of which will contribute to lower unit costs in the third and fourth quarters, and execute on our portfolio optimization strategy through the divestment of our non-core assets, and to progress our capital allocation priorities, all positioning Newmont for a strong finish to this year. And with that, I'll thank you for your time today, and turn it back over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Thomas Palmer: And maybe just to build on the debt side, Daniel, there was opportunistically during the second quarter with those process coming through. We've got that tranche sitting out there two years and we'll look to be opportunistic in terms of where there might be some good buying, whilst we manage that period out to when that tranche is due.
Thomas Palmer: And Natascha, maybe just building on that, I think for the second quarter, with ore coming from Chile Colorado, good performance through the mill engine. So we're getting good throughputs and recoveries. So as we - and it's a third quarter that's also got feed primarily coming from Chile Colorado. So if the mill can perform and the grades present, we can potentially see some better lead and zinc because of the ore is coming from Chile Colorado, but it was a bit higher than maybe you were expecting was due to really good mill performance by Dave Meador and the team down there.
Thomas Palmer: And think about – I'll paint a picture this way, and I think you're not too far off the mark. You certainly have to see the synergies getting through - particularly those coming from full potential in the fourth quarter, as those programs get their momentum up. You're certainly going to see the highest quarter four gold ounces in the fourth quarter. That's from some of our key assets that Natascha covered in her comments. The two non-managed joint ventures, so NGM and PV, need to deliver on their commitments and they've got that strong fourth quarter. Our direct costs are pretty stable across the year. And certainly what we're seeing in the first half flowing through the second half, pretty stable. So, I think the picture you're painting in terms of that third quarter weighting to the fourth quarter weighting, is a reasonable position to be thinking about in terms of that weight between the third and the fourth quarter. You will see a step up in the third, and then a step up into the fourth to get to our numbers.
Thomas Palmer: Yes. Certainly, when you think about G&A, and it's the same we saw for Goldcorp, similar size companies, that's around about the mark. So we've largely seen that come through. Still pushing hard on - we've got a strong commercial team working hard on all those fronts. So you're going to see a good amount come from that supply chain work. And then you'll start to see both Lihir and Cadia bit of regress in the fourth quarter. So not much from G&A to percentage coming from supply chain, as that work start to kick in. And then you'll start to see in the fourth quarter some of the full potential of the operation starting to kick through, really, they start to show up in 2025. But again, the split, you're actually not too far off the mark.
Thomas Palmer: No, Matt. We've been clear in our strategy. We have built a portfolio of Tier 1 long-life assets, lever managed operations and nonmanaged joint ventures, something that hasn't been seen before in the gold industry. I think for the first time, we have a long life, very long-life gold mining business with Tier 1 assets. Key to running a long-life portfolio is our discipline around capital allocation. So, if we think about this portfolio going forward and our pipeline of projects, the six big projects sitting in our pipeline, our discipline around the amount of capital we'll put towards sustaining capital for that portfolio, and the $1.3 billion towards development capital doesn't change. It's the discipline around managing our long-life portfolio and having a view on capital that's like two decades out. And thinking about what that means, is key to what we've built. So we'll demonstrate that over time, but the expectation you should expect from us, is that $1.3 billion is the amount of money that we allocate, to reinvest back in the business each and every year.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning, Anita. Thanks. I'll get Karyn will pick up the working capital question and then Natascha on the approach to Telfer discount. I'll leave Karen to begin.
Thomas Palmer: It's estimated that $2 billion that we're committed to excludes proceeds from Lundin and Batu Hijau. So we're committing to at least $2 billion from the divestment of the seven noncore assets.
Thomas Palmer: Autoclave four is the largest of the four autoclaves, represents 40% of the throughput. So still at other three autoclaves running. You get some more recoveries running through those other three autoclaves. So the guidance for Lihir for the year respected that the largest of the autoclaves being down from 120 days shut. And then that you're obviously going to see that impact through predominantly the third quarter and into the start of the fourth. So we're certainly reflecting the impact of that shutdown for Lihir this year in sudden. I think Natascha said in her prepared remarks, the third quarter is similar to the second quarter, and then you'll see the fourth quarter higher as you get that autoclave up and running again with Lihir. It's not too slow of being 50-50 waiting for the year as a consequence of that.
Thomas Palmer: And then, Brian -- thanks, Karyn. In terms of our portfolio, certainly our go-forward portfolio, Yanacocha is an order of magnitude larger in that reclamation liability than any other of operations. So the other big mines, the Penasquito, the Boddington, the Nevada Gold Mines complex, order of magnitude lower. So it's got quite -- Yanacocha make in that respect.
Thomas Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes, the expectation is that as we divest these assets, and particularly when you're a competitive environment, which is what we're seeing, is that, that reclamation liability passes on to the new owner. And I'd also look to our track record as we've sold and rationalized and optimized our portfolio over the last 10 years. So that - that has been part of how we've gone about it. So what you've seen in terms of KCGM or a Red Lake or a [Bahi], similar process going forward.
Thomas Palmer: Thank you, operator, and conscious, we're just at the top of the hour. So thank you all for your time for today, and have a good day, and we'll now look forward to catching up with you soon. Thanks, everyone.
Natascha Viljoen: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, Daniel. Firstly, I just want to reiterate the point that we've been transparent with all parties involved throughout the process. Secondly, I want to reiterate that both the TSS 7 and 8 dams are stable. We're progressing the TSS 7 rehabilitation as planned, and it is all around how do we fall in the sinkhole, placing membranes and preventing in that way any further erosion in those areas. So whilst we're working on the stability on remediating the sinkholes in TSS 7, TSS 8, we've completed the rehabilitation. And we have authorization to continue with a lift on TSS 8 that we are required to do before we can do any more depositioning on that dam. It is on schedule, and we are planning to start up Telfer in the fourth quarter when we - when the rehabilitation and the lift would have been done. And apologies, I realize we're still talking to those and then - we haven't progress to Daniel my apologies.
Natascha Viljoen: Thank you, Tanya. I think as we've spoken about before, we are mining predominantly in Chile Colorado with these first three quarters of the year. As we are progressing a pushback in Penasquito pit. Chile Colorado as you would remember, is higher in the zinc, lead and the other metals. And therefore, our production in those other metals in the first three quarters are higher. We have been progressing this payback in Penasquito a bit faster than expected. So we do expect to be back in the fourth quarter in Penasquito pit, giving us that advantage of higher gold grades in that fourth quarter. And we'll probably see about a 25% increase gold grade in that fourth quarter.
Natascha Viljoen: And in general, and from cost production, we will continue to mine as we know that there's a solution for the tailing stand and as we're working through those solutions. And then, we do have capacity in the plant to catch up to get that production through. And as we get that production through and declare the ounces, we will also declare our unit costs.
