Gary J. Goldberg: No. I think, we're going through the normal process of community consultation and working with the regulatory authorities there, the EPA, to work through that permit approval process.
Gary J. Goldberg: And to be clear, the last of that currency hedging we basically unwound and we're letting the rest of that runoff here, which will happen by the end of, well, maybe the next year.
Gary J. Goldberg: And back to your Tanami question, really no major change in grade expected here going forward. I think what you've seen in that range is consistent with what we expect going forward.
Gary J. Goldberg: In terms of what we expect for production, we had initially expected end of production in 2019. What this does is, extends this out at about 200,000 ounce a year rate through 2024. Pending the results of the prefeasibility study on the work on the gold, copper, sulfides, we could see production as early as 2022, but we've got to go through those studies to really confirm it. In terms of other areas of production, I don't see anything that I would introduce at this stage based on what we're looking at.
Gary J. Goldberg: Really a combination of getting engineering work done, and having that getting the permits to a point where we're comfortable that we can proceed and then bringing it forward for final approval.
Gary J. Goldberg: The latter is correct. The totality would be at 200,000 ounces from – on an average, from 2019 going forward through 2024.
Gary J. Goldberg: No. We basically have put Conga on the shelf for now, pending, seeing a significant change in the local support for that project. I do think that election changes there are a positive sign in terms of what we've heard the President say about the potential to see development and work more closely with local communities and seeing that development. But for the time being, I don't see us in the current price environment, in the current social climate moving that project forward before 2020.
Gary J. Goldberg: No. Good question. I think where we are with our two copper gold producers still in Phoenix and Boddington, so, we still have a place in the copper concentrate market and in producing copper cathodes at Phoenix. When you look at our greenfield exploration, we are really about half of that greenfield exploration is focused on copper gold areas. So, we're not going away or moving away from copper gold, but clearly, our expertise and when you look at our pipeline, I think the next project in there that really is a copper gold project is Estudio Integral, the great copper, gold sulfide resource there that we need to figure out how to be able to bring on in an economic way. So, we're not really moving away from copper, but clearly our production is going to be very gold-centric here going forward.
Gary J. Goldberg: No. It's a good question. And when we acquired CC&V, we indicated that we expected to be able to reduce mining costs by about 10%. And the team there has done a really good job. Things like our contract for tire purchases is an example, as a detail in terms of being able to acquire tires for quite a bit lower than what they were acquiring the tires for before we got involved. I think we continue to look at different ways to improve efficiency. And we've seen that. You're spot on. We did see the higher production in the second quarter as we got first production out of the new leach facility there. So that helped the divisor and helped the overall costs. I think as we go through our plans and preparations here to look through our 2017 budgets, I'll be looking to see where we can get more than just the 10% in terms of mining cost improvements. I'm looking at our COO next door to me here.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think when you look at the different closing – pre-close requirements, we're still looking at a 60-day to 90-day window at this stage. So, I think the best we can give at this stage. We are progressing, working with the buyer and working with the various government approvals that we need to get and the other stages that are in there. So, it's all moving forward, but we do need, fairly complex transaction and need to work through all the different details.
Gary J. Goldberg: Well, in regards to helping with malaria in Ghana, I think we actually have made some really good strides on that one already. It's a good thing we've got good folks on the team who know how to help with those things. First of all, on your oil price question, we've taken our long-term oil price assumption from $65 a barrel to $50 a barrel in those assumptions. So, we'll continue to keep an eye on that, but that's the change you see reflected, in part, along with the Northwest Exodus and the changes to our longer term cost outlook that we provided in guidance. In terms of focus, clearly, we're focused now on making sure we get a successful transition. As I've said, our Batu Hijau is a great mine with great employees, want to make sure we give a good handover of the operation to the buyers. So, a lot of focus on that here over the next three months. And we've got four, now five, with Northwest Exodus projects that are going through in some cases their final stage; Merian bringing that online successfully is a big focus; Long Canyon, early next year; Tanami getting that through; and the rest at CC&V; and then of course, Northwest Exodus. So, I want to make sure the team's focused on continuing to bring those projects online, on budget or below and on schedule or sooner than schedule. So, that's really the big focus. I think exploration wise, we continue to see that as a core competency with the team here and our ability to add to existing operations and the work we're doing in the greenfield areas that we've shown on some prior slides in the past in terms of exploration in different areas around the world continues to be a focus for us.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah, I'll start off with that, Anita. I think what we targeted when we put the current gold price linked dividend payout schedule together and that was about a year-and-a-half, almost two years ago now, was based on the way we saw our production and cash flow out over the next several years tied in with our need to continue to pay down debt and invest in projects. And that was based on about a 20% to 25% of our free cash flow paid back out in the dividend. As we look at the progress we've made on debt reduction over the last couple of years, the progress we've made on projects and the reduction in the cost in some of those and the continued improvement in the cost and efficiency of our operations that gives us the opportunity to look at changing the slope and changing the payout amount. And we're going to look at that. We review our plans for the next five years at the board meeting in October, our 2017 plan as we call it. And as part of that, we'll review whether we want to change that payout percentage, once again looking at what the cash needs will be for debt reduction, for investment in projects and also for returns to shareholders. So that's the process that we'll be going through here in the next three months.
Gary J. Goldberg: I want to make sure that they get the recovery facility bedded down good and operating well there. Right now, we're taking the carbon over to process over at the original leach facility. That needs to come online. So, just, it's more a matter of being cautious to make sure we get the rest of the project finish before we modify that production guidance.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. The water treatment you'd see some of that in Ghana, I think a little bit more in Peru quite frankly in terms of where those are, tailings facilities, Ghana as well. And I'm trying – we'll give obviously more detail on it when we do our guidance here and present that later this year for the future five years.
Gary J. Goldberg: I definitely see both of those projects standalone being able to achieve that type of a hurdle rate. And then, there's synergy value of doing them both together. So, we'll give more details on that at the time that we would approve the project and announce it to the market.
Gary J. Goldberg: It would be part of the Carlin underground feed that you see. And this year, we had about 5,000 ounces. And just to talk about it, we've got a ventilation raise and then the fans to put in which would occur by the end of the first half of next year and then further development, really it's into 2018 before you see Exodus up to full production. Getting that ventilation raise and also helps gives us air so we can get out further towards the Northwest beyond what you saw in the one slide to the right and access more areas for exploration.
Gary J. Goldberg: We really have been in the middle of commissioning activities currently. When you look at things like power station, that's been tested and commissioned and handed over to operations. We're now in the process of beginning to test the mill, and doing that with waste to make sure that all of the different elements of that work well. So, we're kind of working through from there into the rest of the system. I mentioned we've got quite a bit of ore already stockpiled there. So, we're in good shape from the mine standpoint and all set up. So, it's really now just going through the different steps of commissioning and handing over to operations to different facilities. The team's done really a great job in constructing the facility and looking forward to it producing first gold here later this quarter.
Gary J. Goldberg: Really the major things are all complete. We're now in the wind down. We've been winding down now for several months in terms of the number of contract employees working there to build the operation. So, we're now into that stage of really switching over to commissioning and punch lists.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. It's really a two-step process. It's not so much refractory. I guess, depending on what you call a copper, gold, sulfide concentrate, I'd never called that refectory in my past life. But I guess, where it needs ongoing processing beyond that whether it's a smelter, which you could do in this case or what we have been studying and testing actually here in Denver at some of the labs is using an autoclave to separate the copper and the gold out from that concentrate, and also put the arsenic in a stable form for storage. And that's really the arsenic that's the challenge here in terms – the technical challenge that we're working through. We believe we have a technical path. We've got to work through the different steps. The other part of this process would involve a copper leach process. And we've been testing the bioleaching and the FXEW (48:20) process. Actually, it's not only Integral for recovery of copper from the leach pads, but it also would be Integral with the part of the process post processing concentrates through the autoclave to produce the copper. So, it's a little complex. And we're working through the details, but that's at a high level with different components we're going to be using.
Gary J. Goldberg: You could produce it, but there's very few places in the world you can get that processed, and you'd suffer big penalties as part of that by diluting. There is a small part of the ore body that has lower arsenic, so you could segregate and produce some concentrate for sale with a lower arsenic concentrate. That would be part of the detail we'd be going through in the mine planning, but that wouldn't be something that supports a concentrator in its own right.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you, Lucas. I think in regards to share buybacks, it sits a little further down the list. I think more importantly, we'll look at what changes we'd make to the long-term dividend payout before that would fit into any consideration. And I think the fact that we do have a gold price linked dividend, we do take into account higher cash flows as they come from the higher gold price and look to share that back with shareholders. In terms of M&A, we were successful last year with our acquisition of CC&V in a lower gold price environment at a time when AngloGold needed the cash. And it was an opportunity that we were able to capitalize on and we see that in the results in terms of how that fits in. Where it makes sense, where it fits and improves the quality of our portfolio is something we'd always consider, but it's got to be done at a value that makes sense to us and to our shareholders.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think the expertise we have in the current operating regions is good, and it's good to leverage that expertise there in the first instance. You look at the projects that we have in line at Ghana that we've talked about for consideration not only later this year, but out into the future with Ahafo North and other potential underground developments, one that I mentioned that we've added to the list at Akyem. Clearly, the regions that we're in we're comfortable with. There's a couple areas exploration-wise I pointed out in the map before that we're looking. Ethiopia would be one area that we're looking at, very early stage development. We're looking in the northeast part of Australia, in Queensland, obviously in a region that we understand well. So, we'll continue. We always look at all of the operations we have, projects and then external opportunities on the same value versus risk matrix, where we look at value in terms of NPV and return. We look at mine life and the position of the asset on the cost curve. Risk will look at the geopolitical risk and the technical risk of the asset. And if it's something that can improve our portfolio characteristics overall then it'd be something we'd consider.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. That'd be looking at our current longer term assumptions hurdles that we like to see achieved at $1,200 gold and at a $2 copper price.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. It's a bit of how you might bucket the capacity between both the mill expansion and I mentioned the synergies with the underground. So, we're continuing to work through in the feasibility study what the final amount is as we go through it, and then provide more detail here as we would announce the project's progression later this year. Just coming back on your question on Estudio Integral, and I know that using those types of prices we see 5.7 million gold equivalent ounces in that potential development. And that's a mixture, obviously, about what I would say, probably about one-third gold and two-thirds copper at this stage, but that still moves around a little bit.
Gary J. Goldberg: We'll get more detail as we bring it forward here in October to provide you and the rest of the market. Some of it's just better understanding of grades too because we've been doing lots of drilling and all the different elements or hardness figures into that as well.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. We'll run through and provide the detail in terms of how we expect both the plan and the plant to be operating.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you all for joining the call this morning. The Newmont team delivered another great quarter, and I'd like to thank them. Our sites are set on raising our performance to the next level. This means moving from one of the safest companies in the mining sector to one of the safest among all industries, taking our asset portfolio from good to great, building a strong and diverse talent pipeline and maintaining leading environmental, social and governance practices and generating the financial flexibility we need to fund our best projects, repay debt and return cash to shareholders. Thank you again, and have a safe day.
Mary Lauren Brlas: And we've continued to optimize that as we signed additional work and that's part of just our normal process of making sure we layer in the cash flows and the work appropriately.
Mary Lauren Brlas: No. We've done a bit of currency hedging, but certainly on the commodity side, we feel that our balance sheet is strong enough to manage where we're at and we want to make sure that that upside all accrues to our investors.
Mary Lauren Brlas: The only thing I'd add to that would be projects in Ghana. Assuming we continue to bring those forward in the back half of the year, that will be quite a few projects that we will have up and running in our process at the same time. So, that'll be a big focus.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Yeah. And the only thing I would add is that when we did adjust the dividend the last time we said, we had to make a real priority on debt pay down. And we've made so much progress as Gary said that we feel comfortable that we could probably make less of a priority on that as particular aspect going forward.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Yeah. A lot of times you see that type of thing in the first half of the year as you file your tax return for the previous year. So, the team will continue to focus on that, and I do think our tax team does a great job of focusing on cash. Sometimes you see this volatility in the P&L, but we've got them focused on cash, which I think is most important. You'll probably continue to see the volatility in the P&L, but I don't think you'll see the refunds from a cash standpoint. In fact, we may see some a little bit of working capital flipping in the back half of the year.
Mary Lauren Brlas: How many ounces, I don't know the answer to that. We're going to have to get back to you, Tanya, on that.
