Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy. Turning now to Slide 20. Our capital allocation philosophy remains unchanged and continues to balance the following three priorities: reinvesting in our business through disciplined investments in exploration and organic growth projects; maintaining financial strength and flexibility to sustain the business across cross cycles; and returning cash to shareholders. Newmont continues to set new standards as the clear industry leader in shareholder return which we further differentiated with a 50% increase in our quarterly dividend that we announced yesterday, bringing our quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share and an annualized dividend rate to $1.50 per share. This was our second substantial dividend increase this year, demonstrating the strength and stability of our business. Turning to Slide 21 for more details. During 2019 and 2020, we'll have returned more than $2.5 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, an amount that is more than a total of our next eight competitors combined. Our employees' take the share third quarter dividend represents a 186% increase from the third quarter dividend in 2019 and highlights the strength of our financial position and our ability to continue kind of industry-leading dividend, mostly simultaneously investing and develop our most profitable projects. Our most recent dividend increase was the same within our newly established dividend framework. This framework provided our shareholders with the stability of advice annualized dividend of $1 per share calibrated at a $400 gold price assumption. And the potential to receive 40% to 60% of the incremental free cash flow generated at gold prices above $1,200 per ounce. Our third quarter dividend was calibrated at a conservative and stable $1,500 gold price assumption. As we have disclosed previously, Newmont generates incremental free cash flow of approximately $400 million for every $100 change in the gold price above $1,200. So at an assured $1,500 gold price, we would generate approximately $1.2 million of incremental free cash flow annually. Our third quarter dividend increase was calibrated to share 40% of that incremental $1.2 million free cash flow that Newmont will generate at an assured $1,500 gold price. That 40% is approximately $490 million. This equates to $0.60 per share annualized, an increase of $0.60 per share annualized have ramped $1 per share dividend. As a result, we’re pleased to offer our shareholders an annualized dividend of $1.50 per share. We chose a conservative $1,500 assumed gold price for the calibration of our third quarter dividend to maintain financial discipline and prudence as well as to instill stability and predictability into our dividend increase framework. We will typically reassess the gold price semiannually and recommend incremental dividend increases when we believe gold prices have revised at levels of at least $300 per ounce higher than they applied to establish our prior dividend increase. While the dividend will be fetched quarterly by our board, the framework is planning to ensure stability and predictability and we will evaluate the additional dividend in gold price increments of approximately $300 per ounce. In addition to this framework, we had a number of tools about deploying excess cash based upon the circumstances at the time. These include further strengthening the balance sheet for debt repayments, opportunistic share buybacks, and additional dividends. Our commitment to industry-leading shareholder returns is evidenced by our track record, and we're confident in our operation delivery and discipline will enable us to continue to enhance that record outperformance. With that, I will wrap it up on Slide 22. Over the last 18 months, Newmont has assembled the gold industry's leading portfolio, our world-class operations and projects in top tier jurisdictions and will deliver more than 7 million gold equivalent ounces per year for the next decade and beyond. Our ability to generate substantial free cash flow across the thought process is unmatched and our significantly reaching high gold prices was demonstrated by our record third quarter free cash flow of $1.3 billion. As we continue in our 100th year, Newmont is leading the gold mining industry with a foundation that is stronger than ever, and a proven strategy to deliver long-term value while improving lives. I'm very excited about what the future holds at Newmont and I look forward to keeping you updated on our performance. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for opening the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thanks, Fahad, and good morning. I will talk regarding some cash results and then give you some full results of where we're delivering net value. Yes, we're on track to deliver facility targets, as we've committed, $500 million next year is still very much our commitment that's incorporated in our long-term guidance. I will update our long-term guidance in December in accordance with that. Just this week we have been meeting with our board to review our plan, which forms the basis of our guidance. But I remain very confident we will deliver at least $500 million of free cash flow next year. And as I say, it is still already in our long-term guidance. Rob, you want to give a few stories [ph].
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Tyler. I will pick up Yanacocha -- Ahafo North will come first, it will be early in the new [indiscernible] Ahafo North which is working through with the API on the final permit. It's absolutely down the middle of our warehouse. The blueprints are the same as the original Ahafo, [indiscernible] very, very straightforward mine to do, I repeat a mine mill, 20, 30 kilometers from existing Ahafo operation. And a lot of the work particularly in the first four months is a relocation of the road and then clearing of top soil and starting the initial [indiscernible] all of which is done with local Ghanaian workforce. And we build off the project that is still in place at Ahafo having just recently finished the Ahafo mill expansion and to do underground, so very well-positioned with Ahafo North and lots of water bodies closed, [indiscernible] appears to be closed. At Yanacocha Sulfides, in second half of next year, still doing the final engineering work around the feasibility study and again pretty straightforward in terms of bringing that project 12-months approved. So the layback of the existing Yanacocha pit mine today at Yanacocha starts deploying equipment to that layback. And at the Yanacocha underground mine which we have already developed quite extensively so both [indiscernible] evolve, will advance. The key word is around the construction of a concentrator and the – we will apply on the existing footprint. And again, as you approve that project and do your early works, a lot of that is civil works to lay the foundations for substantial processing plants, so not so unique COVID-related restrictions to being able to bring that project on as we enrich them.
Tom Palmer: Our board will look at every quarter, Greg. But I'll look back at a semiannual gold price period. So if you look at the discussion we went through with the board this week include that dividend, we look back the semiannual period track on is the first half of this year, gold was averaging around $1,550 for the first half of the year, we took conservative view to lower that to $1,500 and applied a 40% on the lower end of that range to that $1,500. So we'll look every quarter as a board but they look back over that semiannual period.
Tom Palmer: I think as you use our framework and my -- did those calculations, and you saw that in your report this morning, that is absolutely the discussion that our board will be going through. So you could do that calculation side of 40% to 60%, could be somewhere between 0 to 20, 0 to 40, that would be subject to the board, looking at not just the gold price but all of a number of other factors. But that's just sort of discussion and we'll be having that framework allow us to have that discussion, and allows us you and the investment community to make those determination.
Tom Palmer: Yes, it's just purely a factoid. We don't need to do anything other than develop an organic project pipeline, we'll get a natural exposure to copper at a time it will be an important thing in the global community.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Chris. It's round down to $2 billion where 51.35% is in Yanacocha, so it's roughly a $1 billion to Newmont's account and its three-year development. But you look at the big -- the three big capital projects, and if you look at our -- going to model our development capital going out on the back of those, certain pieces for Tanami, certain pieces for Ahafo North, and a billion for Yanacocha Sulfides over the next four maybe five years. That's about roughly I'll say on development capital. [indiscernible] and that's another important factor behind the -- we've got the primaries, we've got a steady $1 dollars in sustaining capital, steady $400 million combined between advanced projects and exploration, and roughly a steady $800 million to $1 billion in development capital in mine time. Our prime work that allow us to share excess cash to our shareholders.
Tom Palmer: Yes, I think the ones to keep in mind that will mean our project pipeline is what we don't show and is seeking a shaft at Turquoise Ridge around 38.5% of that, our [indiscernible] expansion which we earn 40% of that getting close to full fund, so there are a couple of other very important catalysts within the Newmont portfolio and then we will be continuing to optimize the three big mega projects will operate more at a norm. And we have to do one of those at one time, very end of that mix. So far more and overall on the second underground of Ahafo, Apensu moving underground Ahafo seems to layback [indiscernible] push through execution. And then Coffee, we’re just starting up a drilling program in calendar winter. And Coffee would be another potential Ahafo North type project that we could be bringing through the follow-on, we’ve got Tanami 2, Ahafo North, it’s Coffee a potential follow-on from that so plenty of activity happening in that feasibility study front.
Tom Palmer: We don't need to do much assessing at the time relative further, I implemented the first autonomous mine in the Pilbara almost 10 years ago. So it is proven technology, there's no piloting or assessing, it's changing a fleet either, and it's going to be a business case. So once you went through the existing operations and you got to have enough log in front of you and a value proposition to change that obviously. Boddington presented that business case, so there has to be business case. And then just some, very important part of that statement is improving lives. And we're going to think about those communities in which we live and work and whether Autonomous Haulage is part of that equation when you think about some of the locations that we're in. So we'll continue to assess whether there's opportunities for Autonomous Surface Haulage there is plenty of opportunities for underground autonomous operation, and we're doing quite a bit of that already. So I expect to see more underground autonomous before another open pit. The real opportunity for us is to increase the value proposition around those mega projects with sort of pre-feasibility. When you have within your portfolio an autonomous operation, you can train and you will bolster [ph] in that operations and underpin a base case for those projects, too bigger risk to be doing your first radio with a sort of fall into a brand new project. So that's one of the strategic elements of that.
Tom Palmer: Not quite, Anita. I think it'd be a lower number. But I categorized by the two broad categories I have for projects are major and mega. For major project, anything $300 million, could be anything from $300 million up to $1 billion. And then mega project is anything greater than $1 billion, that's actually consistent from my experience with the projects, different way we implement those two types of projects. So Coffee is similar size to Ahafo North, more accountable, I'd say different place of the work. So --
Tom Palmer: That's correct, Anita. So that's one of those projects moving to full fund. Then those projects will take some of the free cash flow that we're showing there, however that's only showing free cash flow from gold. It's not showing the free cash flow from the other metals, so that that challenge you read from both of those perspectives.
Tom Palmer: Those projects are in the back-end -- back end of five years. But they are very important projects, I'm excited to be able to bring them forward and show you what those projects stood for production protocol and cost.
Tom Palmer: This is the time year-on-year [indiscernible] in exploration, Anita, 80% of that's being in Newmont, it’s been around conversions and extending lives.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Mike and we're really pleased with the question from you each quarter. Look forward to have a question from you each quarter. I will pass it over to Rob to give you some color on that.
Tom Palmer: Yes, Mike it’s again I wasn't on that tour, which I think might -- we have touched on it in terms of geological overview that Chris Robinson peaked, although we've done a pad or drilling since your update literally.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Michael. We're quoting what amount until our 2030 targets, but we're resetting out our mission targets both [indiscernible] but to a science base and we’re also providing an aspirational target for 2050. And because we've got a long line to follow, we can actually see after that far, and just talk about how we support the global community in terms of how we develop our projects and our operations. We have -- our portfolio had a natural move to underground mining. So as we move to more underground and open pit, we reduce both our emissions and intensity and carbon sizes, we look at where our power sources are coming from. But all that we can do to convert power and we’re pulling power off the grid, what the supplies are doing, how we can encourage supplies to, encourage conditioned intensity, for instance, in Ghana we supported installation of solar power cells that go into the grid as part of that, that process. And then if we're serious, then we need to be thinking about what we're doing with our investments to ensure that we’re around with it, we're reducing our emission intensity, so that is the move to more electric equipment. The move to autonomous haulage allow us to diesel fired trucks and you're more efficient, because the automation doesn't have the human element in terms of how our engines are operated. We then look at different fuel sources. We already apply a carbon price to some of our key investments $20 a ton and $40 a ton to assess what we do. Our full potential program, our full continuous improvement program, a key element of that is improving energy efficiency, which brings improve the cost, improve productivity, and reduce emissions. And we need to think about and that the industry needs to be part of the discussion around where are we putting our money, where our amount is with these targets and with our explorations and starting to develop technologies that can ultimately lead to a carbon neutral world and make the device we're having right now. I think if you want to be a leader in this industry, then you have to be demonstrating through your actions, the industry leadership. So we're having those debates and stay tuned we're going to talk about our new targets next month. And we continue to talk about how we can minimize in weeks and months beyond that.
Tom Palmer: Thank you operator and thank you everyone for joining us today. And please you and your families stay safe and well. Thank you.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Tom and thanks for the question, Fahad. I find a way the engine of our predominance is in Penasquito and that team continues to do particularly well and have over exceeded this year. And as a remainder, the key areas that we're focused on are primarily the front-end of the process plan to allow more water flow through the mill. And we've successfully done that in states. In terms of the mining initiatives, it is about improving the fragmentation to enable more ducting through the plant, but also just bringing greater and greater discipline into how we blast, how would you market, how the shovels dig, et cetera. But beyond that, we've also moved into the total cost of ownership and the supply chain side of things. So, the procurement of non-OEM engineered parts, just to name a few, but we've got 45 initiatives on the order and they're all delivering good value. So very, very pleased with how things are going.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Tom. And really just to build on that is that it also highlights how Newmont is living and managing the constitution with the virus. The Penasquito to give everybody on the line, a sense that when we talk about COVID testing, it's easy to think, yes, that's fairly simple. But in Mexico, we've got 18 testing centers, we've got seven at various airports throughout Mexico, we've got seven at various major bus stations throughout Mexico. And we've got four testing stations onsite, that that also is required to staff those up with nurses and we've got 56 nurses and personnel operating those 18 centers. And as you can imagine, since COVID started, we have performed 10s and 10s of thousands of tests to make sure that our people are safe to go to the site. And also we're testing before people leave the site, so they can go back to the communities safely and with the full knowledge that are clear the virus. But I think that story from Penasquito really highlight just as Tom said, the effort and the commitment that our teams have to make sure that we operate throughout this virus very, very safely.
Rob Atkinson: Hey, Mike. Good morning. It really is the simplicity of it and the lack of complexity, to be honest, that obviously is an existing name that just needs to be watered, we've got a good geological model there, we can use the current plant infrastructure. And it also provides us with kind of 10, 11,12 years of mine life that allows us to further explore the bottom, the oil pond and the do orebodies. So it really was just a fairly simple value equation. And we just don't know the simplest road, but also the most value accretive road.
Rob Atkinson: We’re just doing the studies at the moment. And as that slides indicated is that we’re still at the early stages. So I would expect we'll be able to give you more of a timeline in next year, once we've progressed a bit more. But just kind of rule of thumb that we're expecting, it's going to be a three to four year kind of planning, preparation stage. And then we're expecting around the 12 year, 13 year kind of life at between 150,000 to 200,000 and scheme of things. So that's broad brush, but certainly make its early days, the team is working hard on at the moment to come up with suitable main designs and watching schedules and certainly in the New Year, we'll be able to provide more color.
Rob Atkinson: No, not one. But it literally is just a stone's throw away. It's less than 30 kilometers from the underground.
Rob Atkinson: And certainly, there's a huge amount of synergies that we can get there. It is an open pit, but it's also got underground potential as well. So in terms of proximity, it’s very, very close, which allows us to potentially use the existing infrastructure. And that's certainly one that, the team is focused very hard on, as I mentioned that the drilling program, we've struggled this year because of COVID, not being allowed to drill on average on land. But we've got those approvals and hold for the right season where you can [indiscernible] pad again.
Rob Atkinson: So if I could just add just to build on that, Michael it's Dean Gehring, who leads our Technical Services also employing some key specialists in this domain. And we've got power and electricity specialists, which will really help us in terms of not only managing the current power that we're pulling from that, whether it's the stranded power or whether it's from the grid. But also working with the suppliers, as Tom said about the future, whether it's gas plants, solar plants, other type of electricity plants. So again, it isn't just where the targets is, we're actually building the teams that we need to do that work.
