David Garofalo: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Steady project execution in the third quarter during a transition period at our flagship Peñasquito mine continued the process of expanding and de-risking our operating mines towards achieving our 20/20/20 production growth and cost reduction objectives. At the same time with our renewed focus on exploration, we essentially replaced gold reserve depletion across Goldcorp operated assets establishing a strong foundation to achieve our gold reserve target of 60 million ounces by 2021. Along with our third quarter results, we are providing updated guidance for the fourth quarter and full year estimates. Goldcorp expects to produce 620,000 ounces of gold at all-in sustaining cost, or AISC, of $750 per ounce in the fourth quarter of 2018. The reduction in our full year guidance was primarily attributable to lower than expected gold production for Musselwhite during the construction phase of its materials handling project, the cessation of equity accounting of gold production from Leagold earlier in the year after its merger with Brio Gold as well as lower than budgeted grades and recoveries of Pueblo Viejo. However, all other mines remain within the previous guidance ranges and we still expect Cerro Negro and Éléonore to exit 2018 at optimum production rates. During the third quarter of 2018, Goldcorp continued to advance our organic growth opportunities and projects making significant progress on key permitting and development milestones. At Peñasquito, the pyrite leach project, or PLP, completed construction. First gold in commercial production are expected in the fourth quarter of 2018. The materials handling project has achieved 80% overall project construction at Musselwhite. Capital cost of the project remained on budget. While the majority of major infrastructure remains on track for completion in the first quarter of 2019, lower-than-expected productivity and ground support installation has resulted in commissioning now being expected by the third quarter of 2019. Further important project milestones were achieved at the Century Gold project, where our project description was submitted to regulatory authorities and the permitting process was initiated and at the Coffee project, which completed the adequacy phase with the territorial regulator allowing for advancement to the public consultation phase, which is expected to be completed during the fourth quarter. We have made a next step in our new $350 million sustainable efficiency objective. As you may recall $250 million of these efficiencies were achieved by the second quarter of this year. During the third quarter of 2018, an additional $30 million of efficiencies were identified and are expected to be realized in early 2019. Finally, we are reporting our 2018 reserves of 52.8 million ounces. Reserves increased at Musselwhite and at Cerro Negro two of our more exciting assets where we expect further upside from exploration. Overall, reserve additions at Goldcorp operated sites essentially replaced depletion over the 12 months period as 1.9 million ounces of new gold reserves were added at existing operations. In addition, growth in byproduct metal reserves led to a 2.6% increase in our gold equivalent reserves. Our third quarter financial results include gold production of 503,000 ounces at all-in sustaining costs of $999 per ounce compared to 633,000 ounces at all-in sustaining costs of $827 per ounce during the third quarter of 2017. The production variance comes from Peñasquito’s processing of low grade stockpile during the commissioning phase of the PLP, a lower grade sequence quarter at Cerro Negro and production impacts of the construction of the materials handling system at Musselwhite. AISC was driven by up lower metals production including reduced byproducts from low-grade stockpile at Peñasquito as overall operating costs remained on plan. The net loss for the third quarter was $101 million or $0.12 per share compared to net earnings of $111 million or $0.13 per share for the third quarter of 2017. Net earnings were impacted by non-cash foreign exchange losses of $37 million primarily rising of deferred tax balances. The resulting adjusted net loss was $0.07 per share. Adjusted operating cash flows were $192 million for the quarter compared to $350 million for the third quarter of 2017. With that, I will turn it over to Todd to discuss our operational performance during the quarter.
David Garofalo: Yes. So as I mentioned earlier we have implemented an auxiliary shift in the mines, that was not a ramp up, that was really a step change that occurred in day one, that additional tonnage, we are on pace with the numbers we have given you in the MD&A. So I am confident that we are delivering that. And as I said, the mill is handling that tonnage very comfortably. So I have a lot of confidence as the mines are producing it and the mill is more than capable of taking it. So we are on that pace today.
David Garofalo: Yes, David, as we continue to advance our planning process here, we will provide a bit more of that, but clearly, we do expect Cerro Negro at that optimum production rate next year and expect another strong year from Cerro Negro. We are in the middle of that planning process now and we will provide that guidance to you in our Investor Day in January.
David Garofalo: Yes, David. So, as we have come out of the Q3 on the stockpile we are seeing the great respond as we expected. And you are correct we expect to achieve that grade guidance we gave you prior for Peñasquito. I am very comfortable we are seeing the mine’s response as we expected, we are exposing ore in Chile Colorado and Peñasco and both of those are reconciling as planned. So you know Peñasquito is on the upswing and as we are expecting a strong recovery year for us next year at Peñasquito as we come out of the strip and the grades are performing as expected.
David Garofalo: Yes, it’s a great point, Greg. Thanks for the question. Because Chile Colorado is a pretty significant component of the ore feed in Q4 while the grades are there, this is sedimentaceous ore out of Chile Colorado which does carry a component of organic carbon. So given that fact, we have that we are estimating perhaps a bit lower recovery on that material for the quarter, so it sort of decouples from call it historic Peñasco grades of that recoveries on that sort of grade.
David Garofalo: And I think Greg, it’s important to note that our expectation in terms of incremental gold production recovery, silver recovery or like of mine haven’t changed it at Peñasquito’s result of the PLP investment.
David Garofalo: I will let Paul talk to where we think the sources of reserve growth are going to come from and he has been quite specific about that material and where it is going to come from. But it is aspirational because it was always subject to drilling whereas our production and cost targets can be quite easily supported by financial models and spreadsheets and why not. So until we do the drilling, until we do the study work we can’t say definitively that we are going to convert that, so there is an aspirational element to it. But I will let Paul interject and talk about again the sources of reserve growth and why it has comprehensive…
David Garofalo: John, in terms of gold, essentially our own 100% operated mines replaced depletion and we were impacted on Pueblo Viejo where its straight depletion and we had no ability to be able to replace that depletion. And then with regard to Coffee, essentially we have got a lot of exploration upside having taken the project over from a junior, we have applied our geological rigor and discipline in terms of geological models just statistical modeling and we felt prudent that at this stage, while the global gold ounce total remain the same that we reclassified some of that material, but we are confident that being able to bring that back in as we continue to complete the detailed infill drilling over the next year. And then we have got a whole portfolio of early stage targets within a very large ground holding and so we are confident that our initial mine plan will have reserve base of just over 2 million ounces.
David Garofalo: Certainly. Yes, essentially with La Fortuna and Relincho, we remain relatively consistent. And you point out underground potential, I want to be clear that there is no reserve on that yet, but we are certainly doing the work for an opportunity that we see forming under La Fortuna for additional reserve growth there, but what we see obviously was more around La Fortuna than Relincho.
David Garofalo: Sure. Thank you for your question. What I would say as we’ve made this business significantly more efficient than what we inherited several years ago, back in 2015, we produced about 3.5 million ounces of gold at $900 an ounce, and even with the smaller production basis year, we’re expecting to deliver substantially lower all-in sustaining costs, so, we have seen significant efficiencies brought into our business. We’ve grown the reserve base in an industry that’s actually seen a 50% decline in reserves over the last five years, we’ve added about 7% to our reserve base since the beginning of our 2020 plan largely around our operating assets and we are improving our mine plans. We’re still in a significant upward trajectory in our production over the next three to five years and we’re continuing to drive down our all-in sustaining costs both through our efficiency objectives and through the economies of scale inherent and expanding our existing operations. We’ve also added a pipeline of three significant projects in the last couple of years that put this in a enviable position in terms of delivering long-term value creation, namely our own discovery, Century in our backyard Porcupine, the addition of Labeling Yarn [ph] as we bring that to the stage gating and feasibility work and expect to make an investment decision on that over the next couple of years, and our large-scale mineral endowment in Norte Abierto. And I would say in both of those cases in Chile, we’re investing capital responsibly and that we’re consolidating these districts that we bought them cheaply and we’re – in consolidating these districts we’re significantly reducing the capital footprint and being very responsible stewards of capital, but we’re not building duplicate infrastructure beside each other on separately owned land positions. We are consolidating land in those areas and we’re allocating capital in a disciplined way to generate strong rates of return. It’s a long-dated gain, we understand that, and obviously, I understand at this point with the current quarterly results as we are in a good track to achieve a significant production growth as soon as this quarter with significant lower all- in sustaining costs.
David Garofalo: Yes. I don't find that premise for the simple reason that we’ve seen a significant compression in multiples across the entire sector this year. Yes, we've underperformed, but what I would also say is we significantly derisked the portfolio by delivering on our expansion plans and we've done so on time and on budget. In fact, the reason we had a poor third quarter is because we delivered the Pyrite Leach project ahead of schedule and we decided to prioritize low-grade material in our flagship mine and flip around the course, so we’re going to see in Q4 what we expected in Q3. So, it was the acceleration of that project that led to an unusually weak third quarter, it was supposed to be Q4. So, I'm very, very pleased with how our operating team and our project teams have delivered our projects, they are on time and on budget. We’ve executed very well, we’re derisking these projects and we are setting ourselves up for sustained higher production at sustained lower costs. I'm also very proud of the fact that we’ve run $250 million of efficiencies out of our business. Our costs would have been a lot higher with this lower production base without those efficiencies. And I’m also proud that we’ve been able to extend that program out another year another $100 million. We still see a lot of opportunities to bring efficiencies out of our business even as the industry itself has reached an inflection point in all-in sustaining costs, redundancy costs within our peer companies go up and we’re still going in the opposite direction in terms of our cost structure.
David Garofalo: Yes. As I said, we are essentially 100% long-haul stoping now and Red Lake as opposed to a lot of cut and field mining that was done in the past. I would tell you looking at it I would say very consistent throughputs with where we are today is our expectation with Red Lake. We have been working very hard to move, make that transition and get both of those mills full. Cost I think is an area that we have opportunities and we are continuing to look at driving those costs down, but I think this quarter is really reflective of what you would look at going forward in terms of tonnage for Red Lake, but again, we are going to be pleased to give you an update in January of how we see next year shaping up at Red Lake.
David Garofalo: So, what’s left to be commissioned there is essentially, CPP is fully functional operating for the PLP back end of it, we have essentially have had slurry through the entire plan. What’s left is to turn on the leach circuit there. We have done some of initial call it pre-commissioning of float sales, things are working, pumps are working everything is going through. So, again I think that we are very much on track. That’s a project that execution was some of the best I have ever seen, one of the safest executed projects I have seen and all of that discipline is translating over into our commissioning activities, so we are not very much on track with that and by the end of year we expect to have a fully commissioned and in commercial production.
David Garofalo: Yes, obviously we think we towards the last part of the quarter is when we see this achieving the commercial production side of it, but again slurry is running through the plant today and it’s a matter right now of beginning the leaching circuit which we are prepared to do, not an issue everything is on track.
David Garofalo: What I would say Tanya is it’s very much aligned with the guidance that we have provided there. So we have come out of these stockpiles. We are feeding from both of the pits at this point in time and the plant is responding as we have indicated it would in the MD&A.
David Garofalo: That is still very much in our plan. In fact we have got some work ongoing right now where we are identifying those opportunities that we are capitalizing on the opportunities that we see, so that is still very much in our plan for Peñasquito.
David Garofalo: It is absolutely. And actually this is an area that I think I am very pleased with where we are at. As I mentioned, we saw an immediate step change on October 1 against the Q3 tonnage.
David Garofalo: We’re seeing that mine jump up to into the 3,700 ton a day range from the mines themselves and the mill has had – has no problems whatsoever at that tonnage level. So, we’re very much on pace with what we put in – into the MD&A there.
David Garofalo: Yes. The grade is on track in October. I want to say that the grades that really drive that come in late November and December as we transitioned back into some of the higher-grade stopes in the Mariana Central. But to-date, the grade is tracking well and we still see the opportunity for that overall implied 14 gram grade that, that the numbers would equate to.
David Garofalo: Yes. Again, Éléonore is very much on pace with the numbers we provided here. Mining is – what I’m very pleased about with Éléonore is, they've got a number of – they’re about two months ahead of themselves in development on ore, which gives me a lot of confidence that they are more than capable of delivering that uplift in tonnage for Éléonore, things are going very well there. Plan is very much intact and month to-date, they are right on pace.
David Garofalo: And John what I would say this investment model worked very, very well for us in leveling the island in bringing what were really two marginal deposits back into strong economics by reducing our capital footprint by 30% to 40% and again consolidating the district and we are looking exactly to do the same thing with Norte Abierto. We are looking at one industrial complexes to the two as was contemplated when those deposits Casale and Caspiche were under separate ownership. And so I think the possibility of bringing that mineral endowment from resource and reserve has been improved significantly.
David Garofalo: Well, actually, the investment thesis really hasn’t changed at all, Josh. We only pay for the proven and probable reserves at the time which admittedly have declined marginally since then, but we see a strong probability of a good chunk of that mineral resource of 1 million ounces being brought into the starter mine. It’s all oxide mineralization. And so we do expect the mine plan to more or less be in line and the grades haven’t declined in any significant fashion at all to be in line with what our original thesis was. We didn’t pay a dime for the resource nor do we pay a dime for any of the exploration upside, we still see immense potential within this district to add significant ounces.
David Garofalo: What I would say for M&A generally is when we have done it, we have created – we have improved the quality of our portfolio by selling assets that were lower in quality and adding assets that we thought added value and improve the quality for the overall portfolio and every mining company should be doing that. And we have been very judicious and systematic and measured in what we have done on the M&A side. So we are always open to upgrading the quality of our portfolio and we think we have done that by bringing Coffee and Norte Abierto in and exiting Felis and Camino Rojo and Cerro Blanco over the last couple of years and recycling that capital to improve quality, but also increase the net asset value of our business. And we are still very strong on the economic case for Coffee, really hasn’t changed in the least and we still see the potential for this to be even a larger mine plan that we originally contemplated in our due diligence.
David Garofalo: Well, thank you everybody for your kind attention and of course if you have any other follow-up questions, please contact us individually.
Todd White: Yes, hi, Dave, it’s Todd. Again, I guess where I would say is you can see that recovery is probably the one area where we do see some variability there, the tons and the grade which we have given you are clearly approximate and directional in that, but where we don’t give you as recovery and some of that is due to recovery expectations maybe being somewhat in line or somewhat less depending on order type, but really recovery is the area that you can modify that come to that number that we have guided to.
Todd White: And David I might add that the reason we are comfortable with the grade published for Peñasquito really from the beginning of the year is we flipped the quarters around with the early commissioning of PLP and CBP. We took Q4’s production which was expected to be all surface stock, how it moved into Q3 to advance the commissioning. So in fact, we flipped the quarters Q3 and Q4. And we have always had very strong reconciliations of grade to the reserve model at Peñasquito. It’s never been an issue in the past.
Todd White: As again as we bring that up, we would expect to see recoveries in addition to where we were Peñasquito is roughly mid-60s sort of recovery, 60 depending on the grade obviously, but that will be additional PLP. So again in – we are in the budgeting process and the planning and we will be providing that updated expectations for Peñasquito in January. But we do certainly will see an up lift over past recoveries.
Todd White: Yes, John, it’s Todd. Maybe I will talk to the base metal add there that you picked up on obviously the zinc was the big add at Peñasquito, where we brought in roughly 600,000 ounces of gold production along with that certainly came zinc and lead reserve growth also. So, that’s really the driver there. The Alumbrera is associated with the underground project, that, that project that, that operation is taking forward so that added the few hundred thousand ounces of gold there as well as some copper that comes with that.
Todd White: Got it. Obviously, we have continued to fine-tune our model on that in our additional drilling data, there has been really – it’s really model changes within this, call it, the same base mine plan. So, there has not been a mine plan change on that, it’s simply additional drilling data in filling that and remodeling.
Todd White: No, you are correct, Tanya. Again, it’s about getting that rigor and discipline into reserve and resource modeling. We also did that great control orientation study on a 5 by 5 pattern so that we could statistically workout what the spacing was and you are right, we are down to – we need to have the infill at 35 to 40, so again we felt it prudent that to downgrade some of the classification, but the overall ounce content remains the same. We are already into infill drilling. The aim is to finish that infill drilling program by June next year so that we would be able to report back in this time next year and having converted a portion of those resources back into reserve and we feel confident that we are going to have a mine plan based on more than 2 million ounces and we still got significant upside now with 5 new satellite deposits over 12 kilometers of untested gold in soil anomalism and multiple opportunities to add to that resource base.
Todd White: Yes, John, this is Todd. I guess what I would comment on that is these are – we are still in early pages on the studies and clearly gold price is one of the drivers, but clearly there is a lot of engineering work to be done and a lot of sort of project work to be done here to develop the absolute strongest business case we can or investment case on any of these projects. So, again at this point, I think it’s too early to say how it would be affected by gold, because we are very early in the project work, but certainly that is an element, but I don’t think it’s one of the key – one of the call it determining factors there. I think a lot of this is based on the work that we will do in the project. And again, our long-term price is certainly, I would agree with you, it would be horrible if it was 12, but our long-term prices is over that right now 12.50.
Todd White: Again, I think it’s early to say. I mean, we certainly are pursuing concepts on that, that we believe have an opportunity to convert that is yet to be seen, but it’s longer dated than that, but it’s a lot of study work and we will develop the strongest case we can at our pricing.
Paul Harbidge: Yes. I mean looking at our 5 year plan, 2017 we saw a step change with the conversion of the Century project and then we always saw that 2018 and 2019 were relatively flat in essence that we would replace depletion and so our 20% growth was always back ended into 2020, 2021. And obviously while it is aspirational there are certain key elements that we have to get through one of them being the pre-feasibility study at Pueblo Viejo. There is no risk in those resources, they are already drilled out, it’s about getting the PFS done to get the additional tailings capacity. And then we have go to undertake the big delta as well as down at Norte Abierto and in drilling out the Caspiche deposit. And so it’s about the logistics and staging that drilling that will land on for 2021. But as you see we are getting significant reserve growth at both at Musselwhite and Cerro Negro as we start to implement this new strategy over the last 2 years. We are putting more rigor and discipline into the way that we do archaeological work and we are building that pipeline of targets to offer us the opportunity to make those discoveries. So we are feeling confident about our ability towards that 20% growth.
Paul Harbidge: Look, when we look at the veins historically we know the Cerro Negro area, we generally see them up between 0.5 million and just over 1 million ounces we have converted, it’s actually 536,000 ounces to reserve. And then we have got due to drill spacing and gold price differential on reserves – on reserve and resources we still got some infill drilling and to do at Silica Cap to add an additional portion. But then obviously one of our priorities is to make additional new vein discoveries to continue to build that reserve base.
Paul Harbidge: Yes. Tanya, if you remember from the visit, we completely redid the geological model building it from the face up with lithology structure, alteration and mineralization, and at the same time, we did some detailed statistical analysis on the drill hole densities. And with more rigor and discipline in the process of around our reserves and resources then based on that spacing we thought that it was prudent to downgrade some of that material. The deposits got from both the along strike and down and continues down that, we've got that – for that development is in the – and progress is being made and we've got recent results show that we’ve got strong mineralization at depths and as we advance the development we’ll be able to drill out more of the material to bring that back into reserve. And we’ve had an aggressive program on the grade of permit area as well building that portfolio of target. And actually, when you look at this new geological model and how robust it is then we’re getting very good reconciliation and it gives us more confidence in our mine plan and being able to deliver on our production profile.
Paul Harbidge: Yes. I mean, as we get the development in place and we drill up, we've got a systematic plan in place to be able to add that material back in as the years progress, and as I say we get that development in place to give us the access for the drilling.
