Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks, Tom. We continue to make Newmont a safer and more profitable business in 2016 with differentiated cash flow, financial strengths and growth prospects. We delivered industry-leading safety and sustainability performance at our operations and increased adjusted EBITDA by 25% to $2.4 billion and more than doubled free cash flow to nearly $800 million on the back of superior operational performance. We invested these proceeds back into the business by building two new mines and profitable expansions in the Americas and Australia and adding higher grade ounces to our reserve base. We optimized our portfolio with the sale of our PTNNT stake for $920 million in cash proceeds and we used these proceeds to retire more than $1.3 billion in debt, improving our liquidity and doubling our dividends. Looking ahead, we can't control the gold price, but we can and will work to outperform the gold sector by continuing to meet our challenges head-on and consistently delivering high quality business results, developing profitable projects on or ahead of schedule and at or below budget, investing in exploration to expand our existing assets and develop the next world-class gold mines and maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our ultimate goal is to lead the gold sector in profitability and responsibility. We entered 2017 from a position of strength, but we recognized that leadership requires us to consistently meet or exceed our commitments and your expectations. Thank you for your time. I'll turn the call back now to the operator to open the line for questions.
Gary J. Goldberg: Okay. A couple of different questions in there. Thanks, Andrew. First of all, on Quecher Main, Quecher Main is an incremental oxide expansion that adds about 200,000 ounces per year of production. Total production, starting from after we approve it, basically gets us from 2019 through 2025. So, it's incremental. And really, the way I've been looking at it, it's a bridge to the development of the bridge to the development of the Yanacocha sulfide. So, it allows us to finish the study work through really the next two-and-a-half, three years on the Yanacocha sulfide, so we're in a position to make an investment decision there. The closure cost estimates are – really, it's an update, primarily water related in terms of the increase to the cost that we've estimated. It does not, at this stage, include Quecher Main either the additional costs that we might incur by operating Quecher Main or the benefit we get by extending the reclamation time. So, that would be something we'd have to update, as we'd approve that project. Same thing with the Yanacocha sulfides. The Yanacocha sulfides both have an impact on reclamation cost, but it also – not only in terms of adding to that, but also would extend when they would occur, so it pushes it out. None of that is included. So, right now, we've just assumed end of mine life at the end of 2019 and all those reclamation costs, and that's why you see some of Yanacocha's costs going up here over the next couple of years, as those additional reclamation costs flowing through to our all-in sustaining costs. In terms of divestiture, your last question, I had a very good meeting with the President when I was down in November. I'm encouraged by the approach he's taking and the approach not just for the country but within the regions and the support and focus that he's placing on regional economies and the importance there. The Cajamarca Province is one that has not benefited as much by the presence of mining, and I think changing things there is important. I'm encouraged by not only Quecher Main, but the Yanacocha sulfides project. And the way that's starting to shape up, it shows really good promise. So, from my standpoint, it's one that we really see good potential in and want to see that full potential through.
Gary J. Goldberg: It's a combination of additional – well, we had – we changed the reclamation cost provision and that was primarily due to changes in our view on how we'd have to manage and treat water. That triggered an impairment to our carrying value, so the $920 million...
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure thing. And I had the opportunity, and we have a new president in Ghana as well, who was inaugurated in January, and I had the opportunity to meet with him earlier this month. And I came away encouraged about the focus that he's taking on looking to grow businesses in Ghana, talked to him about our history and where the future potential is. We're working through with the local regulators, getting permits for Subika Underground. I think we're making good progress on that and also making good progress in regards to the mill expansion on the requirements around tailings dam construction. And I think the thing that I've seen in Ghana, which isn't surprising given some of the more broadly publicized issues with tailings dams, there's more focus on the construction. I think we do a good job with that at all of our operations, but we're taking the right time to make sure regulators and other stakeholders are comfortable with what's going on. So, that's taking a little bit more time. I believe we're in a position here in the first half of this year to get those permit approvals in alignment with what's required to take the next steps. The economics look good on both of these projects. We've done really good development work with Subika Underground. So, that sits in a better place to see earlier first production. And then, the mill expansion is a simple expansion, primarily the grinding capacity and crushing capacity at Ahafo. So, there's not new technology or anything going in. So, they're really good additions to the portfolio there.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think, Jorge, it really boils down to just working through the permit time – the permits on the underground. With that, it's the impact – what the concern was the impact on the groundwater table when you go down deeper, what is the impact on the surrounding communities. So, we had to work through in our groundwater models and show what the impact is. We think we've got a good handle on that and the regulators I think now believe we've got a good handle on that. So, getting that outlined was probably the big factor in the delay in getting that permit through. And the other point that you make in regards to tailings dams was just getting comfortable around what tailings dam construction method to use at Ahafo for the next stage of expansion. So, we've been working through with the regulators on that. In terms of the tax issues, or more specifically, the investment agreement, we actually negotiated for over two years changes to our investment agreement that allowed for increases in some of the royalty rates. I think it was a good process, from what I've seen there, versus other places in the world, where we worked with government folks and came up with a new agreement and actually had that then ratified by the parliament. So, that's in place and has had approval here. That was just a little bit over a year ago, towards the end of 2015 that that was approved. So, that's in place and gives us the assurances and stability and confidence that we need to go forward with these investments, once we get these permits confirmed.
Gary J. Goldberg: Okay. Thanks, Evan. I'm going to have Tom address that question. It's something that's still under study, but I'll have him cover it.
Gary J. Goldberg: Nothing to add from our standpoint. I think we continue to operate that mine, and it's doing what we expect it do in terms of operating performance. In terms of the process, we'll watch and we'll see what happens.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think what we're seeing with Ahafo North, it's probably another three years or so down the road before it comes forward for an investment decision. We're doing more work drilling-wise, doing more work with the community to make sure we've got the right approach there, kind of, leveraging off the good work we've done, I think, both at Ahafo and Akyem community-wise. Initially, there were talks whether we could mine the ore there and haul it down into the Ahafo Mill. It's really looking like the better option would be to have a standalone mill up at Ahafo North to process that ore. And then, we take the loaded carbon, much like we're doing at Long Canyon, where we take the loaded carbon from Long Canyon into Carlin, we take the loaded carbon from Ahafo North down to Ahafo for final processing into doré. So, doing more work there, doing more work on some drilling and, particularly, grade estimation drilling there to make sure we get a good handle like we did with some of our other projects, Merian and Long Canyon, wanting to make sure we've got a good handle on the grade in those first few years. It makes for a little additional cost, but sure helps on the certainty side. So, we're continuing to work through that. In terms of capital, I mean, it's early days. So, I think let's get through and see where we finally land, but I would see it as something probably less than what we spend at Merian, given some of the other infrastructure that's around, but let's wait and see. I think, production-wise, we're probably talking something in the 200,000 million ounce to 250,000 million ounce a year range at this time. So, that gives you some high level.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. From my standpoint, I – we're looking at a variety of different options, whether it's additional declines, a production shaft and different options in how we mine. The resource and reserve continues to grow there, as you pointed out. So, we'll continue to do drilling. We're out of there right now because of the rain and the limits that's had on getting into both of the mine because we don't the fuel to operate the mine. So, we've just gone to standby here for the next – hopefully just next week or so. But I'm encouraged by the potential for this. You will remember, five years ago, we had a project to put in a production shaft, which we put on hold because the mine wasn't performing and delivering the results it needed to. So, we've taken sort of that back off the shelf, clustered it off, but also looked at different places to put it because the ore body has grown quite a bit. And how big you make the shaft, how deep it goes, those are some of the different options that are being looked at here. But for me, I think it's a good next stage. But like you say, we've got to deliver the current expansion. We've got the mining part done, the mill part done here mid-year and make sure we know how that delivers, so we can design what would be an incremental mine expansion and another incremental mill expansion.
Gary J. Goldberg: John, thanks for the question, and I think a couple of things. We've got about 1.2 million ounces, so we've grown the reserve from where we were when we first announced the project. We continue to do drilling around the deposit and finding – and really haven't closed it off in terms of extensions at depth and down dip, finding higher grades. It goes below the water table at that point. So, how we manage mining below the water table is one of the things we'll be studying as part of Long Canyon Phase 2, the next phase of the project, so we're doing work on that. In terms of current mining rates and strip ratios, you've got a lot higher numbers than what we're actually doing and maybe you've got something tied in when we were doing development and not reflective of what we're seeing more steady state. Strip ratio ranges anywhere between about 8 and 10 here over the next several years. So, higher strip ratio, but also higher grade than average – we get average grades, so that – it's around the ore body average of 1.9 grams per ton.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think, at this stage, it doesn't happen with Phase 1. Clearly, it would be something that would happen out at Phase 3, which would be most likely an underground and a mill complex being installed there in terms of fully paying back the acquisition cost.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think we've got a good footprint around the globe, in areas where we have good operating capabilities and good relations. I think, when you look at what we provided here today in terms of a seven-year outlook and what are our production profile looks like, we can be opportunistic. And as we were with Cripple Creek & Victor at a time when prices were down and people needed the cash and we were able to acquire an asset for good value, we'll always look to see if there's things we can do to improve our portfolio quality in terms of either value or risk. But we've got a really excellent project pipeline that does those things today. We'll continue to probably more focus on early-stage developments, greenfield sort of things or brownfield in areas and in jurisdictions that we're comfortable we can manage well. And so, we'll keep our eyes focused on those sorts of things.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Thank you for that. I think we're all, kind of, watching the different things coming from the administration. I saw some comments that Mr. Pruitt made yesterday in particular that I liked about having investor certainty. If there's going to be changes to regulations, having a good process for review and understanding of how those properly get implemented is a good thing, I think, for business overall in the U.S. As it affects us directly, I think we already sat in a pretty good spot in terms of how we'd work with regulators. We came up with a sagebrush ecosystem program at the end of last year with the outgoing administration that really helped to address some of the concerns around sage-grouse and other species that are potentially at risk in Nevada and how we would work with the different administrative groups to be able to continue and really not impact our operations. So, I think we sat in a pretty good spot already, but we want to work with the incoming administration. I'm looking to set up a meeting with Mr. Pruitt just to have that sort of discussion around where we have concerns and where we could see logical changes going forward to any process that take into account not just our concerns but all stakeholder concerns going forward and do it in a proper manner.
Gary J. Goldberg: I look at some of the things that had been getting implemented around reclamation bonding, where federal or state jurisdictions already have things in place so we don't have overlap of requirements which is one of the things we come across today. Those are probably a couple of things that I would focus on.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think it's almost all oxide. We don't really – well, we have sulfide there. It doesn't change the processing method. It's still the leaching process there. I've got our Head of Exploration here, Grigore Simon. He can add to that.
Gary J. Goldberg: No, the JV doesn't expire. We have a processing agreement that we process the ore from Turquoise Ridge at our Twin Creeks mill. And at the end of this year, that's scheduled to be up. So that's what's changing this year there.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. We'll provide – when we approve those projects, we'll update our development capital. But when you look at just the two projects in Ghana, that's roughly about what the impact would be for additional capital in 2017 and 2018. But we'll provide that update along with the other projects as we approve them.
Gary J. Goldberg: We continue, obviously, to focus a majority of our spend in the brownfield, so around our existing operations and areas where we've talked about. Greenfields, we're working in places in Eastern Nevada, Western Utah, down in Peru, around the Guiana Shield areas in the northern part of South America, in Ethiopia and also Mount Isa in Queensland in Australia. So – and as we said, upping our spend both on exploration and advanced project spend, really looking not for what we need here in the next three to five years, but looking at the next five to 10 years what's important for the business.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think we still look long term for all these sorts of things when there's different administrations, whether it's here or in other countries and still look to invest where it makes sense for the long term.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. What we need to do is get the reserve and resource figured out, the elements of the water and how we're going to manage it so that we can put together our overall permit requirements for both the mill and expansion of the leach. We haven't firmed up, but it automatically goes to a mill. I think economics may drive it that way, but we need to do the study work on it. So, at this stage, because we've got Phase 1 in place, we want to be very methodical in our review and make sure we bring the permit along at the right time in the process.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Sabajo is actually – it's about 40 kilometers west of Merian and the way, at least, we're assessing it today is as a satellite ore body that could feed ore to the mill at Merian. It provides some additional saprolite ore that we could truck over. So, we're setting options on how we could truck it and when the right timeframe is for that. It's probably not going to add to Merian until the 2020-2021 timeframe based on what we know today, but it's still early days. We're just moving that project in our project pipeline along to the next stage. So, it's still early days to know the details on it.
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure. I can do that. Thanks, Tanya. I think, one of them – and when you look at our reserve-resource release, you can see there were price changes that affected the reserves by about 600,000 ounces, there was primarily a change in the capital price assumption at Phoenix that moved around 500,000 ounces from reserve to resource, so that's what we'd call our reclassification, so that added about 500,000 ounces of that 2.6 million ounces. We had changes to Carlin due to updated pit designs. They'll show in revisions on the reserves side and that adds to the reclassified, the 2.6 million ounces. You see a very small number for revisions because that's a net number, and it nets out additions that we see for other reasons that Carlin and Ahafo North against some of the revisions to the Carlin pit design and also a Boddington, where we've updated the requirements to support the tailings facility expansion and moved about 600,000 ounces from reserve to resource. So, that gives you about – well, it's the majority of what that 2.6 million ounces and reclassification is for those three. The others were just technical updates, as we revised some requirements for drill spacing in different areas.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Carlin was 0.7 million ounces, Boddington 0.6 million ounces and Phoenix 0.5 million ounces of that reclassification. Ahafo North was plus 0.5 million ounces.
Gary J. Goldberg: What I'd say, this is like what we've done at Carlin, where we came to the end of an open pit and then do a decline basically down into the reserve next to or adjacent to and below the open pit. It's small in terms of its overall contribution. We'll update the market once we get that, but it's not big in terms of cost or in ounces. But it does add an increment at Twin Creeks.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. And we've done the early study work there. We've actually installed the decline. And so, we've got access to the ore body in place. So, it actually would be a pretty short timeframe there, but it's small.
Gary J. Goldberg: And Ahafo comes up a lot more, as we get into the much higher grade at the bottom of the next pushback in 2019.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. Our team delivered exceptional performance, portfolio improvements and value last year. This year, we'll build on that trajectory by delivering steady gold production at competitive costs and continuing to improve those costs through our Full Potential program. We'll also continue to invest in profitable growth by completing the Tanami expansion in Australia, by reaching decisions to fund expansions at Ahafo, Twin Creeks and Yanacocha that represent upside to our current guidance and by pursuing early-stage and exploration opportunities to build our reserve base. Finally, we'll maintain an investment-grade balance sheet and the leading talent, governance and sustainability practices that underpin long-term value creation. Thank you for joining us, and have a safe day.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Gary, and thanks for the question, Evan. First step for us is to step back and assess the nature of the slip, do some geotechnical drilling to understand how we need to update our structural models and then reassess what would be involved in doing some work on that high wall and removing the slip material then going back in, and we really need to go through that considered process over the, really, the first half or so of this year to make an assessment of what going back in looks like, then I think we're in a position to start to give some information in terms of what impact that would have in the longer term. But for us, at the moment, it's really about just taking that step back and having a considered assessment of what we need to do to get back into that pit.
Tom Palmer: Yeah. It's the order of around 200,000 recovered ounces still in that – bottom of that pit. So, we were really right at the end of that mine.
Tom Palmer: Yeah. So the strip ratio will be around 3.5 to 4 on average through those years, and that also represents about the life of mine strip ratio as well.
Tom Palmer: I'll give you maybe two examples, Andrew. In terms of savings, a lot of our sustaining capital goes into tailings facilities. At say for instance Boddington, which is a very large operation, low-grade mine, obviously we generate a lot of tailings, we've got better contract rates for building our tailings extensions. So you get savings by building some of those, still constructing the same amount of tailings, but you're getting them at a cheaper rate. So starting to build some of that into our plans going forward. And then there are other things we do. Another example would be Cripple Creek & Victor where we have optimized our mine plans, and some of the equipment that we thought we needed to buy, we can now defer into future years. So, that's an example of deferrals that are reflecting in our sustaining capital going forward.
Tom Palmer: As you say, Andrew, it's more about the latter. It's improved rates, improved unit costs, deferral where we have done mine and plan optimization. And as we talked about today, we are – got some maturing operations and we are moving into those stripping campaigns and talking about it. So, we continue to do those campaigns for the longer term. So, we're not pushing any of that stuff out.
