Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you, Tom. Turning to slide 26, Newmont is anchored in four regions where we have the stability and resources we need to continue investing over time. More than 70% of our production and about the same amount of our reserves are located in the United States and Australia. And we continue to fund high return projects to sustain future production and improve on our return on capital employed. These factors position us to maintain stable returns over the next decade and beyond. Our portfolio is also differentiated by our new mine growth prospects. Turning to slide 27. Our pipeline is among the best in the gold sector in terms of depth and the capital efficiency, and it gives us the means to maintain steady production while growing our margins and our reserves. Projects included in our outlook are the current and sustaining capital projects you see here. Northwest Exodus and Twin Underground in Nevada; Morrison and the Tanami Power Project in Australia; the Subika Underground and Ahafo Mill expansion in Ghana; and Quecher Main in Peru. A mid-term project that will improve our outlook is Ahafo North shown here in green. We expect to reach definitive feasibility at Ahafo North this year and advance the execution in the second half of 2019. Finally, we continue to invest in progressing our longer-term projects shown here in dark blue. This pipeline lays the foundation for steady production and improving margins. Turning to slide 28. Here's a look at our production profile over the next seven years. Our gold production is forecast to remain at about 5 million attributable ounces per year, and our share of global mine production is projected to grow from 4.4% in 2015 to 5% by 2024. This profile includes production from existing operations as well as sustaining and current projects that are included in our current guidance. The green layer shows production from our mid-term Ahafo North project which is not included in our current guidance. And the dark blue layer shows the two long-term projects that are in prefeasibility, Tanami Expansion 2 and Yanacocha Sulfides, which represent further upside to our current guidance. Summing it up, Newmont's stable asset base and a robust project pipeline represented distinct competitive advantage as does our leading reserve profile. Turning to slide 29. One of the practices that distinguishes Newmont is that we never stopped investing in exploration across the price cycle. And in 2017, that investment paid off as we replaced reserve depletion at a constant gold price. At the same time, we also increased resources. The value and risk profile of our reserve base also compares favorably to the gold sector average. We offer 128 ounces per thousand shares and an operating reserve life of about 12 years, and more than 70% of our reserves are based in the U.S. and Australia. Another distinction is that our mined grade is about the same as our reserve grade. Our focus on quality reserves has helped us achieve and maintain top quartile total shareholder returns since 2014. Putting it all together, we delivered another year of strong results in 2017 and positioned the business to generate more value over a longer time horizon. Thank you for your time. And with that, I'll open the floor for questions.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks for that Chris. I think, as you look, we do have a number that are in execution, so making sure we get those across the line efficiently, safely, and on budget is important. So if you look at the others, the two that I pointed out, Yanacocha Sulfides, Tanami Expansion 2, I'd see progressing this year into the next stage over to the right, likewise with Ahafo North, as we continue development on those projects. And those are some pretty substantial projects when you look at the size and the potential capital of those. So good focus there. But I think, more importantly, and that's kind of where you're getting to is on the far left, the greenfield side and where we are working with the team at Continental in Colombia to progress that project, and make a decision on whether we want to continue with that investment or not later this year or early next year, our greenfields efforts in French Guiana, efforts in the Yukon and in Australia, so a number of different projects. And I'll hand over to Tom to see if he's got a couple more to add into that mix.
Gary J. Goldberg: So, clearly, in summary, Chris, our focus is on the organic pipeline that we have. We've got a very strong organic pipeline. We'll continue to kick the tires, so to speak, on other assets. But as you've seen over the last several years, the only one we did that made sense and added value for our shareholders was CC&V.
Gary J. Goldberg: We haven't carried that into the reserve calculation yet, David. So that would be an upside as we update into our 2018 – end of year 2018 reserves.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Thank you. I think as you look at our sustaining capital guidance we gave out for the next five years, that looked at where we're at in terms of improved equipment lives and we've built that into those plans. So there's no big bump in any sort of equipment replacement that's in the next five-year plan. I think the team's done a great job of looking at not just how we get more life out of equipment components and the equipment, but how we utilize that equipment more effectively going forward. So, I – we also have done, I think, a very good job with our equipment manufacturers, working closely with them on terms that taken longer-term purchase agreements that apply really to all of our operating sites.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks. Just a brief set of comments here. Thank you all for joining our call this morning. We're pleased with our performance in 2017. But as always, our commitment is to take it to the next level which we will do by delivering steady gold production at competitive costs, continuing to invest in the next generation of mines, leaders, and technology and staying at the head of the pack in terms of the value we create and the standards we uphold. Thank you for joining us and have a safe day.
Tom Palmer: I'd also add. Thanks, Gary. If you look at some of the opportunities under conceptual and scoping, there's still some real prospects particularly in around the Ahafo Underground that we need to pursue and the Carlin district and the underground potential around there is still very prospective. So it's really about making sure we continue to do our work to bring those opportunities forward. And as I mentioned in my notes, Long Canyon is we're only in Phase 1, so the opportunity is to continue to progress Long Canyon on the Eastern part of Nevada.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Gary. So we're – over the course of this year, we expect – or at the very end of this year, late this year to commence feasibility studies and we wouldn't be looking to get to a decision to proceed until the latter part of 2019. We really see that that piece of work is the first phase and that first phase is the opportunity to extend Yanacocha's operational life out to 2039 with annual gold equivalent production because there's a lot of copper as well as gold in the sulfide deposit. We're looking at extending that life out to about 2039 of about 350,000 ounces per year and we're still looking at around about the $2 billion mark for that project.
Tom Palmer: Thanks. It's Tom here. I'll take that one again. You're certainly going to see Carlin weighted to the second half in the fourth quarter. Again, as I mentioned in my comments, driven by stripping and the Mill 6 annual plant maintenance that we do in the second quarter. And then, we start to access the Silverstar ore in the third quarter and well into the fourth quarter. So Carlin is a significant contributor to that second half weighting. You'll certainly see in Merian as we work through our stripping campaign in the first half to three quarters, it reach some high grade ores at Merian. So, we'll see it quite weighted to the second-half. Others that are weighted to the second half are particularly in Africa, in around Ahafo, as we're in the Subika layback, the open pit at Ahafo, we'll get into some higher grade ores at Subika. And then, we start to – as we move into commercial production in Subika Underground and bring on the refrigeration plant and get more ventilation into the underground mine, we start to bring on some more ore and higher grades out of Subika Underground. So they are some of the features that have us weighted to the second half and into the fourth quarter.
Tom Palmer: Tom here. I'll take that question, David. We've just moved out of the (36:37) pit and we're moving into two other pits at CC&V. So we're going to see lower grades which is I think going to impact on recoveries through the mill over the next period of time. So if I look at CC&V grade, you're going to see similar grades to what you're seeing going forward, and that's been included in our guidance going forward. So it's a factor of moving out of a pit that had higher grades into two other pits that have some lower grades.
Tom Palmer: Yes. In terms of modeling purposes, that's – I mean, that is something to consider. The other thing is that as I mentioned in my comments we've just taken the first of our concentrates out of that circuit to send to Nevada and put through the mills there, in particular Mill 6, so CC&V will benefit from some higher recoveries as we bring that on. So we've got a rougher con coming through now, we've got some extra flotation sales to put into make it cleaner con to improve the recoveries over the course of this year. So that will also be part of the equation for CC&V and that's included in our guidance.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, David. Tom again. Yes, we'll start to move through the saprolite this year, we'll see the first of the fresh rock come through that crusher in the second half and the mills' nameplate capacity was down around the 12 million tonnes per annum. So as we start to process the harder ore, it'll come down to those sorts of rates it'll be we've been running up and around 15 tonnes, I think it'll be combination of fresh rock and still some saprolite. So the 12 million to 14 million tonnes per annum is probably something worth modeling.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Michael. Tom again, I'll take that question. I think it was – as Gary mentioned, I think it was terrific work by all of our teams at Newmont to drive hard on the Full Potential program and the $400 million exceeded quite significantly the targets we set ourselves out. Our starting point for Full Potential is to offset escalation, but we certainly encourage all of our teams to drive to get upside about that, and we certainly achieved that in spades in 2017. There is still plenty of upside in our Full Potential program. It's moved from a site-by-site focus and it's still very much the accountability of each site team to deliver on their commitments around Full Potential. But we're seeing real potential upside around the opportunities to work together regionally and globally and really leverage our global footprint as an organization. And we still see plenty of upside continuing in milling and mining to improve our cost and productivity. So, we continue to drive that program hard and I think there's still plenty of upside in the years ahead.
