Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks, Tom. Turning to slide 22, we continue to focus on operating and growing our business in four regions where we have the stability, resources and relationships that underpin our ongoing success. More than 70% of our production and about the same amount of our reserves are located in the United States and Australia. And we continue to invest in projects and prospects that will improve our margins, reserves, and resources. These factors position us to maintain stable returns over the next decade and beyond. Our portfolio is also differentiated by a robust project pipeline. Turning to slide 23, Newmont's team has proven its ability to optimize projects, deliver them on time and budget, and generate a solid rate of return. This gives us the means to maintain steady production while growing margins and reserves. Projects included in our outlook are the current and sustaining capital projects you see here. Morrison and the Tanami Power project in Australia, the Subika Underground and Ahafo Mill Expansion in Ghana, and Quecher Main in Peru. Twin Underground and Northwest Exodus are also included in our outlook, but we remove from the pipeline at completion. A mid-term project that will improve our outlook is Ahafo North shown here in green. We continue to invest in progressing our longer term projects shown here in dark blue. This quarter, we advance Akyem Underground from scoping to prefeasibility and expect to start delivering the decline in 2020 – developing, rather, the decline in 2020 with ore process through the existing mill. Finally, we added Galore Creek to our pipeline as a prefeasibility stage project. This pipeline lays the foundation for steady long-term production and profitability. Turning to slide 24, this is our expected production profile for the next seven years. Gold production is forecast to remain at about 5 million attributable ounces and our share of global mine production is projected to grow over the same time period. This profile includes production from existing operations as well as sustaining and current projects that are included in our guidance. The green layer shows production from our mid-term Ahafo North project which is not included in our guidance and the dark blue layer shows two longer term feasibility projects, Tanami Expansion 2 and the Yanacocha Sulfides, representing further upside. Overall, Newmont's stable asset base and robust project pipeline represent a distinct competitive advantage and we will maintain that advantage over the longer term by investing in exploration. Turning to slide 25, in North America, we continue to pursue multiple underground expansions at Carlin and progress the prefeasibility study for Long Canyon Phase 2. Our Plateau exploration program is underway in the Canadian Yukon and we plan to test eight different drill targets this year. Finally, we will begin scoping prefeasibility studies at Galore Creek in the coming months. We expect these studies to be completed over three to four years with an annual budget of between $10 million and $15 million for our 50% stake. In South America, we continue to see favorable drilling and process test results at the Yanacocha Sulfides and Chaquicocha Oxides projects in Peru, and we're working with Continental Gold to support the safe and efficient development of the high grade Buriticá project as well as nearby exploration assets in Colombia. We're also establishing a new country office in Medellín and have appointed a fit-for-purpose team to establish our presence and relationships in the country. In Africa, we're advancing studies to develop underground deposits at both Ahafo and Akyem, and we're working with a local partner, Ezana, to explore greenfields opportunities in Ethiopia. Finally in Australia, we're pursuing our second expansion at Tanami and advancing greenfields exploration prospects across the continent. Newmont has laid a strong foundation for these efforts by establishing fair land agreements with traditional owners and a reputation for respectful engagement. Putting it all together, on slide 26, we delivered solid second quarter performance and are laying the groundwork for an even stronger future. We will continue to execute our long-term strategy which is to deliver steady gold production safely and at competitive costs over a long-time horizon; invest in the next generation of mines, technology and leaders across our business; and lead the gold sector in terms of the value we create and the standards we uphold. Thank you for your time. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure thing. I think as we assess all things, we look for longer term value opportunities and I've been very clear we're looking for gold or copper gold potential. This is actually I think in the history of Newmont, probably the third time around that we've taken a look and this is an opportunity we think at fair value we've been able to acquire and we really like working with Teck. We worked and talked with them in the past. I think our value set and approach to operations and sustainability really come together quite well and just see this as a good opportunity. Clearly, we've got work to do. We've got a prefeasibility study that's going to take the next three to four years to work through with Teck and figure out what is the right way to develop this deposit and how to bring it forward and when to bring it forward. So there's more work to do, but we're excited about the potential both at the resource and working with our new partner, Teck.
Gary J. Goldberg: I mean, I think we mentioned, including in the call here, we're seeing some good results at Yanacocha as we continue to look at both the sulfides and the oxide deposits. Tanami would be another area that looks exciting. I see some interesting results coming out of the Carlin area in terms of work we're doing there. Long Canyon, we continue to bring forward and the Ahafo Underground and, as I mentioned, the Akyem Underground's moved forward. We're seeing some good things there. So still we won't declare reserves changes till the end of the year, but we see ourselves on track towards that 4 million ounce reserve addition, at least that amount here this year.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think clearly oil costs have affected the whole business, so that one I think everyone's got good transparency and we give some information on. Offsetting that, the Aussie dollar has dropped back down kind of in line with as gold price has come down. So it's down in the $0.74 to $0.75 range. We have seen some cyanide cost increases, and that's really input costs that go into the cyanide product that have been coming through. That's a little bit outside of what we would have had built into our plans. A little bit of labor. Really kind of keeping an eye on, as I said before, we watch where turnover is starting to pick up and we've seen a little bit in North America and in Australia, the labor markets heating up a bit, so we're keeping an eye on that. Nothing outside of what we at this stage had planned for, but it's one that I want to flag for the market as we go forward that we're keeping an eye on.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think – thanks for the question, John, and thanks for the comment on the lack of dramas. I think we wouldn't be trying to time a market. I don't think anyone's that good at this stage. What we would be doing is to really step back, take a good look at the work that's been done, a lot of good work has been done already, but then bring our heads together with the technical and social folks with Teck and work together with our team to come up with the best development plan. There's different options in terms of how to access and develop the resource, the several pits or potential pits that are there and we want to work through. So I don't want to preclude anything at this stage. I think we want to take a look with an open mind at all the options.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think and as you've seen, Carlin has been in operation for over 50 years, we have a pretty good resource and mineral inventory base that we're pretty confident, as we continue to better understand some of the geology and structure around there, that we could add primarily from an underground standpoint, as I see it, but I spent time – I was out there last week really at all the operations and feel comfortable in terms of extensions around Carlin. Long Canyon, we continue the development of Phase 2. Some interesting things around Emigrant that we're taking a look at. So as we use both current technology and continue to extend the use of our deep sensing geochemistry to better understand things that may be covered at depths that we haven't actually looked at, most of what's been discovered today has had some sort of a surface exposure or been accidentally found by a water well or something. So I think using this technology to try to discover as yet unfound deposits, I think, has good potential in Nevada.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks. Thanks, David. And reminder, you get an opportunity to see first-hand that core from Tanami if you visit in November that we've got planned with investors.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah, I think at this stage, Stephen, as we continue as Tom described the planning work that's going on, I think that's a good starting point and we'll give further update most likely when we give our full year guidance for 2019 at the end of this year.
Gary J. Goldberg: Well, little bit of all of the above. And it was about a year ago that we began dialog with the group and have worked through our view on what the value of the deposit is at this stage and then went through the normal sort of commercial negotiation that you go through to reach commercial terms and we staged it. So as we move forward and get better confidence in it, it's tied back into us gaining greater confidence in the future and how it would be developed. So, that didn't come all at once. We worked through that as we worked through the prefeas and then feasibility studies.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think as you look in Teck's published information, they've got it out there as a longer term opportunity. We see it in a similar manner and one that we'll work together to see if we can improve on the valuation. I'm going to see if Randy wants to add anything to that.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah, I think that fits with what we've been saying to the market, what we went through at our Investor Day, really looking at earlier stage opportunities that we can bring in either through our own exploration or through partnering with different parties and bringing those forward. That doesn't mean we won't look at operating assets, much like we did with CC&V a few years ago, if we can obtain them at fair value.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah, at this stage, Quecher Main is progressing well. We hope to see some initial production there later this year. And that's actually doing quite well. We were down there last month visiting. The Oxides is yet to be included in any of our plans. So it'd be something as we put our plans and give our forecasts later this year for 2019 on out that we'd look to include the Oxides, but we continue to see good potential for both the north and the south Chaqui Oxides as we continue to drill and get a better handle on that. So, that would be in addition to what we've already provided in guidance and something that we'll present later this year.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think as you look, we've got a footprint that's in four jurisdictions that allows us to take a look at potential opportunities in all those four jurisdictions. Canada being one and we think this is a good – it's one of the elements clearly, Lucas, that we do consider when we look at opportunities. So, that was one of the elements.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think we continue to go where the best assets and the best potential profile is. An example is the Medellín office that we've just opened up in Colombia. We see that as a strategic toehold there towards what we see as an improving situation there and something that looks good. Much like we saw Peru 20 years ago, we see Colombia. So I wouldn't say we're rushing in any certain direction, we're going where it makes sense.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you for joining our call this morning. Newmont delivered solid second quarter results. We produced 1.2 million ounces of gold at all-in sustaining cost of $1,024 per ounce, in line with our full year guidance. We delivered two profitable projects, established strategic partnerships and invested in an exciting growth opportunity in British Columbia. We also declared an industry-leading dividend while maintaining a strong balance sheet and continue to provide more information on our environmental, social and governance performance and our goals for the future. We look forward to maintaining a momentum in the second half and continuing to lead the gold sector and profitability and responsibility. Thank you for joining us and for your interest in Newmont.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Gary. Thanks, David. What we're able to do following the shutdown at the construction work on site, David, as we worked through that incident and the appropriate recovery from that, is still quite a bit of offsite work going on, so lot of fabrication and procurement works too going on and that was able to help us minimize the impact of schedule. So we're still seeing a similar spend profile in this year as a consequence of that. So there will be a little bit of flow of our capital into next year as a result of the cessation of construction activity on site, but as I say, a lot of offsite work was able to continue through that time period.
Tom Palmer: At this stage, I just keep it to the second half and we were very much in the process of remobilizing now. So as we get back into construction activities proper, then we'll be out to reassess the various work fronts and then understand and refine that schedule. So I'd keep it a second half at this stage.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, David. I'll keep going with the answer to that question. So with the slip on the east wall that took out the ramp on the east wall of that pit. So, that was the ramp we're planning to use for the Morrison layback that we were bringing forward. So as we work through the reassessment of Morrison, it will be how we can mine a smaller Morrison and not rely upon that ramp on the east wall. Now, as we work through our longer term plans looking at our – lot of the work today was about safely understanding the impact of that slip and understanding the impact for this year, so work's still underway in terms of the longer term impact and the various scenarios around that. A lot of that is associated with the type of remediation that we'll do on that better east wall and how we might lay back that slip area and the various geotechnical work and the drilling work we'll need to do to better inform that approach. So, that's going to take a little bit of time for us to work through and then understand the longer term impacts beyond 2018 and then how we access the greater Morrison resource, but we'll continue to be mining from the southern end of the pit and there's some material on the western wall as well that we'll be de-stacking that's been sitting underneath the west wall slip and we'll continue to process stockpiled ore through the mill. So the processing plants, the two – well, the three processing plants at KCGM are still running at full rates and in fact they're running at rates that we haven't seen since 2005. So we're maximizing the processing through the plant to minimize the impact from this slip.
Tom Palmer: We'll have a – I'm anticipating having a smaller Morrison this year. How big that is and what the spend will be, we're still working through. So we need some more time to work through that process. So we'll need to come back to you at a future date with some more information there, David.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Stephen. I just might clarify that was 17,000 ounces of gold that we shipped in a 30,000 sitting stockpiled. You will certainly see – there's two things. That stockpiled ore will start to – stockpiled concentrate will start to move through the third and fourth quarter. We'll stockpile them because we had to do some improvements to a county road that are now complete, so we're ramping up shipments as we speak and we are now commissioning the cleaner concentrate circuit that will produce a higher grade particularly in sulfur coming out of the CC&V plant, so that gold and sulfur will go into Mill 6, so it provides a heat source that allows us to put higher grade Carlin ore through Mill 6, so we will see some benefit at Carlin as a result of that fuel source that comes from that concentrate. We are still very much on target to hit our guidance for CC&V, so if you just look at first half and extrapolate to where we're predicting guidance to be for the year, you can get a measure of the impact of shipping that concentrate to Nevada is going to have on CC&V gold production for the full year and in particular the second half.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Gary. And thanks, Tanya, for the question. We're working through a process where some local residents raised some concerns over payment of ground and crop compensation that dates back to before the mine started and then having some issues around mine-related impact. So everything we're doing is consistent with what we're required to do and in terms of the agreements we've had in place. But we've been involved in good faith dialog with community leaders, with the people who are raising these concerns and working through a mediation process to reach a form of resolution there with them. And that process has been progressing over a period of time. What you saw in more recent times is the group which we're quite comfortable with stage a demonstration to further support their claim. So, that took place, a peaceful demonstration over a few hours a couple of days ago. So the activity was related to that. But we continue to engage in good faith dialog to reach a resolution with those people who are raising those concerns.
Tom Palmer: It's been ongoing and we will continue to work through that process until we can reach a resolution. There isn't any fixed deadline, but we remain ready, willing and able to sit down and discuss these issues with them.
Tom Palmer: We haven't seen demonstrations on these particular issues at Ahafo, but we do see from time to time demonstrations over different issues that we need to work through with the community and the community leaders to manage and understand those issues. So it's not unusual in Ghana to see the community demonstrate as part of a process of talking through their issues.
