Nancy Buese: Thanks, Gary. Turning to Slide 12 for the financial highlights. Compared to the prior year quarter, we delivered revenue of $1.8 billion, which was approximately flat despite lower gold price. Adjusted net income of $176 million or $0.33 per diluted share. An adjusted EBITDA of $687 million, an increase of 7%. Cash from continuing operations was $574 million and free cash flow is $349 million, primarily due to improvements in working capital. Turning to Slide 13 for our review of earnings per share in more detail. First quarter GAAP net income from continuing operations was $113 million or $0.21 per diluted share. Primary adjustments included $0.11 related to transaction and integration cost from the Goldcorp acquisition and the Nevada joint venture. $0.04 related to valuation allowances and other tax impacts and $0.03 primarily related to a change in the fair value of our investments and minor restructuring charges. Taking these adjustments into account, we delivered adjusted net income of $0.33 per diluted share. Turning now to Slide 14. We remain well-positioned to execute our capital priorities including maintaining an investment-grade credit profile, investing in the next generation of mines to improve margins and build a stronger reserve base and returning cash to shareholders. Newmont closed the first quarter with one of the strongest balance sheets in the gold sector and over the past month, we've executed a number of key financing activities. We declared a first quarter dividend of $0.14 per share and announced a special dividend of $0.88 per share. The special dividend will be paid on May 1 to Newmont shareholders on record as of April 17. We reset our five-year $3 billion revolving credit facility, creating a strong banking syndicate and providing for a solid slate of future financing partners. We completed a successful exchange of Goldcorp notes to Newmont and streamlined our capital structure, and we paid off $1.25 billion of outstanding Goldcorp debt at closing. Looking forward, 2019 will involve some complex reporting updates as we work to integrate Goldcorp and close the Nevada joint venture. In the second quarter, we will report consolidated Newmont Goldcorp financial results which will include Goldcorp's performance from the date of close. However, it's worth noting the guidance we provided in March assumed a full-year of Goldcorp production, costs and capital. Impacts from the Nevada joint venture have yet to be fully determined, but once the transaction is completed, we will fortunately consolidate our ownership interests and report the entity as a separate segment in our financials. Despite the reporting changes you will see in 2019, Newmont Goldcorp is well-positioned to continue a trajectory of industry-leading financial performance by executing our capital priorities and staying focused on long term value creation. And now I'll hand it to Tom for the discussion of our operations starting on Slide 15.
Nancy Buese: Yes. From an accounting perspective you've got it right. There will certainly be some noise in the system around the timing of these various transactions and the changes in reporting fundamentally will be the biggest piece of that. And then certainly we'll have integration costs for both of the transactions, which we'll report to you and then those will be adjusted out for earnings purposes. But yes, fundamentally, we'll be very transparent about those, but there will be additional integration costs for sure. And we will note everything out and then give you our best bridges to understanding both the impact of the Goldcorp transaction and then the Nevada joint venture when that concludes or when that closes.
Nancy Buese: We really aren't in a position to give guidance on that, but we'll certainly report it and be transparent about it upon conclusion.
Nancy Buese: Yes, absolutely. So, Barrick will create the financial statements that underlie the joint venture. Those adjustments will be made and then we will report our share from a proportional consolidation basis and that will be a separate segment in Newmont's financial statements. So, that's how you'll see that running through.
Nancy Buese: No. We're still working with Barrick as you would imagine on how we will receive all of the financial information that comes through. But again, we'll report that to the best of our ability through as a separate segment. So, you'll have good visibility to our 38 point whatever share of the entire venture. But I would say most of the information and guidance and financial results of the joint venture, you should look to Barrick for those.
Nancy Buese: We're still working to determine that date. Again, we are in the process today of absorbing and gathering all of our information for the Combined Newmont Goldcorp entity. The piece of that we'll have to work for is getting the very material impacts of Nevada JV. That will be something Barrick will compile once we feel like we're in a position to have all of those data points, we would want to provide a very complete picture to the marketplace. So, that will sort of TBD based on when we believe we'll have best information on the Nevada JV.
Gary Goldberg: Thanks, Tom. Turning to Slide 23, Newmont delivered solid first quarter results and laid the ground work for an even stronger future for Newmont Goldcorp. Our focus remains on generating long term value for our shareholders. We will do this by continuing to execute our strategy, which is to deliver superior operational excellence by focusing on safety and the culture of continuous improvement, sustain a global portfolio of long life assets by investing in the next generation of mines, technology and leaders across our business, and to lead the gold sector in profitability and responsibility by maintaining high standards and respectful relationships with all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your time. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Gary Goldberg: I'll take the last question and then I'll hand the first question back over to Tom. In terms of guidance, the plan would be when we announced our second quarter results in July, we'd update the Newmont Goldcorp guidance. As a reminder, that wouldn't include changes that might be impacting guidance from the Nevada JV that we'll pick on board once that gets established moving forward. In terms of integration, a lot of work going on on the integration front and has been now for well over two months. And I'll hand over to Tom on the details of the work that's going on there.
Gary Goldberg: And back to the core of your question, it was a little over 200,000 ounces what was planned for the full year out of a Musselwhite tangent, just to give you a flavor. So, even if you cook that out of our overall guidance, it's pretty small...
Gary Goldberg: I think it's still early days, Michael. Gary here, as we work very closely with Barrick in terms of items in regards to integration, how you bring the two workforces together. It's been a big focus. Right now, I'd say we're moving as expected at this stage. Regular meetings, in fact, it's been weekly meetings at the board level and meetings not just the board level, a number of folks where this financial folks, human resources, technical folks as we work to help set this joint venture up with Barrick.
Gary Goldberg: No, I think we gave that guidance back in January just to give a flavor that we weren't going to be locked on to any particular asset going forward. We want to make sure we understand the full potential of each of the assets, which is why we're going through the process to make sure we bring in our operating model and take a good look at each of the assets before we make any decisions to move ahead, maybe too hastily on divestiture. So, we continue to get inbounds as you suggest from a variety of different folks and we'll take those on board but we want to really make sure that we understand the assets well before moving forward. And frankly, we didn't have any divestments built into our acquisition model as we went forward, so we're under no pressure to divest in any kind of a timeframe.
Gary Goldberg: Thank you for joining our call this morning. I'd really like to thank the entire Newmont Goldcorp team for their efforts to continue to deliver safe and strong business results. We look forward to providing you updates on Newmont Goldcorp, the world's leading gold company throughout the year. Thanks very much.
Tom Palmer: It's Tom here. For Peñasquito, that hasn't had any impact on any Q1 production. We've been able to continue to run the mill as we work through that matter and the fire at Musselwhite occurred at the very end of the first quarter. It's still a fairly recent event that we're working through to understand what breadth [ph] is to come back in and remediate the areas that were damaged by the fire and do the rectification work, so it's still very early days there. But from a Q1 perspective, neither of those issues have an impact on Goldcorp's performance.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Gary. Good morning, Chris. The six Goldcorp assets, in effect there's no change for those successes. The six general managers remain in place, will have father those assets report through to Todd White as our new North American Regional Senior Vice President, Tera Negar [ph] report through to Alwyn Pretorius, our new South America Regional Senior Vice President. But we expect those operations to continue to run under the leadership of those various general managers and regional senior vice presidents. We'll see Newmont's impact these as we come in and start to go through our rigorous application of our Full Potential program, which is a very structured process that takes place over a couple of months of diagnosis and setting up delivery plans. And then there's normally a 19-24 month delivery program coming out of that diagnostic work. We'll start in June at Peñasquito, we'll move through to Cerra Negro and then through to [indiscernible] and I've had full potential up and running at three of the six sites before we complete this year.
Tom Palmer: Sure thing. And as we said, this did not exclude basically what Goldcorp's production was through April 17 of this year. So, we'll be addressing that as we go through and have a full 12 months of that production in 2020. This had 12 months for 2019 and it won't be that high. The other thing it doesn't have is any changes as a result of the Nevada joint venture and what might occur due to further project optimization and asset optimization including potential divestment. So, I would stay tuned for what we'd give in terms of an update in July, Chris, once we have further details to provide on the Goldcorp piece.
Tom Palmer: The vast majority of the benefit's going to come from processing and then mining improvements and then cost outs is sort of kind of come from support and other improvements to relatively small percentage. If you get back to some of our material posted on the website, that details that you can see a pie chart that breaks out those six assets and the contributions from processing, mining support and other where you see the contributions from processing and mining. A lot of that is going to come from improved productivity and reliability as opposed to cost out.
Tom Palmer: John, it's Tom here. No surprises. Our due diligence in subsequent work I've done to prepare for integration is all holding firm. We remain very excited about what we can bring to improve those efforts under Newmont operating model. And the other thing that is proven as through the integration process is the alignment between the two cultures at Newmont and Goldcorp. I've been over the course of my career involved in a number of integration exercises. This has been by far and away the smoothest integration exercise. We move through day one last week without a blip. And I think that's a credit to both the teams at Newmont and Goldcorp and reflection on the alignment between the two cultures of our organizations.
Tom Palmer: Thanks for the question, Greg. We'll certainly get through the three Goldcorp sites that have the greatest value contribution. So, we're predicting that $365 Peñasquito to be $50 million Cerro Negro $35 and Éléonore $25. We'll have been through our diagnostic process and be delivering value from the full potential work before the end of the year at each of those three sites. And then rolling through into the remaining three sites in the first part of 2020, we will throw our full potential process. You identify quick wins and so you'd expect to start to see value coming from that. There'll be some other activities that might take the order of 12 to 18 months through the full full-potential program. Then in terms of other synergies, the $100 million for G&A, that will come very quickly in terms of rationalizing and we're well down the path of rationalizing the workforce between Vancouver and in Denver and so on and so forth. And then the non-labor costs that come from that and we are actively involved in starting to get some of the supply chain efficiencies coming through. So, we will start to see run rate starting immediately. It will ramp up as we roll out full potential over the course of the next 12 months across the six Goldcorp assets.
Tom Palmer: It's still early days. It was a serious fire. Any conveyor fire underground is serious. Fortunately, it occurred at a shift change. So, there was now an underground. The fire was contained. But you have to go through when you have an underground fire that involves a conveyor system that you've got to go through a very robust process to understand how you access that area, understand the work to rehabilitate the tunnel and then to remove the damaged conveyor but the rubber and a conveyor structure. So, the team there are currently working through in parallel with the investigation. I work method to be able to re-mediate both the tunnel and to remove the damaged equipment. So, it's still early days to understand that remediation method and then how we might be able to then work through that conveyor tunnel and effect those repairs. So, it's just too early, Greg, to make an estimate of how long that will take.
Tom Palmer: I think it's still early days for us to be at it sort of to give you that sort of guidance. I'd hope by the time we come out with our second quarter results, we'll be able to give you a better direction and we'll have greater clarity on the remainder...
Tom Palmer: The issue with Musselwhite is that the materials handling system was an important part of the production for this year. And that will be delayed in ramping up in the second half. So, that's why it's something that we need to work our way through.
Tom Palmer: Morning, Stephen. It's a complex issue. And it's an issue that sort of covers some community members from the local community with some concerns around water and some issues around a trucking contractor. That's a complex issue in that it involves a couple of issues coming together. The blockade is partial and the discussions taking place with those folks are very active and I think I'm quite positive that they'll work through to a sensible resolution in the near-term. So, it's a complex issue. It's a contractor and some community issues and I think our team on the ground there working with local authorities and those stakeholders are actively working through a resolution of those matters.
Tom Palmer: No new issues, Stephen. So, it's associated with supply of water rather than issues with water quality or anything like that.
Tom Palmer: Well, thanks. Thanks, John. I think quite simply the 38.5% versus 61.5% that we came up with was based on consensus NAV by a number of analysts and it took the median of those numbers and came up with that. You could have gone at it lots of different ways and as you know, in the past we tried lots of different ways and never came to a landing. I think we came to a very successful landing both, for Newmont and for Barrick here going forward. And if there is additional reserves that are found on our property that aren't currently in a reserve resource, we have a 1.5% NSR royalty that would get paid to either one of the parties. The one asset that was excluded by Barrick was four mile because that's one that they still continue to go through and hadn't taken to a point where they understand the reserve resource position. So that has a process in which we can bring that into the joint venture going forward. So, I'm actually quite pleased with where we landed here and how we're bringing things forward and continue to work well with Barrick to bring this joint venture to reality in the next couple of months.
