Laurie Brlas: As Gary described our results indicate that our focus on lower cost resulted in a strong operating and financial performance for the quarter. With this focus we reduced cost, increased volume, delivered positive free cash flow and improved guidance. Turning to slide 13 and comparing this Q2 to the prior year quarter, as you can see we experienced a 7% drop in gold price and a 13% drop in revenue over the prior year quarter.  While our production was up, we did experience a decline in sales volume primarily due to the export issues in Indonesia. Our GAAP net income from continuing operations was $182 million including a tax benefit due to a settlement with the IRS. Our full year tax rate guidance remains 37% to 40%. However, we expect to continue to see quarter to quarter swings in our tax rate, for example including the sale of Jundee our effective Q3 tax rate will be above our full year expectation. We reported adjusted net income of $101 million or $0.20 per share compared to a loss of $90 million in the prior year quarter or $0.18 per share. Cash provided from continuing operations was very strong at $378 million up 27% from the year ago quarter reflecting our commitment to reducing cost and improving efficiencies. We continue to be focused on generating free cash flow and we achieved $124 million in positive free cash flow from continuing operations for the quarter.  Also during the quarter, we paid a previously announced dividend and as we announced this week our board approved a dividend of the same amount payable September 26. This dividend is based on our gold linked dividend policy and the average London PM fix during the first quarter which was $1288 per ounce. Turning to slide 14, we compare adjusted net income for the quarter to the prior year quarter. Lower sales volume and commodity prices compared with the prior year quarter were essentially offset by lower cabs this year as we focused on controlling what we could control. Improvements to cab are a direct result of the productivity inefficiency gains that Gary discussed previously. Stockpile revaluation had a significant negative impact on net income last year driven by the sharp drop in commodity prices in Q2 of 2013. With our continued cost savings efforts and reprioritization of projects, we saw a decrease in year-over-year advanced projects and exploration expense. As I previously discussed, we recognize the tax benefit this quarter, however this was a lower tax benefit than we recognized in Q2 of 2013.  After considering all of that, we reported adjusted net income of a $101 million or $0.20 per share for the quarter. Turning to slide 15, we reported gold cabs for the quarter of $744 down 17% versus the prior year and at the lower end of our guidance for the year of $740 to $790. This continues to demonstrate focus and cost control as we also see in our improved 2014 guidance. The stockpile adjustments we experienced last year were a factor in the improved CAS, but we also saw significantly lower direct spend for all the reasons Gary mentioned. This lower direct spend was enough to more than offset the impact of the lower volume I mentioned earlier and the effective hedging due to the change in the Aussie dollar.  Turning to slide 16 and our capital priorities, we continue to be guided by our capital allocation strategy. First, improving financial flexibility; second, enhancing our portfolio to focus on assets with the greatest risk reward profile, and third returning cash to our shareholders.  We ended the quarter on a strong financial position with $1.7 billion in cash and non borrowings on our $3 billion revolver. We generated cash from continuing operations of $378 million which includes free cash flow of a $124 million. Since the quarter end, we completed the closure of a $575 million term loan and pay off of the convertible debt in July as planned. Our portfolio was strengthened with the decision to invest in the Merian projects. We estimate that at current gold prices, Merian can be financed out of cash flow, available cash balances and asset sales including the recently closed divestiture of our Jundee operation.  Over the last 12 months, we have generated nearly $800 million from divestitures and reported over a $100 million in free cash flow, which positions us well to move forward with the investment in Merian. We have also returned $89 million to our shareholders so far this year. And now I will turn the call back over to Gary to discuss our improved 2014 outlook.
Laurie Brlas: Yes, that is really not going to be a cash flow item because that was primarily the revaluations last year that happened when the gold price dropped so we revalued the stockpiles that we have been carrying on the balance sheet so that would primarily be not a cash flow item. 
Laurie Brlas: No. Nothing specific like that Jorge and just a reminder that that 650 is going to be over the next three years so that expenditure covers a significant period of time here so it’s not all coming in 2014 or even ’15.
Laurie Brlas: No, we’re assuming 100%. We would not assume that they’re coming in, all of our numbers were, they’re 100% at this point in time, the capital expenditure and the production when it comes online.
Laurie Brlas: [Indiscernible]. There is no change to those estimates; we’re just pushing out by six months for the [indiscernible].
Laurie Brlas: The July 1st 8-K which we filed in conjunction with the announcement of the arbitration breaks out the Batu Hijau production and that’s not changed, it’s just pushed back and we can go over that offline if you would like.
Gary Goldberg: No, I think the ranges I gave in terms of the filing is a process that goes through nominating the different arbitrators that will represent folks and we’re going through that process now and as I mentioned several months before we get to a point of considering injunctive release. But more importantly, it’s a dual track process and from our standpoint, we’d rather reach an agreement with the government directly rather than go through the arbitration process but reach the point where we felt we needed to file that to get some certainty around the process.
Gary Goldberg: Yeah, by delaying basically six months of production at Batu Hijau in the forecast that pushed some of the production that we would have received at the very end of ’14 into ’15 and also slipped some from ’15 into ’16, so it’s ’16 up. 
Gary Goldberg: Yes, that’s basically -- Merian is the majority of it and we’ve got Conga with our water first approach going there.
Gary Goldberg: I think, from our standpoint in terms of case law, I’m not sure there’s a lot of examples that would mimic our exact case that’s going on but that’s why we want to continue down both arbitration path but more importantly to continue with dialogue with the government to try to reach a resolution. A lot has happened here in the last week or two in Indonesia and currently this week there’s religious holidays going on so we’ll see how the dialogue goes starting again next week.
Gary Goldberg: Basically what we’ve done, we’ve slightly increased the size of the mill but more importantly over the last couple of years because we’ve had time to do additional in field drilling we’ve confirmed the amount of saprolite that’s there, which allows us to be able to give the higher and increased production rates.
Gary Goldberg: At this point we’d be looking to add some additional crushing capacity once we get into that further down. I think the other piece getting back to what we’re looking at with Merian as we’re looking at outperforming, we’ll be working with G Mining and people who’ve had expertise in developing projects in Suriname rather than bringing in a large EPCM contractor to do the work.
Gary Goldberg: I think it continues a good performing asset, we see good expansion possibilities with the life as I mentioned with Corenzo and we’ll continue to work down the path of developing all our assets to their fullest capability but always be open to consideration if others should come along and value the asset more than we do.
Gary Goldberg: Thanks David. The timeframe they have basically once the right of exploitation has been issued, they’ve got a 105 days in which to fund their up to 25% investment. The amount that they would fund is based on a multiple of historic cost and actually they go through a process of auditing what’s been spent to come up with what the historic costs are and then we’d fund that amount and then we’d just carry if they didn’t exercise the 25% they would pay for basically their 25% share going forward and we’d cover our 75%.
Gary Goldberg: Yes, and the discussions we’ve had and we need to let them do their process and speak for themselves but they appear very interested in pursuing their 25% interest.
Gary Goldberg: It is 36. I need a table of all the ones from around the world because; I sure don’t want to make them all consistent but.
Gary Goldberg: We could at some point but at this stage we don’t see the need to do that, but at this stage we’re not considering it.
Gary Goldberg: I think in Africa we’ve done a couple of things, clearly building a team on getting things settled and moving that forward has been critical. I think the team’s done a really good job and we see good production as continuing well there. With Ahafo it needed a bit of a step back, much like we did at Tanami as we stripped out some of these projects, the mill expansion and the underground it helped to expose some opportunities to improve basically the overall plan and make sure that we matched mining rates to milling rates. By doing that that’s reduced our stripping requirements here over the next year or two and helped basically to improve the overall results there. And then we can look at those expansion projects in a more measured way and bring them on in stages rather than try to bring them on all at the same time.  At the same time, we are doing work at a Ahafo North to continue to better understand that resource and how it may fit in and what the timing maybe. And we’ve looked alternatives, whether it’s a standalone mill or we try to transport or down to the existing Ahafo complex. Right now probably looking better towards a standalone mill but that’s still out there in the sea where that sits on the pipeline.
Gary Goldberg: Yes, Patrick thanks for the question. At this stage because of where we are located, we are not on the grid. So it would take putting reticulation and connect this up to the grid to be able to that. That said with the gen sets we are putting in and we are doing it in a staged basis because we don’t need as many to begin with. We’re expecting our power cost at current diesel prices and oil prices to run around $0.15 to $0.17 per kilowatt hour. So I wouldn’t rule that out, but at this stage it would depend on finding more ore and being able to extend our resources there to look at those sorts of alternatives. So it’s not part of our current discussions with the government.
Gary Goldberg: It’s all in saprolite. The grade would drop just a little bit at that stage, but it actual stays fairly consistent over the mine life and we start to get into the fresh ore, the non-saprolite ore more in year six and seven in the plan. 
Gary Goldberg: I was down there a couple of weeks ago and had a chance to take a look at the pilot plant and see how it’s working. So they continue to work through as you’d expect just when you are working small heaps like this, then some of that some offset that you get along the way but they are producing a good quality copper cathode, we are getting the recoveries in sort of the time frames in fact a even a little bit better in some cases and testing what’s the right size. We did this at run a mine ore and different sizes of crushing to see what gets the best recovery over time and see how that then fits into our larger plan to develop that ore body, but that still remains one of several ways of developing the copper gold portions of the Yanacocha ore body as we look also at different milling and options to handle the NRJ.
Gary Goldberg: Yes, I think it’s a combination. So I wouldn’t just add for 400 on top out there. But it wouldn’t completely replacement; some of it will be in expansion especially I think the underground as we would go into that because of the higher grade that we get. 
Gary Goldberg: We’ll go ahead and change the guidance should the government decide to exercise its right and modify that going forward. It’s relatively small in 2016, you won’t see a big number change but we would get those numbers plus the change to capital expected.
Gary Goldberg: Basically, a use it or lose it approach I guess is one way of looking at it, they’ve got a 105 days from the issuance of the right of exploitation which now that the board had approved and we’ve announced that we’re ready to move forward, that happens first and then they’ve got a 105 days.
Gary Goldberg: We believe they have all the information they need in which to be able to issue that at this stage but need to now work closely and check in what their sort of timeframe is. I don’t expect it to be long, but it’s one we’ve got to work through with the government.
Gary Goldberg: At this stage the net advantage we have is these aren’t all coming in at the same time and they’re not real large projects in terms of capital, in fact Merian, the largest of the ones we’ve talked about other than Congo which obviously is a bit bigger than those, so we’re going to assess each at the time. Our focus is still going to be looking to deliver these projects from within our own cash flow and operating cash flow from the business, but we can assess at the time, but there’s no intention to either issue more debt or to issue equity to do these, we’re looking to do it from our existing asset business.
Gary Goldberg: Yes, I think you know the structure that they had and the things they’ve got different issues they were addressing in their changes to their contract at work. We’re having similar discussions with the government around making changes to the contract at work aligned with what both our mine characteristics are and the differences in our contract at work. That said we’re confident in our arbitration case otherwise we wouldn’t have filed it, but we’re really interested in finding a negotiated solution with the government and want to continue down this parallel path to resolve it as soon as possible. 
Gary Goldberg: Yes, at this stage Adam we are still going through finalizing the engineering studies and working to get the permit this year. We bring that one forward early next year for consideration. If we are to make the decision to move forward, we are looking at capital expenditure in the $250 million to $300 million range for that production level and that’s about a five to six year mine life that would have. So it’s during that phase of production that we’d be looking develop phase II and be in a position to have that take on either at the end or slightly before the end of that sort of five to six year mine life. So that’s all still a bit rough and we will get more details as we get through some of those studies and get more certainty around permitting. Operator I think we have one more.
Gary Goldberg: Well basically what you see in the copper, I am just taking a look at the production numbers and I don’t have the exact numbers in front of me.
Gary Goldberg: In North America slightly better, we had but not a very big change because we continue Mexico will help if not having Mexico in the first versus the second half will probably the biggest part driving that through.
Gary Goldberg: Thank you, everyone for joining us. It’s a very pleasing to talk about the results for the second quarter, strong results out in the operations as we continue to deliver our commitments to the market and to our employees and the rest of our stockholders. Very pleased to see Merian is moving forward, one of several projects in organic growth pipeline and I appreciate everyone joining here this morning. Have a good day, thank you.
John Bridges - JPMorgan: Sorry to be repetitive, but just wondering with Batu Hijau is there any case law around reopening the mine in arbitration process, you know. Do you have sort, how much confidence do you have in that scenario.
John Bridges - JPMorgan: Okay, in your logic (ph) about Merian you talk about a new innovative development plan there, what have you changed, the capital under there is relatively low.
John Bridges - JPMorgan: New Zealand, just finally, is bit surprising because there’s been a talk about that asset being up for sale, any thoughts about the longer term strategy with that.
David Haughton - BMO: Yes, good morning Gary, so I thank you for reintroducing that pipeline, it gives us a good idea as to where your projects are situated and the first one off the block is Merian. You’ve mentioned that there’s potential for the government to participate 25% in this project, what’s the timing and the kind of payments that they’d have to come up with to be able to do that.
David Haughton - BMO: All right and Laurie made the point that you’ve got the internal capacity to fund that, but what do you think about project finance at all for this endeavor.
David Haughton - BMO: Yes, fair enough. Okay and yes I did hear that, it sounded like you’re at the bottom of the well but I did hear that, thank you Laurie. And just finally just looking at Africa, it’s outperformed expectations and I guess the sense that one gets from that is, is it sustainable and what are the key drivers for you in making it sustainable at that, the outperformance would seem.
Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank: Then you implied that you had paid about 89 million of dividends, so the 100 million of free cash flow, I’m assuming that’s pre dividend. 
Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank: So rough number is what you earned in cash flow you paid out as dividend and then you also did about 800 million of asset sales. So, what I’m trying to understand on a go forward basis is how much do you view, you said that you internally cover Merian with internal cash flow, but you also mentioned the possibility of further asset sales so are you kind of earmarking any part of that of your 650 million CapEx to be covered by asset sales on a go forward basis.
Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then in your 2016 guidance, where Merian first starts up, could you comment, are you assuming a 100% ownership at that point or are you assuming 75% and then the government comes after their 20%.
Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank: Right, and how does the timing or the contract work for the government, do they have an open time table any time up until the mine is built or even after it’s built, to exercise that 25% option or is it kind of a use it or lose it thing under a certain calendar.
Jorge Beristain - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, and what’s the timeframe for when you believe they’re going to issue this right of exploitation.
Farooq Hamed - Barclays: Okay, sorry I missed the front part of what you were saying. So you are saying there is no change from what you put out previously.
Farooq Hamed - Barclays: So you are actually from the America side, you are looking at production both in North and South America in H2.
Farooq Hamed - Barclays: Okay, no that’s fair. I just wanted to update my numbers and actually had you guys coming down a little bit in the second half. So that’s helpful. Thanks very much.
