Nancy Buese: Thanks, Rob. Let’s start with a look at the financial highlights. In the first quarter, Newmont delivered $3 billion in revenue at a real life gold price of $1,892 per ounce, adjusted net income of $546 million or $0.69 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.4 billion and solid free cash flow of $252 million, which includes unfavorable working capital movements of $465 million in the first quarter, primarily driven by timing of cash collections and over $420 million of tax payments, largely attributable to 2021. Free cash flow was also impacted by higher capital spend, as Newmont enters a period of significant reinvestment and essential component in growing production, improving margins and extending mine life. First quarter GAAP net income from continuing operation was $432 million or $0.54 per share. Adjustments included $0.16 related to a non-cash loss on a pension annuitization settlement, $0.04 primarily related to a loss from the sale of La Zanja as part of the transaction to increase our ownership at Yanacocha. $0.05 related to the unrealized mark to market gains on equity investments, $0.04 related to tax adjustments and evaluation allowance, and $0.04 of other charges. Taking these adjustments into account, we reported first quarter adjusted net income of $0.69 per diluted share. In our balanced global portfolio combined with our discipline provides significant leverage to higher gold prices from the largest production base in the world. For every $100 increase in gold prices above our base assumption, Newmont delivers $400 million of incremental attributable free cash flow per year. And Newmont is the only company in the gold mining industry with the ability to generate these levels of attributable free cash flow, allowing us to confidently execute our capital allocation priorities and build from our position as the world’s leading gold company. A year and a half ago, Newmont was the first in the gold industry to announce a clear dividend framework with a decisive strategy to provide stable and predictable returns. Yesterday, we declared first quarter dividend of $0.55 per share, or $2.20 per share on an annualized basis, calibrated at an $1,800 gold price assumption and a conservative 40% distribution at incremental free cash. We continue to review our dividend each quarter with our board assessing gold price perform along with our operational and financial outlook over the long-term to determine the payout levels within our dividend framework. Since its introduction 18 months ago, Newmont has returned $2.5 billion to shareholders from dividends, demonstrating our confidence in the long-term value of our business and our ability to maintain financial flexibility, while steadily reinvesting in our future. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged with a clear strategy to reinvest in our business through exploration and organic growth projects, to maintain financial strength and flexibility on our balance sheets and to continue to provide industry leading returns to shareholders. In the first quarter, we delivered on each of these priorities by progressing our profitable reinvestment into the business with the advancement of our near-term projects and an ongoing commitment to our robust exploration strategies, enhancing our ownership of world class asset and improving mining jurisdictions through the acquisition of the remaining interest in Yanacocha and the Sulfides project, maintaining our industry leading dividend of $2.20 per share on an annualized basis and sustaining a strong balance sheet with $7.3 billion in liquidity and a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 0.3x, preserving Newmont’s financial flexibility across price cycles. As we look ahead, we are confident in our ability to deliver on our disciplined capital allocation priorities, creating long-term value for the business and maintaining our position as the world’s leading gold company. With that, I’ll hand it back to Tom on Slide 20.
Nancy Buese: So in working capital really, that was related – sorry, that was related to – working capital changes were related to tax payments made in Q1 that were relatively tied to the income and revenue received in Q4 of 2021. So that was the biggest. We also had some inventory that had not yet been sold as of the end of the quarter. So those were the key drivers.
Nancy Buese: Yes. That was truly just a quarter-end convention that happens from time to time. So that will release all of those sales that have already taken place into April. And then sometimes, we have a little bit of a buildup at the end of the quarter and sometimes, we don’t. But yes, I wouldn’t think of that as a consistent variable for modeling throughout the year.
Nancy Buese: Yes. We always look at a myriad of factors, including current valuation, our own forecast, trading amongst our peers and some of those kinds of things. So, we’ll always think about what’s proper value and when is a good time to get out and buy shares. So in the volatility we’re seeing today, we’re certainly just evaluating as we always do. We do continue to use that as a tool at opportunistic times and appreciate that we still have some runway left on that current program.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy. Newmont have a long history of leading change in our approach to ESG and these practices have been embedded in our culture and strategy and are woven into the very fabric of our company. Last week, Newmont launched its 2021 annual sustainability report. Part of the suite of reports and our company’s ESG practices in the key areas that matter most to our stakeholders, including health, safety and security, human rights, the environment, social acceptance, governance and inclusion and diversity. Some of the highlights from this year’s report include zero work-related fatalities for a third year in a row with our focus on verifying the critical controls that prevent fatalities and coaching frontline leaders to provide visible self leadership. Continuing to put the health, safety and wellbeing of our workforce and host communities at the heart of every decision we made and continue to make during this pandemic. A key part of this was adopting the requirement for all of our workforce to be fully vaccinated. With contributions to our Global Community Support Fund, we supported COVID testing facilities, vaccine awareness campaigns and vaccine rollouts in areas near our operations. We established the industry first sustainability linked bond, a bond that holds Newmont to account for meeting our 2030 initial reduction targets, and also to reach gender equality and see leadership bonds by 2030. By linking the interest rate paid to our ESG performance, this represents the next important step in aligning our financial performance with our sustainability performance. And finally, Newmont played an important role in creating economic value, contributing $10.8 billion to our workforce, host communities and jurisdictions through wages of benefits, operating costs, capital spend, royalties and taxes. Next month, we will launch our second annual climate report, which will outline Newmont’s climate related risks and opportunities, our strategic planning and the pathways we are taking to achieve our climate targets. We’ve been disclosing a non-financial performance since 2004, regularly ranking is one of the most transparent companies in the S&P 500 and positioning Newmont as the gold sectors recognized sustainability leader. We understand the strong ESG performance is an indicator of a world run organization, and we will only be successful if we forge and maintain strong partnerships with local communities and demonstrate our ability to mine and matter that protects the environment and creates opportunities for people. In order to address the critical global issues we face today, the mining industry will need leaders to scale mine life, superior cash flow generation, and an unwavering commitment for leading ESG practices. And we believe that Newmont is one of those leaders. We will continue to differentiate ourselves through our clear strategic focus and discipline our unmatched global portfolio of operations and projects and an integrated operating model with a deep edge of experienced leaders. As we continue in our next 100 years of sustainable and responsible mining. And with that, I’ll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Jackie. Good morning. Nancy, do you want to pick up this. Just passing across to Nancy to pick that question up for you, Jackie.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Jackie. I’ll pick up Yanacocha first. You will see spending pick up ahead of the full funds decision. So the first quarter was certainly the largest in terms of spend that builds up quite considerably. We’ll more than double that spend as we move into the remaining three quarters. So you’ll build through the second quarter the half to half waiting 42% spend in the first half versus 58% spend in the second. So we will be building that spend towards full fund approval at the end of the year for Yanacocha. And you are right, a similar story with Ahafo North. We are spending the money now on engineering and procurement and doing the important work with the regulators and the traditional leaders around getting the areas of land cleared of structures and farms and the like to be able to do the highway diversion, which has just been approved by Cabinet and for us to come in and really start to break ground, which will – which we are expecting will be moving through this quarter to get all that in place. And so as you get – as you really start to build up a workforce and get people on the ground doing the earthworks, you’ll see that spend build for Ahafo North in the second half. So I’d be seeing a similar weighting for Ahafo North in the second half. So if you’re modeling, I’d look at something more like 45%, 55% for H1 versus H2.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks Josh. I might just talk you through another level of detail in terms of what makes up our operating costs has us looking towards that top end of guidance. And if you are modeling off the back of that, if you think about our unit cost on a gold basis, it’s probably closer to 5% than the 3% as we look across our portfolio on the total metal, it’s somewhere between 3% and 5%. But if you look at the drivers of it, 50% of our spend is labor and that’s contracted labor as well as employees. So what we are seeing starting to come through with contracted services, whether it be specialized labor services or the general labor that you bring in for large maintenance shuts, if we are starting to see both shortage of supply of labor, as well as wage premiums coming into the prices that were being quoted for specialized services or shutdown. Also, for instance, Boddington did one of their major shuts through the first quarter. And we had to actually reduce scope for that shut because you simply couldn’t get the arms and legs to the mine site combination of labor availability in Western Australia and a time of the COVID being released into that community. So you are seeing, if you think about that 3% to 5%, 50% of the operating costs, a lot of it is being driven by what we are starting to see come through for some of that contracted services around our operations globally. And given that the quantity of that money then that 5% is sort of indicative of what we’re seeing flow through. But we want to watch it because it is a moving [feast] (ph). We want to really see how that plays out through the second quarter. And Josh, that will play through to exploration, and that will also flow through to some of the contracts contracted services we’ll bring in for – be bringing in for some of our capital projects. So, we’re watching that carefully. The next 30% is materials and consumables. The real driver in that space is ammonia, which we obviously use for explosives and cyanide. And to an extent, grinding media due to the rising steel prices. We’re seeing increasing pricing, probably, increases of 20% to 30% for our landed cost per cyanide. That’s flowing through to really representing a small proportion of our operating cost, probably less than 3% of our operating costs when you see that impact flow through. What we’re monitoring more carefully on the materials and consumables is what’s happening in the global supply chain. And there’s obviously a higher freight cost, but it’s also monitoring carefully to ensure that we’re getting that cyanide and explosives to our mine sites and actually have those consumables that we need to keep our operations running. So our focus is keeping a wary eye on cost, but more about actively monitoring our supply level for some of those critical materials and consumables. And then the last one, [15%] (ph) is energy and the driver of that’s diesel. We’re [assured] (ph) $6 a barrel, and we’re obviously see prices over $100 a barrel. So that’s flowing through in terms of the operating cost. But Josh, I think what’s going to drive that number will be labor, as we look at our business through the remaining part of the year.
Tom Palmer: I think the type – on the equipment side, that’s the one that’s been a particular issue for us, Josh. I think the area that’s going to be tight, but for supply and costs that we need to monitor, as I indicated earlier, is going to be labor. I think that’s going to be a key driver. And obviously, some of the consumables, just ensuring that we’re managing our – we lead into our global supply chain, those long-term relationships, and we’re monitoring that very, very, very closely. It’s also linked to decisions we’re making to derisk some of our operations. Knowing that this issue is potentially going to be weak, the world and the mining industry for some time, that decision we’re looking at around the deeper underground to drop down and open up a third level and have more headings from which to be able to take ore, is derisking that operation stepping back making investment now to the recent operation to better manage some of this volatility and disruptions coming ahead. So, we’re starting to make decisions that help us manage some of these issues going forward.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Good morning, Tanya. Yes, that’s correct. And if I give you a little bit more color on that, about 70 – so it’s 100,000 ounces below the 6.2 million midpoint that we’re starting to see open up. It’s managed operations that I’m referring to that are around about 100,000 ounces. 70% of that will come from Subika Underground and the work we do to step back, drop down, open up that third level and really, I was just commenting with Josh to really derisk that operation as we move forward. I think about 20% will come from Cripple Creek and Victor. As we, again, look to move to that simpler operation, just mining and heap leach and incorporate some of the delays that we’ve seen through both the impact of the Omicron surge through the latter part of last year and the start of this year, plus the very important decision we took to go to fully vaccinated at that site. So, we’ve got some work to do now to get ahead of some of the waste more to open up the ore to get them onto heap-leach pads. And I think the move to a simpler longer life operation will contribute about 20%. And then the remaining 10%, we’ve made up across the three Canadian operations that have been pretty significantly disrupted through the first quarter. So Tanya, around about 100,000 ounces. 70% will be underground 20%, CC&V, about 10% Canadian operations.
Tom Palmer: That’s correct. You’ll see when you look at gold production, with where we’re mining and kind of see that, you’re going to see a bit of a seesaw through the course of the year. So you’ll see – on gold, you’ll see it dropped in the second quarter. We will then climb again in the third, and it will drop again in the fourth, but it’s about evenly weighted across the two halves with a bit of that seesaw effect. So you’re just seeing the different the different metals come through as we’re mining through the different phases of both mines tenant.
Tom Palmer: Certainly coming out the other side, I might just quickly work through the four regions, Tanya. Coming out the other side, certainly in Canada, except for, I’d say, Éléonore, where we are still very strict with our protocols of testing and isolating because of our close connections with the First Nation communities around that mine. So, we have kept some pretty stringent controls in place at early on. But in general, certainly see Canada and in the U.S. Cripple Creek and Victor open up. Ghana is common as in its progressing well. Australia is where – I think Australia, in general, is a wash with the virus at the moment. So April is still being impacted through Tanami and Boddington, but starting to come out the other side of that is the you’re really getting to mill in the communities in around Australia. Peñasquito is solid and pretty solid through Merian [ph], Yanacocha and Cerro Negro in terms of being the other side of the [indiscernible].
Tom Palmer: We’ve got contract negotiations in process currently in Ghana. Mexico scheduled for July, Peru is in process and then Surinam, it’s been delayed, and then we’ve got a number of sites that aren’t covered by collective agreements. So they’re active, but there’s nothing that we’re seeing unusual in terms of how those negotiations are proceeding.
Tom Palmer: We’re pretty much seeing that across the board, and it’s been driven by what’s happening with the price of natural gas across the board. So it’s a little bit different driver than, I guess, normal because of the circumstances.
Tom Palmer: And then Ahafo North engineering is 90% complete and procurement 60% [ph] completeness as Rob indicated earlier answer to a question. We’ve got a lot of the key heavy mobile equipment landed in Ghana now. So we are really getting into that, getting the land access. We’re getting into the serious business of breaking ground and starting to do the civil works. And then start to build them, open up the mind build a processing facility. So again for that one getting that clear date where we have unfettered access to that land, which will happen through the second quarter, that’s the important milestone for us to then step back and understand what that schedule looks like to have that equipment that’s there. The engineering gives us more definitive pricing to then have a clear view of that project by schedule and cost. So probably similar timing to Tanami 2 during the third quarter, I think we’ll be in a good position to give an update based upon those two key milestones. Rob, getting there anything you add on Ahafo.
Tom Palmer: More Q4, Greg, we’ll flick as the engineer say, we’ll flick the line on the engineering in the next month or so drop out, drop out all those detailed schedules. And then you've got quite an extensive piece of work to do basically cost and schedule estimate to build towards the full funds decision. So that’ll consume the third quarter, so it’ll be end of the fourth quarter before you have all of that come together, but certainly the other two projects in the third quarter.
Tom Palmer: There's certainly elements that the mining industry are talking about in terms of that cost escalation we've been able to avoid because of the procurement we’ve got underway and the engineering that we’ve done and the like. However, so the issue for us is more that the pandemic has impacted the pace at which you can do the work. And so for us, it’s going to be as we actually, as we pause at those milestones and understand the work going forward you – and you look at what the schedule is against what we assumed it to be. For us it’s probably going to be more an issue of the indirect costs that you carry for potentially a longer period of time than you’d assume. So that’s going to be a factor for us and we’ll see elements, I think we’ll see elements for aligning of a shaft and that specialized labor that we’ll have some cost escalation. So sort of jumping around it a bit, Greg, I think there’ll be an element of it. And there’s an element that’s pandemic related, given we were into those projects. I don’t know if Rob, whether you wanted to.
Tom Palmer: You – Greg, I think given the capital projects we hit those milestones and have those definitive schedules and then costs I think probably better to wait and give you the definitive numbers as they apply to those two projects rather than sort of just throw out a number that’s a bit more generic.
Tom Palmer: Just before you move on, we’ll stay on the line until we’re exhausted until everyone’s question, so more than welcome to stay on. But we’ll stay here until everyone’s asked their question. Sorry operator.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, Anita. Yes, I think, you’re – in terms of that spend profile, I think you’re describing it. Well, I think you’re still going to see that similar weighting first or second half, the nature of these projects that spend will just flow into the following year and the following year, we’ll flow forward into the year after that. So I think it’ll be an element of maybe a bit more spend next year. But I think you’ll also see that it’ll move into 2024 as well. So it’s just that felt like moving forward. Still progressing towards the end of the year, full funds decision for sulfides. And once that full funds decision is taken, camp will be complete. So it’ll have beds for 4,000 people, Bechtel are gearing up. And we basically Bechtel higher the workforce directly for a lot of that work. And so with the assumption we get a full funds decision at the end of the year, we will gear up and start to ramp up into 2023. So I wouldn’t see a delay in us starting to break ground seriously on sulfides [ph].
Tom Palmer: Thanks Anita. What I might do is give you a bit of a general overview on that note to get Rob, just to give a bit of a color on some of those operations. But I think it’s we talk about the direct impacts from the pandemic, the Omicron surge in terms of labor availability in a particular quarter and costs and the like. But you’re also seeing what I’d call the indirect impacts where this pandemic has been chronic. And so your mine sequences are different from what they would’ve otherwise been if you were just have unfettered access to run your business as normal. So some of that grade discrepancies is the mine sequence and where you are in a particular month or quarter compared to where you assumed you would be, where certainly as we get the stronger second half of this year, part of that is linked to moving into higher grades. And Rob I don’t know if you wanted to pick up Peñasquito, Cripple Creek & Victor and or indeed more than happy to go offline with you and stick through some of that detail for you as well.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Up to two years, there’s other operations which have been relatively unaffected, but the worst is up to two years. There’s so much may only be six months.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Good morning, Adam. When you look at our yearly cost guidance, we don’t assume any inflation in those numbers. They’re unescalated. So if it was a standard year that we were seeing before this pandemic, we would typically have 2% to 3% escalation with them to get built into that number as we built towards guiding for next year. What we are seeing is unprecedented in terms of what’s playing out in the world with the combination of the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. So in terms of what look like next year, I think we’ve got to see more of how a few key events play out this year. What’s going to happen with the pandemic, other supply chains going to settle down is what’s going to play out in Ukraine? And as we start our work actually next week with our key leaders around the business starting to map out our business plan and we build towards in October Board Meeting to approve the plan and then regarding in December. So the coming months are ones in which we will step back, look at what’s happening on a macroeconomic sense. What’s structural, what’s cyclical, what is 2023 looking like? And therefore what are our unit costs going to look like next year? So that’s how and we look at…
Tom Palmer: I think we are in unchartered territories, Adam, and it's – I think you've seen throughout the – in terms of what I'm observing in the mining industry as folks are out reporting a very, very similar commentary, so an unchartered territory. I still, as we look at macroeconomics and after the debate, still see it as more cyclical and a long cycle than structural. But we are in unchartered territories, so I would say that there's some caution.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, Cleve and a very good question. We are actively debating that now. I think it is – we are now seeing, I think, in the same way that we're working our way through the inflation piece as you indicated and as Adam was trying to explore and understand, that inflationary piece is driving gold price. We're now seeing gold price at current levels and as we start to get in amongst our macroeconomics and start to have our internal debate starts to do our business planning work. Where is gold price heading and what does the flow look like for gold price is the debate that is active with us now, and we'll be having that debate over the coming months as we think about whether we're getting into the zone, where it's time to look at resetting the floor for gold price.
Tom Palmer: It's certainly something we are actively debating around, whether it's something we incorporate into our planning processes this year. As you unpack the macroeconomics around gold, you are seeing some fundamental shifts.
Tom Palmer: Yes. It's a bit – I might just pass across to Rob who manages the very close relationships with those key EPCM contractors, but – It's a bit variable across the projects, so to speak. It is clear, depending on what we're doing, there's some things that you lock in without a doubt. And we much prefer making sure that we've got things – we've got that confidence in clarity. But we've got other areas such as we've explained before, where the labor costs have gone up, the materials are capped, the manufacturing is capped, but it's the labor costs, which are flexible. So we typically like to have full confidence and full knowledge of what we're planning, but it's a little bit bearable, and depending on the work that we're doing.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks Brian. You are honing in quite nicely. It is predominantly cost-driven. And if you were to model on all-in sustaining cost per gold ounce, I'd probably use 5%. And I think we will get some benefit as we then come back to our total metal profile with a good another 1.5 million ounces of gold equivalent ounces of how those metal prices play out in terms of how you calculate a GEO that will give you some benefit in the unit costs. And maybe a bit lighter than the 5% as you are quite rightly pointing out.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Tanya. You're certainly seeing – what we saw play out in the first quarter was escalation or inflation at the levels that we'd assumed. So it's really, as we sell more of a production story related to the Omicron surge that is around Q1. And we now pivot into more of a cost story and additional inflation as we move into the remaining three quarters of the year. So you're starting to see in this quarter, those higher diesel prices flow through. And just to clarify, we don't hedge any of our oil. So it's spot price that you’ll see flow through in our cost base. So you're certainly seeing that oil price in our costs as we're into the second quarter moving forward.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator and thank you everyone for taking the extra time to work through our call with us today, and please have a lovely weekend. And I look forward to catching up with you on our analyst roundtable in a couple of week’s time. Thanks, everyone.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. Thanks, Tom. And just to add a little bit more color. As Tom said, it was Ghana really was specifically drilled for the Ahafo North project, we’re receiving our haul trucks, our graders, our water trucks, those are coming through. But as Tom rightly says, it is specific types of gears, specific types of parts. It isn’t everything.
Rob Atkinson: No, there’s nothing coming through in the medium term on that front, Tanya. So for that one, it’s more managing the landed cost from the input cost of gas and the logistics costs of getting it to where it needs to go.
Rob Atkinson: Good morning. Good morning, Lawson, and congratulations on your new role. Yes, when we’re talking about that guidance range, staying within our guidance range but certainly seeing us push towards the top 5%. That is making assumptions around current fuel levels and incorporating that in our costs. And probably, the other piece of information to have at hand, but looking at the Newmont portfolio due to that every $10 per barrel change in oil price, our free cash flow is impacted by $15 million per year. But for every $100 increase in gold price, we generate an additional $400 million of free cash flow. So the revenue side is certainly compensating for the additional cost of diesel or oil. But the assumptions we’re making around current oil prices and as we’re thinking about what oil’s going to do going forward this year, that is being incorporated into that indication we’re giving around the move to the top end of our guidance. But obviously, we want to understand that this world a bit more through this quarter. And as I indicated in our remarks, but we’ll provide a further update with the Q2 earnings.
Rob Atkinson: I think the only other color Greg is that, we have done 85% in engineering and the procurement, so that just highlights the good planning work and the good supply work that we’ve done. But as Tom said, it really is around that labor availability in particular in Australia. We’re pleased that the borders are open that helps that these are very specialist skills and the rates that we are seeing being creeping up a third of that.
Rob Atkinson: I think the only other one, Greg, that is just a significant milestone that mentioned in my preamble about the road that’s a road that goes through the lease. We’ve got full cabinet approval to move that. So again, in terms of schedule that was a very positive step.
Rob Atkinson: You covered the majority of it. Well, Tom, I think the only other thing, Greg, this is where you update the construction of the camp continues to go along really well. And obviously that’s key to allow the workforce to come in and start the major construction of the autoclave and the rest of the process plant facilities but that is proceeding very well.
Rob Atkinson: I would just reinforce Greg that the biggest issue, obviously, the cost of labor goes into capital is where all that’s the biggest risk that we’ve got is, I think we’ve been very good with our pre-planning and the decision making around the long lead time items and the advancement of the engineering. But it’s the cost of labor, which is going to provide that risk to the upside. And we’re – as Tom mentioned before, we’re seeing it in particular in Australia, and there’s no doubt that’s something that we’re managing closely and going to have to keep an eye on.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. I think, Tom, you covered the key things I need to just to reinforce what Tom said. We’re not seeing any major great challenges. It truly is the timing that with the challenges through COVID some of our developments go behind. We haven’t had the availability and the stops. And as Tom right said, we’re able to sequence, in particular, those underground mines in Canada that you mentioned. If Peñasquito, there’s nothing major or nothing different that’s happened there. And you’ll certainly see that rebound quite quickly in the coming months. And in CC&V in terms of the heat bleach – the heat bleaches is lower at the moment, but again, as we uncover the fresh or we’ll see that people, each grade raise. So it is around the timing. It is around the sequence. And we can underplay, especially in those underground mining sites that were affected by the Omicron, just the lack of development has impacted, getting to some of the stops at the time we expected, but no major issues. The grade is certainly still in the ground and you’ll see that rebound later in the year.
Rob Atkinson: I'd just add a couple of points there, Mike. And I think it's very similar to what you hear in the automobile industry that – we know that the significant delays for new cars, whether the microchips, whether it's capacitors, et cetera. And each one of the equipment manufacturers, they can get some things, but not all things. And they're managing their supply chains very, very carefully. So it's nothing different to what the car manufacturers are seeing. And again, one of the advantages in Newmont is that we are – we have got a global supply chain. We've got excellent relationships with our equipment manufacturers, but it's just staying abreast of their challenges, whether they're from – in China, whether it's from India, et cetera, and those key electrical components, as well as those ones which are manufactured elsewhere.
Rob Atkinson: The big project, Cleve Yanacocha – our supply chain team and the Bechtel supply chain team are working hand in glove as we understand, obviously, those 2023 key work packages that are out there now. But as we look at all the steel or the application of that steel and the other things to assemble a processing plan working hand in glove in terms of understanding that all those elements, what around the world, what's the status of those workshops and their capacity to take work packages. So there are elements of, as promises variable, but their elements where you actually want to be working hand in glove with that contractor to get the best outcome to deliver the project on time and on budget and deliver the value that you're expecting from it, so – for causes.
Rob Atkinson: Certainly, Cleve. And it's a great question. We have a COVID committee, which we meet on a regular basis for exactly that. And it's to respond to make sure that as things open up, that we open up the measures that we have. And just as an example, when I was in Ghana a couple of weeks ago. For the last two years, everybody has been wearing masks. Everybody has been sitting separately at lunch. There's no longer the need for masks, there's no longer the need for people to sit separately at dinner and launch, et cetera. And the same is at CC&V. And at Peñasquito, we've got a clear plan in terms of how do we start relaxing those metrics. In Canada as well. We've relaxed at Porcupine. But then, similarly, at the likes of Éléonore because of the First Nation that Tom spoke about, we are making sure that additional precautions are taken to protect those first nations. But similarly, we are constantly monitoring through our health partners, the different variants which are coming up. So we are very able to quickly ramp up those protocols as and when needed. But as – because of the vaccination, it has allowed us to utilize less vehicles because get more people in the vehicles. We can get back to more people in planes. We can get people back on to the buses, et cetera. So we're really responding to where the virus is at. But at all times, we can quickly go back if need be, and it's something that we assess on a very regular basis.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. And does your guidance – you mentioned the 53 second half and obviously, first half is going to be weaker. Does all of the asset breakdown that you provided in your Q4 numbers still stand? The only one I noticed that was a bit different was Peñasquito. I think guidance had been equally weighted, but I think you mentioned Q2 is going to be weaker. Just wanted to make sure I understood that correctly.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. So that’s within your guidance range you’ve assumed. Whatever wage inflation is assumed in your guidance for these contracts.
Tanya Jakusconek: Thank you so much for taking my – another question from me. I'm just thinking, as I listen to all of this on costs and – I know at the beginning of the year, when you gave guidance, Tom, in December, you were thinking an embedded 5% within the cost structure. Now, we're looking more at 8% to 10% in the structure. And I'm just kind of thinking, a lot of that what we saw in Q1, we didn't really see the full impacts of the oil price come through the cost structure, I think for most of the companies. And I know that ours is quite low. You've given guidance on $60 a barrel, and it's only a $2 per ounce move or a $10 per barrel move. I'm kind of just wondering, at what point do we get through that $2, like, when are we going to get to actual spot pricing? And when we do, am I looking more at a sensitivity of $6 per ounce or a $10 barrel move? I'm just trying to see, as we work through the hedges and get to full exposure, so I can kind of look into my 2023 numbers. Thank you.
