Nancy Buese: Thanks, Rob. Turning to slide 16 for the financial highlights. In the third quarter, we delivered revenue of more than $2.7 billion, which increased 57% over the prior year quarter with the additional sales from the Goldcorp assets and higher gold prices, adjusted net income of $292 million or $0.36 per diluted share, and adjusted EBITDA of nearly $1.1 billion, a 70% increase over the prior year quarter. Cash from continuing operations was $793 million, an increase of 85%, driven by higher adjusted EBITDA. Free cash flow of $365 million increased more than $200 million over the prior year quarter; free cash flow per share of $0.44 of which we paid $0.14 per share in dividends. As a reminder, our third quarter results proportionately consolidated the Company’s ownership interest in Nevada Gold Mines. For the third quarter our 38.5% of the Nevada Gold Mines joint venture contributed 334,000 ounces and generated $234 million of EBITDA. Turning to slide 17 for a review of earnings per share in more detail. Third quarter GAAP net income from continuing operations was $2.2 billion or $2.71 per share. The primary adjustment was a $2.88 gain related to the creation of Nevada Gold Mines. The gain represents the difference between the fair value of Newmont’s 38.5% ownership interest in Nevada Gold Mines and the carrying value of the Newmont Nevada assets contributed to the joint venture. Other adjustments included $0.49 related to valuation allowances and other tax impacts, $0.03 related to transaction and integration costs, and $0.01 of other charges. Taking these adjustments into account, we reported adjusted net income of $0.36 per diluted share. Turning to slide 18. We remain well-positioned to execute our capital priorities including maintaining an investment grade balance sheet, investing in the next generation of mines to improve margins and build a stronger reserve base, and returning cash to shareholders through our sustainable quarterly dividend of $0.14 per share. We have one of the strongest balance sheets in the gold sector. In September, we issued $700 million of debt at a rate of 2.8%, which was the lowest 10 years metal and mining coupon ever and is a testament to our leading financial position. Before using the proceeds to pay off $626 million of debt due on October 1st, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.7 billion. Looking forward we are well-positioned to continue a trajectory of industry-leading financial performance by executing our capital priorities and staying focused on long-term value-creation. And now, I’ll hand it back to Tom to wrap up on slide 19.
Nancy Buese: We do. There is a cap and we have not previously disclosed that but suffice it to say, we’re working with the carriers and the underwriters now to settle that claim. And our hope is to try to wrap that up by the end of the fourth quarter.
Nancy Buese: Yes. So, you’ll see -- as we recognize some of the full potential benefits, you’ll see those in a variety of ways. You will see them in improved cost structure, you may see them in terms of improved production and productivity and a few other places. So, I would say it’s a balance between cost and production probably swayed significantly more towards costs. And we will continue to refine those numbers as we present them to you over the quarters and recognizing folks want to understand how this is actually flowing through AISC and how will it flow through production. And again, as Tom mentioned, you’ll see most of that represented in our December guidance, and that will be the best benchmark for how to how to understand those savings. But we get to ask and will continue to provide transparency on that as we move forward.
Nancy Buese: Yes, Anita, a great question. And what we really wanted to do is, as we take on both the acquisition of the Goldcorp assets in the JV, we wanted to ensure we had maximum financial flexibility. So, we had an opportunity at an unbelievable coupon to just refinance that for now. But, that’s one thing we’ve really continued to think about. At today’s higher gold prices, debt repayment will be a significant priority. We just wanted to give ourselves some flexibility as we’re taking on what Newmont looks like today. But, you can certainly anticipate, as we are experiencing these prices, a significant amount of those dollars will be pointed towards debt reduction of those 21 through 23 debt towers.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy. Turning to slide 20. We are building momentum to deliver a strong fourth quarter and ensuring we are taking the necessary steps to position our business for long-term success. We remain focused on the five foundational principles of our strategy: Keeping our people safe with a relentless commitment to our safety culture and systems; growing margins through the application of our operating, technical and exploration discipline; leveraging our exploration program and unmatched portfolio to grow reserves and resources; optimizing our world-class project pipeline; and maintaining discipline around capital allocation. Thank you for your time. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Mike. It’s Tom here. So, the G&A number is a $120 million that you see on the right hand side, which is an increase from the initial commitment we made of $85 million. That value comes from collapsing two companies into one. So it’s the value that comes from no longer having a corporate headquarters in Vancouver and starting to run Newmont Goldcorp like we ran Newmont before we acquired Goldcorp. So, that -- the vast majority of that value is coming from corporate costs. And it’s about the focus we have had on driving down our overhead costs that we’re running this business as efficiently as we can. And from my position, we’re not finished yet. I think there is still more work for us to do to set this business up to run efficiently and as we move into 2020, you can expect to hear more from on that. 
Tom Palmer: Chris, I’ll pick up that one and maybe pass across to Rob to add any color. The $50 million quick wins comes from some very straightforward things, parking up 14 pieces of mining equipment that are excess to requirements, parking up an overland waste conveyer that’s required and taking a team from Boddington and tuning those SAG mills, so runs efficiently, and a bit of work around how we design a polygon in the mine and how we dig to the polygon. So, as Rob talks about some really basic things that we’re doing at Peñasquito. The thing that gets me really excited about Peñasquito and the value that it can deliver at the parallels between Peñasquito and Boddington. And I’d laid the turnaround at Boddington over the last six or seven years. And I can see the same story at Peñasquito and the opportunity for us to improve throughput particularly at the front end of that mill attacking all of that experience from Boddington and rapidly applying to a Peñasquito is what gets me very excited about the value and the upside that we can deliver from Peñasquito. In terms of long-term view, less than four weeks, we’re providing our guidance for five years. That’s probably the best way to give you a summary of how Peñasquito is going to shape up over the next five years or so. 
Tom Palmer: Yes. You’ll start to see that flowing through. I’ll pass across to Nancy to -- she’s probably better placed to answer that question.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Again, we’ll provide some more detail to build upon the information we’ve provided a previously, in a few weeks’ time, with our long-term guidance. But that project continues to meet our internal rates of return. So, it continues to present as a very profitable mine. And I’d expect that we’ll be able to show some good cost improvements in our story that continues from the one that we’ve shared with you over the last 12 months for that expansion of that operation.
Tom Palmer: Chris, you will see the same asset by asset approach for Newmont Goldcorp going forward that you had for Newmont in the past. So, for the next 12 months, you will see asset-by-asset, you’ll see three years by region, you’ll see five years for the portfolio, same as we’ve done for a number of years now.
Tom Palmer: Well, there are number of factors driving our strong fourth quarter and they are not from former Goldcorp assets. You’ve got Ahafo Mill Expansion that’s going to have full quarter of run rate. You’re moving into higher grade ore at KCGM, you’re moving into higher grade ore at Tanami. So, there are a number of former Newmont assets that are contributing to that fourth quarter. So, it’s a factor of mine sequence. And when our mines are reaching some of the high grade ore, that’s driving a higher fourth quarter this year. And when we guide in December, we’ll give you some indication through our guidance as to how 2020 is shaping up in terms of a year -- half year on half year or quarter-on-quarter performance.
Tom Palmer: Just to clarify, Carey, we never said Éléonore was a potential optimization asset. It’s a core asset in our business, and the exploration potential around Éléonore is first class. And that’s the region we are very happy to have our foot on. So, I don’t know where that story has come from but that’s never been the case. Porcupine, some really good opportunities around Porcupine to optimize that operation, particularly as we look to bring in Borden and the contribution from Borden and upside from Borden. So, our focus with Porcupine is on optimizing the value from that asset.
Tom Palmer: It’s a bit of apples to oranges when you start to compare from that March guidance to what we’ll present in 2020. You’ve got -- since March, we’ve formed a joint venture in Nevada. So, you’ll see the impact of production and costs from that joint venture that we’ll talk to in that first week of December. You’ve got a potential divestment of Red Lake that comes into that equation. You’ve got different mining sequence from Peñasquito as you flagged, in terms of when ore might present. So, there are number of factors that come into play. At Ahafo, we’re moving into a different mining method next year as we mine the Subika underground mine with a sub level shrinkage method that wasn’t back in March 4. So, there are a number of factors that will be different from March 4 to what we present in the first week of December. We will provide clear explanation of that when we provide our long-term guidance.
Tom Palmer: So, 40% run rate by the end of this year, 80% by the end of 2020, and 100% by the end of 2021 was the initial commitment that we made. We are now sitting at essentially 66% of that run rate at the end of 2020. As part of our long-term guidance again in four weeks’ time, we will give you an update in terms of how we’re tracking based upon that guidance against that initial commitment that we made.
Tom Palmer: We’re on track with the process we’re running. We’ve just completed the site visits. So, we remain on track.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Andrew. It’s not linked to the materials handling system, it’s the replacement conveyor. And I’ll get Rob to take you through some detail on that.
Tom Palmer: And just another comment, Andrew, on putting keeping Musselwhite is an important mine in our portfolio of 14, given the context of our portfolio represents approximately 200,000 to 250,000 ounces. So, one of the advantages of having a portfolio of our size and spread globally is that we can manage through this issue. But, it’s at that scale compared to our portfolio.
Tom Palmer: What we like about those three projects that we have sitting at prefeasibility stage is the very long life that they present. And I can underpin investment thesis for the Newmont Goldcorp that represents very long life that can go out through the next two or three decades or beyond. And where those projects sit, all three of them in prefeasibility study phase is it gives us in conjunction with our joint venture partners the opportunity to really work on and optimize those projects, get good competition for capital going, so that they present in the second half of the next decade as the first project that may come on to extend the life of our business. We look at those projects as doing them in series, not parallel. So, you can look at those three projects, the opportunity to optimize them and then sequence them, you can have those three projects come on through the latter part of the 2020s into the 2030s, and into the 2040s and really underpinning long life for our business.
Tom Palmer: Anita, it’s Tom here. It’s be February, and we will make sure that we bring that information out. Typically, we drop a press release, but I think for next year, we’ll make sure we signal that and take you through that information as that’s ready. But, it’s a -- into the New Year exercise for us to complete all that work.
Tom Palmer: For the operating assets, it will be underpinned by the mine plans that underpin our business. So, it’ll be the assumptions we have used.
Tom Palmer: We’ve pushed that back, the prefeasibility because we think there’s exploration upside potential there that we want to better understand. Marcelo Godoy, our Head of Exploration is particularly excited about the opportunity around Coffee. But, what we’re looking at is doing the drilling program to better define that resource and keep that project in prefeasibility stage and so we can better understand that, optimize that project, and then bring it forward in competition with the other project. It sits alongside in prefease.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. And thank you for your continued interest in Newmont Goldcorp. Thank you.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Matthew. Very simply, it’s material that we are currently trucking up from underground to the surface. And when those stocks get to the sufficient level, we’ll restart the plant next year. But, it is all that’s currently being mined halfway down the mine.
Rob Atkinson: That’s correct. The best way to run a mill is flat out to not at all. And we want to make sure that we’re in a position of not starting and stopping.
Rob Atkinson: It very much is. And certainly I was up there a couple of weeks ago. So, the operation firsthand, the team’s making great progress. And I mentioned in the discussion that we’ve awarded the contracts. So, segmentation are on board. And we really are pushing that project to bring it on by early October next year. So, very good progress.
Rob Atkinson: It’s a good question. And going back to what I said, the key relationship we have is with the communities and that’s where it’s got to start and finish. The CAVA trucking live some in that community, other elsewhere, but very simply our discussions are with that community and that’s what we’ve got to solve with the government, both state and federal that we are having other discussions to make sure that the Cedros community is first and foremost, and that’s where our discussions lie, and that’s where we are absolutely targeting to deliver long-term sustainable future. So, certainly, our priority is with the Cedros community. And CAVA, we have to manage on ongoing basis, but our focus again is for Cedros.
Rob Atkinson: Very much, the water is the key part, the other thing is that we want to have an ongoing relationship. Relationship shouldn’t be transactional. And we want to make sure that the Cedros community is benefiting from the presence of our operation there. But a large part of that is to have reliable, predictable and a high quality of source of water. So, that forms a large part of the discussions, but certainly not the only part.
Rob Atkinson: And I think, Tom, if I could also just add that one of the key things that we are doing next year is to make sure that we’re well set up for the long-term future. And as an example of that at Éléonore, we’re working very closely to make sure that our stoping sequence is right that we’ve got that flexibility and also that we’re doing the Musselwhite to make sure that we’re no longer in that one stope position that we were just 12 months ago that we’ve actually got several stopes. So, all the work that we are doing is very much focused on the long-term and we’re setting mines up as such.
Rob Atkinson: Greg, it’s about following the mine sequence and how the grade presents through a portfolio 13 or 14 operations. So, we don’t try and optimize to get smooth quarter-on-quarter. We look to optimize on what’s the best value and then, let those mine plans, those mine sequence follow in good order. 
Rob Atkinson: No problem. Good morning, Anita. It’s really very simple that we’ve been working hard to get the stocks back into a good sequence so that we’re minimizing all the mining stresses that we are looking at certainly higher grade coming into the quarter four. So, very, very simply, it’s those two issues that I think we’re getting back into a better sequence and the stocks which are presenting are of a higher grade. So, that’s all there is to it.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. The numbers you’re quoting there, Anita, go back to our guidance from early March, but don’t incorporate the impact of the Musselwhite fire that happened in late March.
Rob Atkinson: No problem. Thanks, Andrew. And again, this is a sequence of events. So, really the -- what we’ve been working hard on at the moment is the rehabilitation and the dewatering. That had to be done to be completed. We’ve got one more area which is a transfer point to demolish and salvage some of the old gear, and that will be done over the coming months. The contract in place to get a suitably qualified experience contractor was also a part, and that’s been awarded and we expect full site mobilization to be completed by early January. Now, as Tom mentioned, the materials handling, it’s a very important part. If you remember that we’ve got a shaft and we’ve got conveyor at Quecher, that’s being commissioned, and we’re expecting that to be fully commissioned roundabout the end of the first quarter. The mechanical completion of the belt we’re expecting to be somewhere towards the end of the second, early third quarter, and then that’s where we can do the plant completion the technical support and the ramp up to allow us to get to October. So certainly, while it’s not the material handling system, the material handling system only comes into zone with the belt running, and that’s when we can get the true efficiencies. So, we’re going to get a double whammy that when the belt comes back, it’s going to be a lot more efficient domain in general with the materials handling system as well. But, that’s the sequence of event that we’re looking at over the next nine months, nine or 10 months.
Rob Atkinson: I think, a good rule of thumb is for, if we’re in for that and certainly I think we’ll be comfortable for the couple of reasons is that it gives us the flexibility, if there is challenges with stopes, it also give us the flexibility with grade. And the key to all that is making sure that our development is well ahead that whether there is a Musselwhite to any of our other mines keeping that 18 months in advance is so key. But, a good rule of thumb we are aiming at just to just have at least four. 
Rob Atkinson: The grades, we are about to hit some good material in the mine after the pre-stripping has been done. So we are going to have sustained period where the grade is going to be higher. I think, a good rule of thumb is about 0.5 gram per ton is where we’re typically sitting for the final quarter. 
Chris Terry: A few questions for me. Maybe we could just start at Peñasquito a lot of moving parts there. Just wondering if you could comment on the last technical report you had out versus how we should expect the run right from here. I think, you mentioned higher throughput, 50 million, Full Potential savings. So, just wanted to sort of think about how that asset is shaping up in forward periods? Thanks.
Chris Terry: And then, maybe just to ask a question on the slide going through the synergies another way. Of the 40 million that you’ve added, the $240 million, just wondering if you could comment on what we should see of that actually flowing through to the cash line, so actually on the operating line. Thanks.
Chris Terry: Okay. Thanks, Nancy. And then, in terms of just following up on the costs as well. Just at Tanami, I just wondered if you could comment, thinking about the expansion, the second phase and where that asset is at. I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit on what you’ve seen on the cost reduction from the pipeline versus your original expectations and whether the benefits coming through there? Thanks.
Chris Terry: Thanks, Tom. The last one for me, just in terms of the guidance going forward and maybe you will have more color in the next month or so. But, are you going to be guiding on an asset-by-asset basis or going to more of a regional approach like you have in this release? Thanks.
