Nancy K. Buese: Thank you, Gary. Turning to slide 12 for first quarter financial highlights. Compared to the prior year quarter, revenue improved 8% to over $1.8 billion, driven by higher realized gold price. Adjusted net income increased 36% to $185 million or $0.35 per diluted share and adjusted EBITDA increased 12% to $644 million. Cash from continuing operations was $266 million, primarily due to higher working capital outflows and increased investment in exploration and advanced projects. Turning to slide 13 to review our earnings per share in more detail. First quarter GAAP net income from continuing operations was $0.32 per diluted share, up 146% from the prior year quarter. Primary adjustments included a $0.01 loss related to restructuring costs and a $0.02 loss primarily due to valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. Taking these adjustments into account, we delivered adjusted net income of $0.35 per diluted share. Turning to capital priorities on slide 14, we have one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector with total liquidity of $6 billion and a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 0.4 times. We continue to invest in the next generation of Newmont operations in order to improve mine life and build a stronger reserve base. We also remain focused on returning cash to shareholders. Earlier this week, we declared a first quarter dividend of $0.14 per share, reflecting an increase of $0.09 over the prior year quarter. Based upon an annualized $0.14 per share quarterly dividend plus the share buyback program executed in the first quarter of this year, we're on track to return more than $350 million to shareholders this year. Looking forward, our balance sheet strength and strong free cash flow allow us to continue executing our strategy. And now, I'll hand it over to Tom for discussion of our operations starting on slide 15.
Nancy K. Buese: Sure. Great question and just a reminder, we don't give guidance on free cash flow. I would think of it more of timing differences and a couple of drivers for that is really timing of shipments created a bit of an AR build at both Merian and Phoenix. There was also a bit of build on leach pads and con inventory as we prepare to ship from CC&V over to Nevada. And then, in this particular quarter, there was a bit of timing around accounts payable just mostly at North America and Boddington. So I would consider those to be just a bit of anomalies for this particular quarter.
Nancy K. Buese: Sure. We have been watching that one very carefully. There have been movements in that area from a legislative perspective and our tax department and our gov-rel people, as well as our operations people have been very closely tied to that. We understand generally the thinking around a royalty-based profit or an ad valorem-based, either of which we've evaluated and have considered the impacts on our plan. So as we build our business plan into 2019, we'll figure out the best way to incorporate those and that will also be represented in our guidance that we gave later this year. We don't expect significant changes, but we are certainly watching that and will reflect our guidance as appropriate.
Nancy K. Buese: Again, we don't give guidance on free cash flow, so it's kind of hard to give you a view as to exactly how that will unwind. But we'll try to provide some transparency to that as the year goes on.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you, Tom. Turning to slide 22. Newmont is anchored in four regions where we have the stability and the resources we need to continue investing over time. More than 70% of our production and about the same amount of our reserves are located in the United States and Australia. We continue to fund high-return projects to sustain future production and improve our return on capital employed. These factors position us to maintain stable returns over the next decade and beyond. Our portfolio is also differentiated by our near-mine growth prospects. Turning to slide 23, our pipeline is among the best in the gold sector in terms of depth and capital efficiency and it gives us the means to maintain steady production while growing our margins and our reserves. The newest addition to our pipeline is Chaquicocha Oxides, which Tom presented earlier. Projects included in our outlook are the current and sustaining capital projects you see here. Northwest Exodus and Twin Underground in Nevada, Morrison and the Tanami Power Project in Australia, the Subika Underground and Ahafo Mill Expansion in Ghana, and Quecher Main in Peru. A mid-term project that will improve our outlook is Ahafo North, shown here in green. We expect to reach a decision to fund this project in the second half of 2019. Finally, we continue to invest in progressing our longer-term projects, shown here in dark blue. This pipeline lays the foundation for steady long-term production and profitability. Turning to slide 24. Here's a look at our production profile over the next seven years. Our gold production is forecast to remain at about 5 million attributable ounces. And our share of global mine production is projected to grow from 4.4% in 2015 to 5% by 2024. This profile includes production from existing operations, as well as sustaining and current projects that are included in our guidance. The green layer shows production from our mid-term Ahafo North project which is not included in our guidance and the dark blue layer shows two longer-term feasibility projects, Tanami Expansion 2 and Yanacocha Sulfides, which represent further upside. Overall, Newmont's stable asset base and robust project pipeline represent a distinct competitive advantage as does our leading reserve profile. Turning you to slide 25. One of the practices that distinguishes Newmont is that we never stopped investing in exploration across the price cycle. And in 2017, that investment paid-off as we replaced reserves depletion at a constant gold price and increased resources. The value and risk profile of our reserve base also compares favorably to the gold sector average. We offer 128 ounces per thousand shares and an operating reserve life of about 12 years and more than 70% of our reserves are based in the U.S. and Australia. Another distinction is that our mine grade is about the same as our reserve grade. Our focus on quality reserves has helped sustain top quartile total shareholder return since 2014. Putting it all together, we continue to deliver strong results and position the business to generate more value over a longer time horizon. Summing it all up on slide 26, our performance in the first quarter was strong but indelibly marked by the six fatalities our team suffered at Ahafo. The best thing we can do for our team and our shareholders is to learn from that loss and recommit to our strategy, which is to deliver steady gold production safely and at competitive costs over a longer term time horizon, continue to invest in the next generation of mines, leaders and technology across our portfolio and stay at the head of the pack in terms of the value we create and the standards we uphold. Thank you for your time. And with that, I'll open the floor for questions.
Gary J. Goldberg: No. I think, Chris in terms of – as you put it, we've got a great pipeline of organic projects and we really remain focused on those. We do continue to scan the horizon and look at things and kick the tires as we've done over the years. CC&V having been the only one that we actioned over the last five years. We'll continue to look but really see the production and the potential of the projects we have and from the exploration work that we do. And we're focusing on some of these earlier stage areas like I mentioned in my comments in South America, in Africa, in North America, and in Australia. And we keep focusing on those.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think I'll hand that one over to Nancy. I think, I mean, it's been talk primarily in Western Australia that has been where the focus has been. We've been through a couple of rounds. Our key focus has been on getting the facts out in terms of what the true impacts are on royalties and working with other gold producers in that region. In regards to Northern Territory, I'll hand over to Nancy where that's at.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. Thanks, Tanya. So our focus over the last two weeks, as I talked about is really making sure that we're providing support to the families impacted by the tragic accident and ensuring that our teams are getting the support they need to ensure that they are focused on doing the work safely.
Gary J. Goldberg: In terms of the mill expansion itself, the status of it, this accident happened in around the civil construction and we're about 70% through that work for the project and very much moving into the structural, mechanical piping phase of the project. So that's the status of the project. We're reasonably well-advanced and if you recall commercial production's in the second half of next year. So we're going through a process, as we look to ramp up, of inductions, refreshers and doing robust risk assessments on all the work fronts we have across that project as we bring it up to speed. And then, we'll assess what impact that ultimately has on the timetable. But into the structural, mechanical piping stage of the project and second half of next year for commercial production.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I'll hand over to Tom. Usually, we don't get into the big details at this stage until it moves a little further along, but I'll have Tom cover where we stand with that.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you all for joining our call this morning and I appreciate the questions. Newmont had some solid first quarter results. We produced 1.2 million ounces of gold at all-in sustaining costs of $973 per ounce in line with guidance. We advanced profitable projects and exploration projects on four continents and we increased our dividend while maintaining a strong balance sheet. But we also experienced a terrible loss. Please join me in keeping the families of our fallen colleagues in your prayers and in renewing your commitment to work safely above all else. Thank you.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Chris. The major maintenance work, it's our annual – every second quarter we do the annual shutdown on Mill 6. So that's typically a three-week shutdown and so that's the major maintenance impact on production at across the business in the second quarter. Now, Mill 6 is now taking concentrates from CC&V. So again, you'll see the impact in terms of stockpiling some of those concentrates and then they'll come through the mill as we come out of that shutdown. So just commenced that shutdown and it runs for about three weeks.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, David. So I don't know if you can still see slide 18 in your deck. But as we have drifted -- we drifted in underneath that pit exploration drifts to understand and define the sulfides deposit. But the exploration drifts we sized as production drifts. So we have that capacity there. So now, as we'd identified and defined that oxide deposit, those exploration drifts will enable us to further define those. And then we'll have – as through the exploration drift (00:29:30) to that mine infrastructure and ready them up to develop the stopes and mine that ore. So exploration drifts provides some of that infrastructure. The upsides then provide a further bridge from Quecher Main to the sulfides. That ore is mill grade, so it can process through our current mill at Yanacocha. And the work we do to bring it on will actually provide synergies in terms of infrastructure for underground sulfides at the Chaquicocha.
Tom Palmer: We certainly looked at those options, but the one we're taking a pre-feas is to access those through underground mining, through the exploration drifts you can't see in that picture that are sitting in underneath that deposit. And then, the little blobs you see on the north side is where we're drifting out to further explore those. So we're pretty excited about what that might present over the coming months as well.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, David. The run rate is predominantly driven by our spend on Tanami Power. So you'll see that as we've got pipe being delivered, we're into the right season now in the Northern Territory. We'll have – I think it's five work fronts sinking that pipe. You'll see that's been increased as we start to construct both the pipeline and the power stations at Tanami.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Tanya. So Morrison, we're scheduled to start that lay-back in the fourth quarter. We had talked previously about approving it in the first quarter, but we made a decision to combine the final permits for Morrison, with some other permits associated with the road out to the tailings facility into a single application. That's now with the government and being processed and we'd expect to see that permit come through probably in the third quarter, in line with starting that lay-back on schedule in the fourth quarter.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Tanya. So the Ahafo surface mines and the existing mill at Ahafo were all back up and running 24 to 48 hours after the accident. The Subika Underground was up and running in the similar timeframe. So the Ahafo operation is running as per normal. So this is really then the extension to the mill. And we're working – as I say, we're working through that process. As Gary said in his talk we're actually working through those restart activities and risk assessments now. We're not anticipating any change to our guidance as we work through this process.
Tom Palmer: I think that's pretty reasonable, Tanya. It's certainly going to see it pretty flat through the second quarter, yet cost will be up because of the maintenance work. You'll start to see Q3 come up a bit. But certainly going to be Q4, as we get into the – we actually get the Subika Underground starts to ramp up, but you will be into the Silverstar or into higher grades at Merian.
Tom Palmer: Thanks. Thanks, Gary and Carey. As Gary said, we're still in the fairly early stages of this study. Just moving into pre-feas and the project is really about extension of the open pit moving into underground and moving below the water table. So a key part of the pre-feasibility study work is working with the various state and national agencies to advance our water models and do the field work associated with understanding the impact of de-watering. So it's really at that stage as we work through probably, that work over this year and into next year. If that all proceeded well, you'd be looking at starting, stripping in 2021 and moving through to 2024 and your first production would be after 2024 and we're looking to line it up as we come out of the current Phase 1 that that would then be a seamless transition into Phase 2.
Tom Palmer: At that stage, I'd be saying it's probably more maintaining the current levels. But we're still – it's early stages in the pre-feas. We've got a fair bit of work to do on understanding that whole water balance.
Tom Palmer: Yes. So really as we move into definitive feasibility, it's really about now optimizing on that project as we move forward for full funding. We're looking at around an annual production of 250,000 ounces out of a standalone mine. It's about 30 kilometers northeast of the existing operations. We've got about 3.3 million ounces of reserves and around 1 million ounces of resource. We're looking at a 13-year mine life and investment in the range of $750 million. And we're working towards a decision in the second half of next year and around about a three-year development schedule.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. Okay. Thank you. So, it's just being put into another permit and moving forward. It's still on the same timeline.
Tanya Jakusconek: And is there any point at which if we're down and of course, safety is number one in making sure that mine can come up safely. Is there a point in time that if we are not up and running, let's say, by Q3 or Q4 of this year that we slipped. I just don't know the timeline in term of slippage.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. And then, what Nancy said, the unwinding of the working capital adjustment will help with the free cash flow generation. Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much.
