Tom Palmer: Thanks, Laurie. We continue to deliver strong operating performance in the third quarter, most notably lowering injury rates by 12% and working without injury at Tanami and Merian, producing slightly more gold as increases at Cripple Creek & Victor, Carlin, and Boddington more than offset decline in production at Yanacocha; and maintaining capital discipline and delivering efficiency gains at our operations and projects. Our cost performance for the quarter was impacted by some accounting charges, including a write-down on the La Quinua leach pad in Peru and inventory draw-downs in Africa; and some operational changes, including low-grade, deep transitional ores at Yanacocha and a geotechnical event at Silverstar, one of our Carlin's surface mines. Turning to our regional performance on slide 16, as Gary mentioned, we're commissioning Phase 1 of Long Canyon. We added cyanide to the leach pad last week and we shipped carbon to Carlin for stripping and produce first gold next month. Studies to pave the way to develop Phase 2 of Long Canyon are also underway. We've completed the Cripple Creek & Victor expansion. The mill is producing as expected and ramp-up of our new valley leach facility and recovery plant is progressing on course. And this performance keeps us on track to meet our investment case. Finally, we're extending out Exodus portal mine to the Northwest. Work to install arrays and some ventilation equipment is underway. And this project will reach full production in 2018. The slip at the Silverstar mine in the Carlin North area will impact fourth quarter product. Fortunately, we were monitoring the wall and had evacuated people and equipment well ahead of the slip. As context, mining at Silverstar is expected to end this year. So, there is no impact to longer-term production or costs. We're making good progress at Leeville underground, where we fine-tuned our ground control plans and developed special roof bolts designed for the prevailing conditions. We've also changed our mining methods in some areas of the mine to address this challenge. And lastly, Andrew Woodley, an experienced mining leader, would join the Newmont team on January 2 to run our North American business. Turning to South America on slide 17, Gary and I were in Suriname two weeks ago to congratulate the team shortly after they first poured the first gold at Merian. We were pleased with how well and how safely the transition from construction to operation is going. We're keeping our options open at Yanacocha through the potential development of Cocha main (18:47) to extend oxide production. We're also advancing our sulfide studies. We have three drill rigs operating in the Chaquicocha decline and are testing autoclave recoveries at our labs here in Denver. Finally, we're working to revise our reclamation plant for Yanacocha to update the scope, timing, cost estimates, whilst preserving optionality for future development. We'll provide an update with our fourth quarter results. Turning to Australia on slide 18, we started full potential in Australia nearly four years ago, and the program continues to yield positive results. We delivered record throughput at Boddington and KCGM during the third quarter, and I expect this performance to continue. I'll also take this opportunity to recognize the team at KCGM, who have achieved significant improvements in safety, cost and production since Newmont took a stronger leadership position at that operation last May. At Tanami, the dual decline is in use. Engineering, procurement and demolition for the mill expansion is complete, and construction of the new facility has begun. Our work to optimize the mine of Tanami continues, including adding ventilation to support future development, and we remain on track to finish the expansion by mid-2017. Finally, turning to Africa on slide 19, Akyem and Ahafo continue to deliver solid performance, achieving steady improvements in mill throughput and recoveries, and Africa remains our lowest region for injuries. Looking forward, we expect to reach a decision to fund the Ahafo Mill Expansion and Subika Underground projects in the fourth quarter. I'm pleased with our strong operating performance so far in 2016, but we still have opportunities for further improvement. And I look forward to bringing you up to speed on those improvements in future calls. With that, I'll return the call to Gary on slide 20.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Gary, and good morning, Tanya. We commissioned the facility exactly as we planned to this year. What we'd assumed in our plan which goes to those 20,000 ounces is we thought as we're building gold inventory in circuit that before we declared commercial production, we would pull off around 20,000 ounces. As it turned out, commissioning went very smoothly, but we didn't drop first ounces out of the circuit until essentially the 1st of October. So, just the way the commissioning went, that 20,000 ounces didn't present in the pre-commissioning, so we started first gold from the 1st of October. So, a slight offset as we move into the remaining part of this year, around the 100,000 ounces rather than the 120,000 ounces.
Tom Palmer: You'll see our guidance for Carlin for production, we're dropping from, I think, a range of 1,040 ounces to 1,100 ounces down to 970 ounces to 1,030 ounces. So, that's the impact of those geotechnical issues. With the slip at Silverstar, we're monitoring that. We're right near the end of mining that pit. We understood that fault. We're monitoring that area. We'd stepped out to just add a bit of protection and then the slip slowly came down. As I said in my notes, we had people and equipment well clear of that area. So, that's the main driver of the impact on the revised production guidance for Carlin for this year. Some of those ounces will push into 2017, so we were expected to be out of that mine at the end of this year. As a result of this issue, we push into the first part of the first quarter and some of those ounces will move across into next year.
Tom Palmer: I think what you're seeing at Boddington, four years of full potential work, excellent leadership from Alex Bates and the team there at Boddington. That mill is really hitting its straps. All the work we've done over several years, that team is driving that mill to record performance. We've had record months. We've had record weeks. And it's really the fruition of a lot of hard work to improve the availability and the reliability of that facility down at Boddington.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Yeah. This is the result of a lot of a hard work, a very capable leadership team, and I fully expect that performance to continue and to look to improve.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thanks, Tom. Our project pipeline, which I believe is the best in the gold sector, gives us the flexibility and optionality we need to grow margins while maintaining steady production levels. This version of our pipeline shows a timeframe for delivering projects into production, all the way out to our greenfield exploration prospects on the far left. Earlier-stage projects represent additional upside to our production and cost guidance and the next cabs off the rank are the Ahafo Mill Expansion and Subika Underground mine in Ghana. Turning to slide 21. The Ahafo Mill Expansion is designed to leverage existing infrastructure to build capacity and improve costs, would also offset lower-grade ore and accelerate profitable production from stockpiles. The Subika Underground mine will produce ore grades that are three times higher than the current surface mine grades, and create a platform to explore the region's significant underground potential. As Tom mentioned, we expect to reach decisions on both projects in the fourth quarter. If approved, they would add between 225,000 ounces and 300,000 ounces of gold annually with first production in 2018, and lower Newmont's all-in sustaining costs. Ahafo is a great example of our success in extending mine life and reserves through exploration. Turning to slide 22. Our team has added 123 million ounces of gold reserves by the drill bit over the last 15 years. Exploration remains a core competency and the most cost-effective way to add high-quality ounces to our reserve base. In fact, about 60% of the gold we'll mine this year was discovered by Newmont geologists. Recent success stories include Long Canyon, where we've increased reserves and measured and indicated resources by more than 50% since we began reporting reserves in 2013; at Merian, where we've grown the base by more than 165% to about 4.5 million ounces since 2010; at Tanami, where we've expanded our base by 200% since 2003, and confirmed the potential to double it again by expanding existing deposits and developing adjacent discoveries; and finally, at Ahafo, where we've more than doubled our base since 2003. What you're not seeing here are inferred resources or inventory, which require more definition before they're considered viable. Turning to our market outlook on slide 23, low or even negative real interest rates are making gold an increasingly attractive investment and gold exchange traded fund holdings have increased by 18 million ounces or nearly 40% since the beginning of the year. In the medium term, we expect prices to rise on improved fundamentals. On the supply side, three-year average gold discoveries have dropped by more than 75% between 2007 and 2012. And mine supply is expected to decrease by about 6% from 2015 to 2020 due to aging ore bodies and slower project development. On the demand side, we expect a rising middle class in China and India to drive steady growth. Taken together, the two countries represent more than 50% of current consumer gold demand. Despite these positive signs our strategy remains the same. Turning to slide 24. We've built a solid foundation over the last three-and-a-half years and our work to improve our performance, portfolio and balance sheet continues. Though we're not relying on rising gold prices or resting on our achievements, our goal is to be the world's most profitable and responsible gold business. And you can count on us to continue raising our game by delivering world-class safety, sustainability and technical performance, continuing to optimize our operations and our portfolio, maintaining a strong balance sheet, and leveraging it to grow value, repay debt and return cash to shareholders. Thank you for your time. I'll now turn it over to the operator for questions.
Gary J. Goldberg: I think a couple of things, Andrew. First of all, I think there's potential upside in mill throughput. As we get things ramped up, we'll have a better idea on what the actual potential of the mill is, but we see that as a potential upside. We're not building that in, in our current guidance as we look into 2017, because I'd like to give them a few months of actual experience to see before we try to build that up. But I see that as one upside. I think exploration, and as I alluded to in my comments, it's still open in all directions there. We continue to see good results. Whether it's an underground potential deposit or actually an expansion of the current open pit, the results we see could lead to just a bigger open pit there, which – with much higher grades than what the current ore body average is. And that shows up – I don't think we've got it in this slide pack. But in the last quarter slides, we had some cross sections that showed some of that drilling below the pit. So, I'm very encouraged there, and we continue to look. Sabajo is in the region. It's about 30, 35 kilometers away, and that's an additional deposit. What's good about that is it's the saprolite softer ore. So, it would be good in terms of improving and continuing the throughput characteristics at Merian. So, overall, still very pleased with the potential there. Of course, none of that's been built into our current guidance.
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure. I think in terms of reconciliation, we're probably reconciling with a bit higher tonnes than what was expected. And that's not unusual as you're at the upper parts of the ore body, on the fringes to have found that. But as we get in, grade is reconciling very close to what we expected. As you may recall, when we announced the project, I talked about the fact we did an additional roughly $25 million worth of drilling to understand that ore body. So, I'm not surprised that it's coming in, but that's coming in well. I think in terms of the ore quality, yes, and that's the nature of saprolite, it's soft. We've kind of duplicated how Rosebel handled that material in terms of using bulldozers and the backhoe to help feed into the mill, and that process is going well. I think early on here, for the first several months, as we're in that very surface part of the ore body, we encounter – actually, you're right, at the surface, where you've got roots and things from plant materials. So, some of that's come through. But I think the team's worked through a method for handling that. That's been probably the only thing they've had to manage with, that I wouldn't say was a surprise, but just it adds some complexity to the startup. But I think the startup and ramp-up's been going very well and all according to plan.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. I think, at this stage, Long Canyon, we haven't updated. I'd like to get it up to the commercial production point, and then at that point, we'll update our guidance on the capital. But it's going very well.
Gary J. Goldberg: Okay. Well, I think the same as what we just told David, we're tracking – we'll give an update when we achieve first commercial production, but we're tracking very well against what we expected.
Gary J. Goldberg: Yeah. The number of the conditions precedent have been met in terms of different approval of the buyer shareholders, for instance, the resolution of certain tax issues and government approvals. And I was over there last month with Randy. We had an opportunity to meet with the team on the ground in Batu Hijau and in Jakarta to thank them for all their work through the transition and all the work they've done, especially through some of the challenging last three years as we've had to work through the changed approach to getting export permits. Also, I had the opportunity to meet with government officials in that process as well to thank them for their support. In terms of the key outstanding item remaining is actually getting the concurrent sale or the sale of one of the partners. Basically, the Bakrie's MDB, and having that sale go through. There's elements of that we're not in control of, it's stuff that they need to work through as they go through that process as that comes to a conclusion. That's really the key main item that's left outstanding.
Gary J. Goldberg: Sure. I'll run through. They all vary, as you can imagine, based on their complexity. Yanacocha sulfides at the top is about a two-year process to work that through pre-feas and on into definitive feasibility. Awonsu and Apensu Deeps are really underground extensions around Ahafo. And that's really primarily a combination of drilling and how things work. That's probably a more of the two to three years sort of a timeframe. Ahafo North is more in the three-year timeframe as we work through the next stages for that project. Tanami Expansion 2, I would see in that same sort of two- to three-year timeframe. So that – well, three – it says below three to five years at the bottom. And then, Federation, the same thing. It's really getting the expansion – Tanami Expansion 2, by the way, is a shaft, is what we're looking at for production there because the deposit extends so much at depth. So, hopefully, it gives you an idea. And that was the idea of putting the years at the bottom. Three to five is a general kind of a rule, but they all vary a little bit around there.
Gary J. Goldberg: Thank you, and thank you all for joining the call this morning. I know you've got lots of activity going on in the space. The Newmont team delivered another strong quarter and our work to raise our performance to the next level continues. We're also pleased to share good news, which includes appointing experienced finance leader, Nancy Buese, to the role of Executive Vice President and CFO, effective October 31; announcing higher dividends in the fourth quarter and an enhanced dividend policy for 2017, and a $500 million debt tender; delivering Merian into commercial production safely, on schedule and more than $150 million under budget. Thank you again for your time and have a safe day.
Mary Lauren Brlas: Sure. Thanks, Andrew. Thanks for your comments. At Ahafo, we're into a point where we're going to start to draw down on the stockpile. From a cash flow standpoint, that's a very positive because we have less tied up on the balance sheet. But those are generally going to be higher cost ounces than what we're mining today. So, you'll see a bit of a negative P&L impact on it, but we're also focused on (26:40) cash. So, it's a positive on the cash side.
Mary Lauren Brlas: I think you're going to see that going into next year; that will come through in full detail with the 2017 guidance. But as we wait for the Ahafo Mill and Subika Underground, I think you're going to see that continue for a bit.
Mary Lauren Brlas: The debt is all paid off, so there's no debt coming. That's something that we handled already. So, that will not affect it. There are some deposits that the buyers already made. So, that has an impact on it. And then, we'll also – well, from an accounting standpoint, we'll note any cost of it. But for the most part, you're going to get most of that money just coming directly through the $875 million that was on the slide is what we expect to come through.
Tanya Jakusconek: Great. Good morning, everybody. And Laurie, congratulations on your future board work. Questions on – some technical questions, if I may. Just coming to Merian, Gary, seeing things have started off well, why then the 20,000 ounces downward revision to guidance for that asset for this year? I mean, I know I'm splitting hair, but maybe there's something with the plants or the routes that had to make adjustments. I'm just trying to understand what changed your guidance.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. Well, that's good. And maybe one for you, Gary. I know we talked about Batu Hijau, hopefully, the completion of the sale very soon. And I was writing viciously some of the things that are still left to outstanding. Can you just review again what exactly are we waiting for to just complete this? Like, what have we done and what are we waiting for? Sorry, I just missed that. Yeah.
Tanya Jakusconek: Okay. So, the rest of the other ones you've mentioned you pretty much have that in place. Obviously, the export permit you said that sometime in November it expires and you're looking to have that one renewed.
