Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy. Newmont has an unmatched portfolio of world-class long-life operations and an organic project pipeline that is the best in the industry. While we and, the broader mining industry continue to face a range of challenges brought forth by this global pandemic, I am confident that our key strategic focus, proven operating model, superior execution, and leading ESG practices has positioned Newmont to remain the world's leading gold Company and continue to deliver long-term value to all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Fahad, and good morning. I'll pass the question across to Rob. We're seeing a combination of two things that I think Rob can expand on in terms of actions we're taking. Voluntary attrition, particularly at the Company, on the fly in, fly out site. So still at levels that you typically expect in a FIFO site, the low teens, 12%, 13%. What we're seeing on top of that is the compounding absenteeism associated with COVID. So you can get 10% to 15% absenteeism. On top of that where people are unable to attend work because of COVID-related absences. But that sits behind the number, two of our three sites are FIFO sites, and I'll let Rob to talk to some of the actions we're taking to mitigate and control that trend.
Tom Palmer: Fahad, I'll pick that up and again throw across to Rob. But we are certainly is going to see a strong fourth quarter out of Ahafo compared to the first three quarters, which were pretty consistent. Rob will continue to talk to the drivers behind that strong fourth quarter.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Michael. I'll kick-off, get Rob to provide some color. I'll also ask Dean Gehring, who is our Chief Technology Officer and is accountable for our global supply chain to make some comments on trends as well. We've been flagging at the end of last quarter that we're seeing cost inflation trends are starting to see some of those flow through now, and it's part of our fourth quarter story, and we're certainly seeing those flowing into at least 2022, and that was part of our comments about how we're starting to see 2022 shape up. So 2022 is, I think, going to be for the mining industry, a cost escalation story. We've got pretty consistent, little, on improvement on production. So there's certainly a cost escalation story. We're seeing it still upwards of around 5% when you aggregate it all together across materials, energy, and labor. But we are seeing some pretty significant movements within that aggregated number. In fact, in some instances, we're seeing some improved costs, adversely in Australia, CAT parts, Caterpillar parts are coming in cheaper as a consequence of exchange rates and the like. But we are seeing some significant trends, as I say, at this stage, aggregated at around the 5% mark. Rob, if you want to add any color to that? Then, Dean, if you can build on them.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Michael. Certainly, I see in our industry with the number of publicly listed companies in the gold space is order of magnitude more than any other commodity. That in itself says there's an opportunity for consolidation in terms of the additional [Indiscernible] that you have. The elevated gold prices, I think, probably hold off a lot of that consolidation. I think I don't believe that it will be necessarily some of these near to medium-term cost escalation that will drive consolidation. I believe that the issue around the work that needs to take place for all mining companies to achieve 2030 carbon reduction targets, greenhouse gas reduction targets, and ambitions to achieve net zero by 2050, which we're clearly seeing many governments around the world sign up to in order to achieve those targets, you will need scale and you will need life, and over the course of this decade, we will see consolidation driven by that imperative. So I predict climate change will be the driver rather than some near-term COVID related escalation.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Greg, and good morning. The key challenge behind commissioning the autonomous fleet, and I'll get Rob to provide some more color, was associated with the significant whether that you had in that mine at the time you're trying to commission the trucks. We're through and now got the truck's commission and some of those tuning issues in place. As I said, I'll pass across the Rob to give you some color on how that fleet is performing now that we've had about a month under our belt of fully autonomous operation in that mine, which is one of the factors when you can actually move to fully autonomous and you're not managing the interaction with vehicles that have people inside of them. As Rob provides you some detail, it's in the context of whether it's continued in Southwestern Australia. In fact, October, not even the end of the month, is already the wettest month since records began in that part of the world. So in that context, I'll get Rob to give you some color on how autonomous haulage is performing.
Tom Palmer: Greg, those expect tonnes are presenting to the mill, the mill is running exceptionally well, and it's running at record rates. So we are confident around the fourth quarter, particularly as we enter into the next year for that truck fleet to deliver would expect tonnes in our mills are performing well.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Josh, and good morning. You're certainly going to see costs at Newmont and in the industry all about it because of these escalation pressures that we've been talking about, the inflation pressures. But the cost improvement is still coming at Newmont. Because it's associated with the reinvestment we're making back in our business. So we'll continue to see improvements out of Boddington with autonomous haulage as it's now being commissioned, as Rob was just talking about how you can tune a very predictable autonomous system because of the automation now of the fleet. We'll see improvements from the commissioning of the shaft at Tanami. We can bring ore at surface much more efficiently. The underground mining method at Subika, the near-mine Ahafo North, and Yanacocha Sulfides are all investments that we're making that will deliver improved costs over the guidance for five-plus year period. So those investments being made, so improvement in costs will come to those investments because we'll be delivering and producing ounces at much better margins. What we're seeing as a consequence of COVID is those three key development projects, Tanami 2, Ahafo North, and Yanacocha Sulfides have been delayed and sitting on top of each other some more. So we will see through '22 and '23 a significant development capital spend. In fact, it will be a development capital spend that we haven't executed at Newmont in a generation, so it's a significant reinvestment in our business, and we really start to see the benefit from that investment later part of '23, into '24, '25, '26, and '27 with some of those projects. A slight delay in terms of when we see those better margin ounces coming through and some stacking up of that development capital as a consequence of managing around COVID.
Tom Palmer: Josh, sustaining capital for a portfolio of our size is really about $1 billion. It might be $951 million a year, $1.50 billion another year. As I look at our business plan, it's a pretty steady spend for a portfolio of our size around the even $1 billion. For the development capital, Mike and Rob just can provide a little bit more color. But for both Tanami Expansion 2 and Ahafo North, some of the factors that impact cost wave got locked in. I'll get Rob to cover those two. So Yanacocha Sulfides, obviously, we delayed the full time due to COVID through the second half of next year. We're continuing to do all the detailed engineering. We're continuing to do the critical path to procurement, which is locking in factory slots for oxygen plants and specialized steel, for the clothes and the likes. So we are de-risking Yanacocha Sulfides in this environment. Then Rob made some color on Tanami 2 and Ahafo North in terms of cost.
Tom Palmer: So just building on that, Tanya, the fleet is performing at record levels or required levels, even during a wet October at Boddington. We're about to enter into summer in Western Australia, and you don't see a cloud in the sky from about November through to March, April, so the system is tuned and well set up to have a very solid run over the next six months and beyond.
Tom Palmer: Tanya, to this broader question, our development capital spend will be similar levels to what we're currently guiding to '22 and '23, and what you'll see into '24 is a little bit of that, a little bit more capital in '24 as a consequence of the three key projects sitting on top of each other, there's a delay in Yanacocha Sulfides. So similar spend levels, a little bit more in 24.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Tanya. We will continue to try and do a long-term mine planning reserve and resources at $1200. That maintains a discipline in our strategic mine planning and ensuring that we're then making very conscious decisions if we want to try and cut off grades to bring certain [Indiscernible] . Strategic mine planning and acquisition of reserves or resources now change to the $1200, and yes, we will provide you cost guidance next year, at the $1800 gold price assumption, and as in the script, our all-in sustaining costs next year, assuming gold is at $1,800 is going to be pretty much the same number that you're seeing for this year as we start to pull together our plan. There's still a few moving parts. Nevada Gold Mines due to come in, but everything is direction according to similar levels to this year at $1,800 gold price. Drivers become more cost than production drivers as they have been for this year. Our gold production is sitting up around 5% more than this year. So if you want to put a pin on that number, it's probably going to be around 6.2 million ounces for next year. We will continue to provide a view of all-in sustaining cost at $1,200 gold revenue price. So we'll continue to provide that as a reference point in our guidance, but we will give you the $1,800, we'll assume $1,800 flat for the five years that we guide to and show you that cost profile. Dean or Mike, if you just to talk to Tanya's first part of the question around supply chain disruption and what we're seeing there.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Tanya. Operator, for the people on the call, we'll keep going and take everyone's questions. If we've got the time available, we'll stay on the call as long as need be to answer questions. So operator, we're ready for the next one.
Tom Palmer: So you've got production impact, you've got an inflation impact of about 5%, and then you've got your taxes, production taxes and royalties. The combination of those three will bridge the gap between our $1,200 to our $1,800 number in 2022.
Tom Palmer: No, it's essentially that wave moving for Tanami from '21 into '22 and what's in '22 moving to '23, and then if you look at our overall development capital number, there's some Ahafo North numbers that we assumed in '21 but move into '22 and then pushes out into '23 and '24. Then Yanacocha Sulfides has a similar [Indiscernible] , it's a combination of the three with that spend moving around that ends up with some more issues when we guided, you'll see some more development capital in '24, but similar rates for the Newmont portfolio in '22 and '23.
Tom Palmer: So the Yanacocha Sulfides spend is included in our current guidance. Yanacocha Sulfides spend with a delay in full funds approval to the second half of the year will be in our updated guidance in early December. The nature of the timing of that project is that when you look at a five-year view of our production, you're only going to see a very small number of the gold and copper coming into our production profile. We really get the benefit of that gold and copper at good prices in '27, '28, and beyond. So we're going to see the spend, but we're not going to see the benefit in our five-year guidance.
Tom Palmer: Yes, that's right. So what you are seeing in our development capital spend over the five years in our current guidance includes the big ticket items of Tanami 2, Ahafo North, and Yanacocha Sulfides.
Tom Palmer: Danielle, the risk then with that nature of work in front of you is being able to get people to the mine site to do the work, and as vaccination rates in Australia are now up in the mid-70% and very much on a trajectory to earlier the new year to be 90+% across the whole of the country. Some of the challenges of being able to move people around the country through the state boarders will drop away in the first quarter, and we'll have a clear run through to be able to have basically the [Indiscernible] on-site to do the work.
Tom Palmer: None whatsoever, Danielle, and we fully comply with those legal requirements, but no impact, in fact, Penasquito is running superb. It's really hitting its strengths.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Adam. Very confident in the number that we're looking at for next year. I look at that number and we have a number of world-class assets that make up that production number. So in Australia, Boddington and Tanami are important contributors. Australia is just about through the worst of all the constraints they've had around COVID restrictions, hot label market, so it's more cost issue, a autonomous haul had just in running at Boddington, which is the largest area for labor at Boddington. If you didn't have autonomous all trucks, we've just mitigated that area with that fleet. So that production number underpinned by those two big assets in Australia, very confident. Ahafo South in Ghana, underground mining method coming on stream as we speak. It's set up for a very solid year, very much rolling out the vaccines now in Ghana, as I mentioned in my comments, 100,000 vaccines that we're looking to distribute not only to our workforce, but their families and the communities in which we live and work. Penasquito, as I just mentioned into Danielle's question, it is really hitting its straps and running well. That is the engine room of Newmont, and then Nevada Gold Mines, Carlin, Cortez and Turquoise Ridge, fully expect that those three big world-class assets, along with Pueblo Viejo, will continue to deliver on their commitments. A little color on Pueblo Viejo. We had a few of our team down there in the last couple of weeks. Their vaccination rates are essentially 100%. So the ability for that operation, the Dominican Republic to continue to run and run well. So Newmont will deliver on its production outlook. If those assets that I mentioned deliver on their commitments, and I'm confident that those assets will. In terms to 2023, you will have an impact. COVID is going to be with us for awhile. So you will have an impact where we've had a couple of years where you haven't been able to do the development rates that you would have ideally liked to as you're managing health and safety and all the other controls. So that will have a flow on impact through 2022 and 2023, as well as some of the delays on our development capital spend, and we need to get some of the ounces flowing through from those projects. So I think you'll see a COVID-related impact on '22 and '23. So it's fairly flat, and then you'll get some benefits coming more in the '24 and '25. So a little bit of delay as a result of both COVID. COVID impacts both operating and what you're doing to develop in your mines, as well as your development in key growth capital spend.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Adam. I think the world is in uncharted territory in terms of these inflation. So I don't believe it's structural. I believe it will be cyclical, but I think it will be a longer cycle than normal, and COVID is going to dictate that cycle. So certainly seeing all the indicators or so we're going to have elevated pricing, and that's going to be with us through 2022. I'd say too early to predict to see whether that cycle then comes down again in '23 or stays there. We'll put a lot of attention into our 2022 cost guidance to include inflation, and then typically, we don't tend to try and predict that far out into the future with our cost numbers. So we would talk to our '23 and beyond numbers and not fully having accommodated inflation, we'll just do it the next year. It's very hard to predict that.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us, and please, as the world is starting to open up, please take care of your health and safety and the safety of your loved ones, particularly as we enter into the winter months in the Northern Hemisphere. But thank you for your time, everyone.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks Tom, and Fahad, the other thing I'd just mention to build on what Tom said, to certainly [Indiscernible] there were points in the third quarter were some of the highest infection rates of COVID in Canada as well, and in particular, at Musselwhite, we were up to 15% absenteeism because of what Tom spoke about. We've taken the basic steps where every person who's absent is being case-managed, very high profile in terms of who's at work, who's not, the reasons why, and the follow-up and the necessary management there. There's also in terms of recruitment, we've got a very focused team, dedicated team just on the Canadian sign market to make sure that we are something around employment as quickly as possible, try and bring new employees and onboarding them very, very quickly. But certainly, it boils into the basics as the vaccination rates go up, as the controls enter and really doing the basics of managing well. If there are people that we're seeing regularly off, they're being managed very, very closely. But, there's nothing, no rocket science, it's really just doing the basics very, very well.
Rob Atkinson: Certainly, that underground continues to come along very well and we did our first firing earlier in the year for the sublevel shrinkage, so we are seeing higher grade come through there, and the performance of Ahafo in generally in the open pit and in the middle has been very positive. I think, it's, again, just the factors of the decision we made around the underground, really starting to bear fruit as well as good productivity elsewhere in the operation.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Tom, and thanks for the question, Greg. Certainly, with every passing week, the autonomous haulage is getting more and more productive, and just to tell a little bit of the story is that, since we initiated zero injuries, we've now done over 600,000 kilometers. Were up about 21 million tonnes, and we've connected all the machines. So there's an awful lot of good work, which is going on. At the start of September, we were around about 53% EU, which is one of the critical metrics of making sure that the trucks are utilized as much as possible. We're now up above the 61% over the last week, and we've actually hit shift by shift up around the 68%, 69% a year. Now, we've got to achieve that on a consistent basis. But one of the critical things, particularly important for next year is that next year's tonnage is roughly averaging about a 135,000 tonnes out of the pit. We've already achieved 160,000 [Indiscernible] . So while we've still got things, just a high note and to fine tune, as Tom said, whether it be some road widths, whether it's the road conditions as a result of the wet weather, etc. We are very pleased about how things are progressing. We've got terrific support from Caterpillar. We've got a number of people from Caterpillar dedicated on the site. So certainly, we think things are progressing well, but the rain plays havoc. I'll be honest. But in term of commissioning, we've still got to remember, it's been the quickest commissioning of any EHS system that's being achieved to date, and so far, that every passing week, as I said, things get better.
Rob Atkinson: Sorry, Greg. Basically, it's essentially seeing how often is your truck running, doing productive work, and typically, one of the key reasons that we went to autonomous is that if you've got humans operating them, typically, you got lunch delays, you get toilet breaks, you get things like that, and the EU is one of the key metrics.
Rob Atkinson: The target that we justify it on is 68%, and certainly, where we will be planning is certainly trying to achieve a lot higher than that.
Rob Atkinson: No. We've achieved that intra-shift kind of levels, where we have just been running the average is around about that 60%, 61%. So as I said, with each passing shift, we're getting further insights, further improvements. I'm very, very confident we'll be up there and hitting those targets day-in, day-out next year.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks so much, Tom. In terms of Tanami 2, the engineering is progressing very well, and it's at that high level where you've got a high degree of confidence around what you need to do. The vast majority of the cost at Tanami is around the reaming and the outfitting of the shafts. So we're certainly confident at this point in time that that work is contained. The biggest challenge we've got is just around the labor rates, and again, the post-COVID world in Australia in terms of orders, how that's managed. But that's where the majority of costs are, and we've got a good partner in [Indiscernible] , and as I said, the engineering being so well progressed is so key. At Ahafo North, we pre-ordered all the equipment and so that equipment is making its way over or being manufactured as we speak. The engineering again was at a very high level, and we've got a little bit of contingency there, but we're not seeing anything at the moment that's overly worrying us. They are apart from what Dean said in terms of potential delays and the offset nature of the three business. But all in all, because the engineering is so well progressed, I think we've got a high degree of confidence.
Rob Atkinson: Yes, Tanya, in terms of the communication, those are things which we have found out, there's going to be time to time where you do get a communication issue for very general reasons and the system is built, but if there is a communication issue, things stop. We've certainly manage to do that very well, especially the deep mine, that there's some new techniques being done compared to the program. But in terms of the roads, the feedback that I have had from the Boddington team, that the roads are in better shape than they've ever been, and certainly, these trucks are able to pick up an awful lot of detail, whether it be rusting, whether it'd be rocks coming into the road, whether it be wash-outs from burns, etc. So there is a huge amount of attention there and when I talk about road widths, the team has done an enormous amounts of work. But all in all, Tanya, that certainly, we are in good shape, the roads are in good shape, the technology is in good shape. The only thing that it still see is it's still raining, and that's something we'll continue to manage. But on the plus side, the experience we're getting here sets us up very well for wet seasons in the future.
Rob Atkinson: In terms of the CapEx, Tanya, it's going to be spread over '22 and '23. It's not all going to come in '22, and in terms of the key work, it really is around completing the reaming and starting to outfit the shafts. So in terms of the schedule of that work, it's still very much on track. That capital will be spread over the next couple of years rather than just next year.
Rob Atkinson: In this building a little bit more on that, Danielle, Tanami 2, you will see in the presentation the picture of a head frame and that's come along well. The refrigeration has progressed well. We finished the crusher chamber on the ground. The power station extension has continued, the box cuts have been done. So as Tom said, we haven't got anything to start, and really, it is making sure that we maintain and keep hold of the expertise that we need to do the reaming and to do that shaft lining. Those are the key thing.
