Nancy Buese: Thanks, Rob. Turning to slide 18 for the financial highlights. As you can see on this slide, we had an exceptional year and delivered our best quarterly performance of 2020 in the fourth quarter, including $3.4 billion in revenue an increase of over $400 million from the prior year quarter driven by higher prices; adjusted net income of $856 million or $1.06 per diluted share; adjusted EBITDA of nearly $1.8 billion, an increase of 37% from the prior year quarter; and nearly $1.3 billion in free cash flow for the quarter and an amount entirely attributable to Newmont's account. This strong financial performance allows us to raise our dividend for a third time since the beginning of 2020, with the fourth quarter dividend declared of $0.55 per share which is almost four times larger than the fourth quarter dividend from 2019. Turning to slide 19, for a review of our adjusted earnings per share in more detail. Fourth quarter GAAP net income from continuing operations was $806 million or $1 per share. Adjustments included $0.18, primarily related to the sale of royalty interest and changes in the fair value of our investments; $0.03 related to incremental COVID-specific costs such as additional screening protocols transportation costs and community fund disbursements; $0.20 related to reclamation and remediation adjustments primarily at Yanacocha; $0.06 related to tax adjustments and valuation allowance; and $0.07 of other charges. Taking these adjustments into account, we reported fourth quarter adjusted net income of $1.06 per diluted share, an increase of $0.56 over the prior year quarter. Turning now to slide 20. We continue to execute on our capital allocation priorities, which include maintaining our financial strength and flexibility, reinvesting in our business through disciplined investments in exploration and organic growth projects, and returning cash to shareholders. During the year, Newmont reinforced its position as the clear industry leader for shareholder returns and financial performance. We maintain over $8.5 billion in liquidity with $5.5 billion of available cash. $550 million of that cash will be used to repay our 2021 senior notes that are due in June of this year. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is now at 0.2 times. And in the fourth quarter, we were placed on positive outlook by Standard & Poor's and we were upgraded by Moody's to Baa1 credit rating further demonstrating our balance sheet strength. We returned over $2.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks in 2019 and 2020. Newmont has a unique ability to lead in shareholder returns maintain strength and financial flexibility and develop profitable projects, such as the expansion of Tanami, Ahafo North, and Yanacocha Sulfides. Looking ahead in 2021, we will continue executing on our proven track record of superior shareholder returns with a new $1 billion share repurchase program and an industry-leading dividend framework. Turning to slide 21 for more details about the dividend. In October, Newmont established a dividend framework that provides shareholders with a stable base annualized dividend of $1 per share at a $1,200 gold price, along with the potential to receive 40% to 60% of the incremental free cash flow generated at gold prices above our base plan. The fourth quarter dividend declared yesterday was calibrated at an $1,800 gold price assumption and a 40% distribution of incremental free cash flow, resulting in a 38% increase over the prior quarter. As Tom mentioned earlier, at the current share price, our current dividend translates to a yield over 3.5% and places us in the top 25 dividend payers of the large-cap S&P 500. The increase to our quarterly dividend reflects the strength and stability of our business, a recognition of the current gold price environment and our ability to maintain capital discipline. We will continue to assess our dividend on a quarterly basis and are confident that our framework will provide shareholders with an attractive dividend yield and participation in our cash flow generation at these higher gold prices. With that I'll hand it back to Tom on slide 22. 
Nancy Buese: Yes. Tom just a couple of quick things. Just to reiterate Jackie that the repurchase program doesn't impact our ability to continue to offer those higher dividends. So we are very flexible in that way. I think that's a key differentiator is our ability to offer both the dividend with full transparency and also the share buyback programs. And then really it is a discretionary program and we will consider a number of factors when we decide to repurchase, but the fundamental underlying thesis is that it will be an accretive purchase. So lots of things to think about but our view is to provide more value to shareholders in an accretive way. 
Nancy Buese: Thanks. And yes just to reiterate it is about $10 an ounce built into our guidance for 2021. And then just as a reminder the impacts of COVID for this year will be reported and disclosed in the other expense line item of our financial statements. Back to you Tom. 
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Nancy. Before we move on to Q&A, I'd like to pause and acknowledge Randy Engel, who has made the decision to retire in the second quarter after dedicating 27 years of service to our company. For the past 15 years, Randy has led our Strategy and Corporate Development groups serving on the senior and executive leadership teams of three CEOs. Over his career, Randy and his team have completed more than $35 billion in transactions, including the purchase of Cripple Creek & Victor, the sale of Batu Hijau and most importantly the acquisition of Goldcorp and the establishment of the Nevada Gold Mines joint venture in 2019. I am enormously grateful to Randy for the contributions he has made to our company over his distinguished career and for the friendship and support that he has provided to me during my time at Newmont. I wish him all the very best in his well-earned retirement and with whatever he chooses to embark on in the next chapter of his life which will no doubt include lots of time in the outdoors with his family and friends. With Randy's retirement Blake Rhodes, currently our Senior Vice President of Strategic Development will assume responsibility for Strategy and Corporate Development reporting directly to me. Blake has been with Newmont for 25 years serving in a variety of positions, including General Counsel and Senior Vice President for our Indonesian business. Blake has played a central role in all of the major transactions we have completed since 2014 and is well-prepared to succeed Randy. As I've discussed many times at Newmont we believe consistent operational environmental and social performance starts with good governance, which includes thoughtful succession planning. This transition is another example of our commitment to sound governance practices and reflects our deep bench strength of capable leaders. As we near our 100th birthday, I am more confident than ever that we are positioned to generate significant free cash flow and do so for decades to come. Our clear strategy lays the groundwork to clearly differentiate Newmont as the world's leading gold company as we work to continue to demonstrate our commitment to our purpose of creating value and improving lives through sustainable and responsible mining. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions. 
Tom Palmer: That sounds correct Tanya, and I'd say if you want to get into a macro level the rough trend is going to be maybe 47, 48, 52, 53 first half, second half. And it's going to be the bigger mines that would drive that. So it will be Boddington and Ahafo. The other ones will contribute. But in terms of the big mines that contribute to that you will see that -- you will see our North American region and our South American region will largely even through the year just a little bit to the second half. And then you'll see both Australia and Africa probably more like 45, 55 because of the big contributions in those big assets coming in the second half.
Tom Palmer: Yes, Boddington's second half. You're really going to second half and into the latter part of the second half as you get that autonomous fleet up and running and getting to some really good grades in the second half of the year.
Tom Palmer: I think it's quite a unique circumstance in Australia, Tanya with the nature of sinking of mild deep shaft and relocation in a country that's got international borders closed. As we look into Ahafo North, which will be the next project where we're doing work a lot of the work in 2021 is ground clearing, road diversion and using local contractors with some of the plant coming through in 2022. And you'd expect to see some of the COVID restrictions lifting. So I'm not seeing the same level of cost escalation there as we're seeing in quite some unique circumstances for the scope of the work and the location for Tanami.
Tom Palmer: I think the old guidance – correct me Eric, if I get this wrong but it's $750 million off the top of my head for the Ahafo North.
Tom Palmer: Yes. I'd say you're looking at a $700 million to $800 million range for Ahafo. We're not seeing the same challenges for that project and its scope as we're seeing at Tanami.
Tom Palmer: The key thing with our dividend framework was to have stability and predictability with it Tanya [ph]. So we will certainly – we're not looking to have it go up and down on a quarterly basis. Certainly at the end of the day, that's a Board decision and we need to look at the circumstances at the time. But having those $300 increments looking at it every quarter but really starting to orient over the longer-term on a semiannual basis for lifting or lowering or keeping the dividend the same. So we're not looking for it to have to go up and down. So we would look back at an April meeting. We'd look back at the gold price over the last six to nine months and make judgments about where it's at and where we see the macroeconomics going forward. We'd look at the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to maintain certain dividend level. So it's very much looking to have stability and predictability for our shareholders based upon a long-term view of gold price, both retrospectively and having a view going forward, as well as our business performance. So I hope you get some clarity.
Tom Palmer: Yeah. And we look not only at the gold price, but we look at the cash flow look at on the balance sheet as well as we make those judgments.
Tom Palmer: I'm conscious that you'll have another call coming up at the top of the hour. So maybe we take one more question and then allow you to get to your next call and we can follow up for those who we missed out on.
Tom Palmer: It's quite a unique capital escalation both in terms of the nature of the job and the quite unique contractors who can sink a shaft and line a shaft of this dip. And then when you've got international border restrictions, then you are further constrained in terms of who are the quality contractors you can access. So that particular scope of work that contractor market has hardened due to COVID. We're not seeing the cost escalations on our operating side. We have long-term contracts in place with strategic suppliers and our labor turnover, which is an important input cost is at very healthy levels. So we're not seeing operating cost escalations.
Tom Palmer: Yeah. So we operate across eight countries around the world and they're all in different phases of rolling out vaccines. And we're engaging with governments in every one of those countries, particularly in places like Ghana and through those Latin American countries to see where we can help and support them in the -- in terms of not only the rollout of the vaccine, but helping the education around the importance of vaccination. So that engagement. It's a continuation of the engagement we have with all of those governments as we've managed our way through the pandemic and looks to protect the health of our host communities and ensure that we can operate safely. So it's a continuation of those relationships and discussions that we've strengthened through the last 12 months with this pandemic.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator. My apologies, if we couldn't get to all of your questions today. I was conscious that you've got another call to get on. Please know that Eric saw who was in the queue and we'll be back in touch with you to make sure we follow up with you on your questions. And thank you for your time and I wish you all a good rest of the day. Thanks everyone. 
Rob Atkinson: No, Tom. You covered it. The most significant one was that all country one that was imposed between Christmas and the New Year, but we're now operating under the same restrictions as before. So, nothing else to add.
Rob Atkinson: I'll just follow-on to that Fahad. Yes. Thanks, Tom. Fahad, we're probably running about 80% to 85%, and that's primarily because of COVID impacts that Argentina is still suffering from COVID. And we've got a few of our employees testing positive. And as a result, we do have a number of people unable to work. So that's really meaning that we're kind of averaging about the 85% capacity at the moment.
Rob Atkinson: No, I certainly will. And just to reemphasize that what we've achieved at Peñasquito has been I think quite remarkable, and when you actually look at last year that is about 13 records that we broke. And the reason I just say that is that those are based around the augmented feed. And not only have we increased it on average, but we've still got some room to go. And if we compare what we did at Boddington at 40.5 million tonnes through the mill on a nameplate capacity of 36 million, we've still got a long ways to go at Peñasquito to really make sure that we're sustaining those. But we're working very, very positively. I think in the mine as well, the basics such as payload, and for example, we've been able to increase payload there by nearly 13 tonnes per truck, which may not seem a lot, but given the size of the fleet that's 25,000 tonnes a day that we're able to do. And when you couple that with the drill and blast improvements, the supply chain improvements, the Pyrite Leach performance where we also saw a record performance in the last four months of last year that, it's a site which is showing that it really can perform across a whole number of things. So in short, very pleased with it. I think the potential upside is still very significant just doing the basics and the full potential process that Newmont has used over many, many years as a fundamental part of that.
Rob Atkinson: No. At the moment Tanya, we're in pretty good shape there. So it's looking as though it's going to hold up to fairly even first half to second half.
Rob Atkinson: I'll just continue on that Tanya. The other part is really COVID itself. And if I give an example that we had planned to do all of our engineering in South Africa. But because of the logistics the bandwidth et cetera we had to move that to Santiago in Chile. That coupled with just getting people in and out of Australia has proven to be quite difficult. And then as you may remember that we had to change manufacturing plants from China back into Australia. So there is that kind of 30% related to COVID as well. 
Rob Atkinson: The change of scope would include that – the larger diameter of shafts. So if you include that most definitely. And then certainly the competitive market that we're seeing in Australia especially for those shaft sinking contractors. So those are certainly the big ones.
