Richard O'Brien: Thanks, John. For those of you on the webcast, we'll begin on Slide 3. First of all, I want to thank all of you who attended our Investor Day two weeks ago, either in person or via the webcast. We've got a lot of positive and constructive feedback from the investment community on our approach to deliver growth with good returns. Specifically at Investor Day, we announced plans to grow from our current outlook of 5.1 to 5.3 million ounces of gold production for 2011 to approximately 7 million ounces of annual production by 2017. And that is a 35% growth net of decline, while simultaneously returning capital to shareholders to enhance their exposure to gold price. We've also heard that you want more color on our gold price link dividend and on the timing of our production from our projects and our growth plan. We plan on covering both of those in our call today. In addition to that, we'll provide highlights for our first quarter results. And our first quarter results were very solid with the benefit of robust gold and copper price environment, combined with strong operating results. We continue to have a rock-solid balance sheet and the potential to generate significant additional cash flow. This, combined with the commitment and enthusiasm of our workforce across the globe, gives me confidence that we will deliver on our growth plan.  And now to recap our first quarter performance, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Russell Ball.
Richard O'Brien: Thanks, Brian. As mentioned at the beginning of the call, we'd like to provide some additional detail on the growth plan that we announced in our recent Investor Day. First, I'll recap our growth strategy on Slide 17. As shown, we plan to grow 35% to about 7 million ounces of attributable gold production by 2017 from a base of our current outlook of 5.1 of 5.3 million ounces of gold for 2011. In order to get to that 7 million ounce run rate in 2017, we need to bring about 3.2 million ounces of incremental production online over the next few years to offset the decline in the balance of our portfolio. Our growth will be faced in, with about 20% of our new growth reflected in production by 2013, 50% by 2015 and the balance expected to be in production by 2017. On Slide 18, we've added some additional color to the timing of that incremental production by breaking down our growth profile by project. I've noted that several analysts have already got this fairly close, and so we're providing some information that some of you may not need, but in the interest of clarity, we're going to give it to everybody in this format.  The sequence begins with the Subika and Nevada expansions where development is advancing, and it goes all the way through the commencement of production at Long Canyon, which we expect, as shown on this slide, in 2017. If you'd like to reference this growth plan against our potential decline, we would direct you to the detailed regional waterfall that we provided in our Investor Day where we gave the regional decline for each of our operations. As we previously told you, 5.1 to 5.3 million ounces is our current base, and we expect the next couple of years to be essentially stable until we get back into higher-grade ore in Phase 6, as Russ mentioned, beginning in 2013, late and then moving into higher grade into 2014 and 2015. At that time, we'll also see the benefits of our new expansion projects, as shown on this slide. The numbers to the left of each represent the initial development capital of each of those projects. This view of our growth plan should allow investors to better understand that we have a fairly solid arc of production growth ahead of us.  Moving on to Slide 19. We show our operating cost for these new projects, and you'll note that we plotted them against the GFMS 2010 cost curve. Our forecast are based on what we know today about our projects, and they are unescalated. We're referencing our cost to the GFMS industry cost curve as a reminder that our actual cost will vary from our projections but that we believe the relative position of our projects should remain consistent within their replacement on the industry cost curve as it moves over time.  You'll see that our projects span the first of 4 quartiles, reflecting the diversity of our operations. You'll also notice that the companywide CAS we reported today for the first quarter fall squarely near the 2010 industry midpoint for costs, which is in line with our prior guidance. As Russell mentioned, we continue to focus on our execution to ensure that we protect our margins into the future.  So to summarize on Slide 20. We believe that Newmont offers a unique combination of production growth, project returns, reserves and exploration upside, balance sheet strength, continued operational execution and the industry's first and only gold price link dividend.  With that, I'd like to thank you all for listening and open the call for questions.
Richard O'Brien: And just for the avoidance of doubt, just underlying what Russ said, in the cost side, we do not hedge revenues. So just to be clear with anybody who didn’t understand that.
Richard O'Brien: John, it's Richard. What I would say is 2 things that first, as you point out, our own exploration program is increased this year. We do know that historically, and as we project in the future, we can discover at the most optimal cost per ounce on new projects through our own exploration activities. So that's the first thing that we're focused on. From time to time, though, as you point out, whether it's Miramar or Long Canyon, we will take advantage of opportunities where we see upside, and perhaps the market doesn't fully appreciate that. But I would say that not a steady diet for us, it's something that will take on from time to time. In addition, I would just remind people that we tended to look at these acquisitions in a cash format, not one where we utilized shares. So that by itself helps define how big or how much we'll do. And lastly, I would just say, with the one-off in junior stocks, I don't think that it's always cheaper to buy things on Wall Street that it is through our own exploration efforts. So it's a combination approach for us. That's what we've shown historically. That's what -- we'll stick to it.
Richard O'Brien: It's Richard. I'd just say at $1,500 there's a world of opportunity for us, and share buyback is certainly a tool that we could use. I think the gold price link dividend is one that provides some certainty and flexibility in that upward pricing environment, and there's an opportunity to share more with investors over time through that should we choose to do so. And then, additionally, I think with additional cash flow comes the ability to accelerate some of the production that we might have and some of our other projects that aren't even listed here. So I think that additional cash flow is really an opportunity for us to continue to underlie that growth with more certainty over time, provide more flexibly over time and provide the opportunity for our shareholders to benefit through not just upward sloping production but also upward sloping cash return. So a share buyback is certainly one of the tools we could use, but one of many.
Richard O'Brien: Well, as you know, in our Hope Bay project at the moment, we're driving a decline. We're actually advancing that project, we think, in a very responsible way to ensure that we know how big the deposit can be before we commit significant infrastructure. But we're spending significant dollars on exploration. We believe in the district. We think there's significant upside there. I think our conservative stance here would say, we're now ready to advance this into our production timeline that we have on Slide 18. And as Randy pointed out, it's one of many opportunities to bring into production. We'll keep the street updated on that at the moment. As I said, we are driving decline, and I think things continue to look good for us and we'll continue to keep you updated.
Richard O'Brien: Just to be clear, what I said is one where -- I may not have said it clearly as I should have. When we look at acquisitions that don't bring current production, we would generally tend to use cash. And I think you could think of bite size as being kind of what we've done traditionally. Miramar was about $1.5 billion, Fronteer was about $2.3 billion. I think those are the sizes that are probably big enough for us, unless we see something clearly unusual, but again, just to emphasize, what we have on Slide 18 is really a way for us to underpin our growth without having to do additional acquisitions. And I think it's just additional upside for us. So we don't have to buy anything. If we do, we expect we'll buy it for value.
Richard O'Brien: And I'll just underlie that this is a company which just take a dividend for a long period of time indicating both the financial strength and desire to ensure that shareholders have a reason to stay on this stock for yield really. So we'll continue to look at that, as Russ said, every quarter, and that really is the way that our board will approach this policy.
Richard O'Brien: Thank you very much for your attention today, and we hope you all have a great weekend and a good Easter.
Brian Hill: John, it's Brian. Towards the end of last year, with some of the mine sequencing changes we made, we stockpiled some fairly higher-grade ore coming out of Apensu. So in the first quarter, we actually ran that higher-grade material through the plant. And with the higher grades, we also saw some higher recovery as well. So we kind of see that as more of a one-off, which we had happened in the Ahafo. So we're still -- even though we did have quite a good quarter, we're still expecting to produce in that original guidance range by year end.
Brian Hill: We have some flexibility. We don't have a lot of flexibility actually in Subika because, as you know, the portal to go underground is on the one side of the wall where we're doing all the exploration work underground. So we do have some flexibility out of Apensu and out of Awonsu. But for the balance of this year, we don't expect to see any significant changes over the last three quarters that would cause us to sort of look at the significant different production profile.
Brian Hill: In Australia, good results coming out of the Tanami and KCGM, and Boddington essentially performing on par. So we have seen some of the other operations perform extremely well in Australia as well. So really coming out of those two, the switch to owner-operated underground mining at the Tanami is -- we're seeing some significant positive improvement in operation there. So really coming out of Tanami and KCGM.
Russell Ball: George, sorry, I -- can you repeat the number you said for the guidance because I don't think that it's the number I was looking at. Sorry.
Russell Ball: George, some of that will be currency. Fairly, we have a decent early dollar hedge book but it's $1.05. You're starting to see the impact of the currency on that. We could get into some more detail, maybe we can take it offline and get back to you there with some inventory movements, and we'll get some more of that. In Batu, we'll have a tougher second half of the year. We'd work through some inventory in the first quarter at least. So a number of factors moving around, largely driven by production.
Russell Ball: John, we continue to look at that. We have a small oil book. Historically, the issue's been there around, getting the hedge accounting, so we don't have to take then off from market volatility. I'd say that we're probably going to cross the Rubicon in the not-too-distant future just taking economics on the hedges and letting the accounting move. And so we'll have to explain a little more noise on a quarterly basis. But as we look at the projects here, as we are looking at managing our costs around those projects, you will continue to see more cost-related hedging to not so much be able to pick bottoms but to reduce volatility, because we think of the end of the day, being able to reduce that volatility has values. So we will continue to look at opportunities both on the commodity, FX and interest rates side related to these projects.
Russell Ball: David, it's Russ. Just briefly we had inventory at year end that we're working through both in the bond but also ahead of the crushers. So we're seeing that through. We disclose that average grade on the stockpiles, and that was in the table, and they are actually in the appendix to this release. It will move around a little on a quarterly basis depending on where we were accessing in those stockpiles, but you should look to that. And the current year's production profile is a reasonable indication of an annual basis, again, with some quarterly volatility, and that's gets accentuated a little bit by productivity in the wet season. For us, we're going into the dry season, so we have 2 months of nice, dry roads, and in the fourth quarter, a little more challenging. So as we look at our current production profile, we're roughly in there. We also do have a schedule down on the segmental replacement, which will allow a throughput for the balance of the year. So that is an extended down as a fairly significant rebuilt, and we will see that obviously impact the availability in production.
Russell Ball: Yes. That's sort of in line. This was last year, and then this year is a lower leach tonnage placement year. So that's sort of a fairly good projection for where we expect to be. We're still expecting to be within original guidance at Yanacocha by year end.
Russell Ball: Thanks, Mike. Sure, yes. It's a very interesting perspective, and I would like to remind people, we currently look at the top line, we're going to look at the top end of cost line. And I think what we'll see if that thesis is correct, the weaker U.S. dollar will drive gold production cost curves up, because obviously the majority of gold production is outside the U.S. So I think FX is the one that's going to be industrywide. Again, if the thesis is correct on a weaker U.S. dollar, and you've seen that certainly on a trade-weighted basis over the last couple of modes. The other issues, obviously, fuel for us. Energy costs are about 25% of our cost structure. Again, we have budgeted at $90 oil, and we're sitting today at around $110. And if you think about labor costs, that's about 45% of our cost structure. And labor costs are largely for us non-dollar denominated. So I'd say those in conjunction with our lower grades. These deposits, the average grade has decreased, and you've seen that in the gold industry and in the copper industry, where grades have come up significantly. So I think you've got grade and you've got things working against you. And it is going to be a challenge for us, as Richard said earlier, maintaining our relative position on that cost curve and at the end of the day looking, as John suggested, to try and manage some of the volatility around those cost structures, but clearly some challenges. I think what you will see on the cost is $35 to $45 to $50, who knows where silver prices are going to be. A lot of the producers with significant silver byproduct will be shielded because, clearly, silver has had incredible run over the last 6 to 9 months that will offset some of those cost pressures. But those are ones that I lose sleep over, Mike.
Russell Ball: David, it's Russ. We'll have to get back to you. We don't track our silver grades, and we don't report them on our reserves. But to your question, we did produce a fair amount of silver out of Midas. If you look at -- in the North America, Midas is the big producer and then Yanacocha, although the recovery is low, we did produce significant silver out of there, but I'll let John Seaberg to get back with you. Nearly at $5 no one paid too much attention to the silver production, but around $40 to $50, it is nice and we'll take it as we get.
Russell Ball: Adam, if you look at the slide on Slide 11 there, where we've showed a downward $1,100 gold price, we would be at a $0.40 annual dividend. Obviously, the dividend and the level of that dividend is a function of the board's approval, and we discuss that quarterly with them. But as you said, we have a very strong balance sheet, still generating significant cash flow, and even at that $1,100 gold price, as we stress test for the downside, we still have that availability to maintain that dividend. So anything for at least $1,100 are just -- we would obviously take that to the board in light of ongoing other operating costs and financial capability that we have on the balance sheet.
Russell Ball: Yes. Hi, it's Russ. Phase 6 will look very similar to Phase 5. We were right in the bottom of phase 5, so I would use 2010 as a reasonable proxy. What we see is the bottom of these phases of ore is a disproportionately higher gold production versus copper. So both the copper and gold grade increase, but the gold grade increases proportionately more so. I'd looked to Phase 5 as a reasonable approximation for what we'll see in Phase 6 in 2014 and '15.
