Tom Palmer: Thank you, Nancy. And building on your comments, we have maintained a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, a key component in sustainably managing and mining business through the commodity cycles. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged and follow a clear hierarchy. First and foremost, to maintain an investment-grade balance sheet with financial strength and flexibility. Second, to reinvest in our business through exploration and organic growth. And finally, to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and opportunistic share buybacks. From the robust foundation of our balance sheet that Nancy just described, our next capital allocation priority is to sustainably reinvest in value-accretive projects from our industry-leading organic pipeline. Our long-term outlook assumes an annual investment of around $1 billion in sustaining capital, $800 million in development capital, and $400 million in exploration and studies. Combined, this is an average annual investment of more than $2 billion every year, a critical component in Newmont's strategy to sustain strong production levels and improved margins over the long-term. We have entered a period of meaningful reinvestment, as we continue to advance our near-term projects, including the expansion of Tanami in Australia, the Ahafo North in Ghana, and Yanacocha Sulfides in Peru. In September, we announced that we had made a disciplined decision to delay the full funds approval of our Yanacocha Sulfides project in order to manage project execution risk, move out of a period of significant inflation, and to balance our development capital cash flows. To support this decision, I've also taken one of our best leaders in Dean Gehring to rigorously review the scope and pace of this project. As part of this work, Dean is stepping back and reviewing the Sulfides project in total, which will include assessing a range of scope and scheduled scenarios through to and including the impacts of not proceeding at all. And as Dean progresses his work over the coming months, we will continue to keep you updated. So, on the back of a strong balance sheet and reinvesting into our business, our final capital allocation priority is to return excess cash to our shareholders. Two years ago, Newmont was the first in the gold industry to announce a clear dividend framework, providing our shareholders with a base dividend calibrated at our reserve price assumption of $1,200 per ounce. In addition, our shareholders have the potential to receive between 40% to 60% of the incremental free cash flow we generate at gold prices above our base assumption. Now, as we do at this time every year, we are currently working through our annual business planning process. As part of this exercise, there are two key inputs to our dividend framework that we are critically reviewing. The first, as I've been discussing for some time now, is the long-term gold price and the assumption we use for both reserve pricing and project approvals. This assumption is a key input for determining the payout level of our base dividend. The second key input is the free cash flow we expect to generate above this base level, and this is impacted by the current global economic environment that we are all operating in. Over the next month, we will finalize and our Board will approve our business plan. We will then provide a comprehensive update on these inputs and associated outputs with our long-term outlook during our 2023 guidance webcast. However, I can assure you that we clearly understand the importance of returning cash to our shareholders, and we have a proven track record of doing so. With our third quarter dividend declared, we will return nearly $4 billion through dividends since we introduced our framework two years ago. We will continue to take a long-term view to determine the appropriate level of current dividend payouts, and we remain committed to a clear dividend framework. Before I wrap up, I'd like to take a moment to thank Nancy Buese for her exemplary leadership and sound guidance during this transformative period in Newmont's history. Nancy has built a very capable and dedicated team that will continue to strengthen our financial position and support our capital priorities for a long time to come. And we wish Nancy all the very best for her next opportunity with Baker Hughes. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator, open the line for questions.
Tom Palmer: Jackie, we're still in the middle of our business planning process. So that's still in flight. In terms of the cash flow generated at our new -- we assume we go to a new reserve price, the cash we generated at that new reserve price and then our leverage to higher gold prices off the back of our plan. An important factor that we still don't have, which comes every year during November, is the updated plan details from our two non-managed joint ventures, so Nevada Gold Mines and Pueblo Viejo make up a pretty significant part of our portfolio. So we need to include and understand those inputs before we can make a final determination. So it's still premature to be flagging one way or the other. It's still very much a process that's in train.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Lawson and good morning. When we think about reserve pricing, we'll use the reserve price number that the manager of both those assets use for determining their reserves. So, again, theoretically, if we chose a $1,400 reserve price and Barrick chose a $1,300 reserve price, we would declare our reserves on those two different prices. So we wouldn't try and have everything consistent. We would use the operator's reserve pricing, and we would make that very clear in our reserve and resource declarations.
Tom Palmer: It won't be material, given the margins you see on both those operations, it's that sort of movement between reserve pricing is unlikely to me material.
Tom Palmer: Good morning Fahad, I'll kick off and then pass to Daniel, who -- one of the hats Daniel wears, he is sales and marketing. So it's actually his area of accountability and he can give you some color in terms of what played out late in September. But as it turned out, we had a really nice shipment of good high-grade concentrate that we're looking to get off to market at the end of September. It was produced, in the trucks, heading down the port. And I'll pass to you, Daniel, to give some color to Fahad in terms of how that played out in terms of that shipment not being able to get to market before the end of September.
Tom Palmer: And just building on that, Daniel, it's sold. So we're able to sell it very early in the fourth quarter, and there's not any systemic issue there Fahad. There's not something that's going to play out every quarter. It was an unusual combination of natural events of hurricane and number of earthquakes in quick succession was quite disturbing for that -- in that isolated part of Mexico, but very much a one-off a bit.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Fahad. I'll pick up the -- in terms of the opportunity, it was a similar or linked to what we're just talking about with Lawson, is that an opportunity to look where we can extract more gold from the heap leach pads that we have sitting there at Yanacocha. It's really the opportunity to apply the -- what's called injection leaching really drilling holes, getting drill rigs on top of those high pads and drilling holes and then the out-of-pump solution that into those holes to be able to extract more gold and looking quite interesting in terms of where we might be able to extract some additional gold and be able to do so relatively low cost. And Daniel, just -- I'll try to you in terms of Fahad's question around the cash cost at Yanacocha. I don't remember any extending out in my quarterly reviews.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Tanya. What we saw through the third quarter was direct operating costs almost in line with the second quarter. And that similar percentage that we talked about. So, it's that inflation of around about that 12%. So, we didn't see it through the third quarter. But we are starting to see some relief across energy and consumable costs coming into the fourth quarter and then seeing that play out into 2023. I mean a couple of things I'd call out within that. One is that we'll have a bit of a lag in that fully starting to flow through, where we see some of that relief. We're building rise and fall adjustment mechanisms into a lot of our long-term contracts that protect against the volatility, but also mean that some of that relief takes a little longer to unwind. We're also running with greater inventory in some of those key consumables and so you've got that higher cost inventory, which is really about predicting production that has to flow through as well. So across diesel, steel, ammonia and cyanide, chemicals and reagents and grinding media. We are -- they make up about 45% of our cost base, and we are seeing some relief in those flowing into the fourth quarter, and we're anticipating that, that will flow into 2023. However, the world is still very volatile. And as we think about doing our business plans and making judgments about 2023, we're keeping a wary eye in terms of the level of volatility in the world. On labor costs, they are proving to be a bit stickier. Our -- about 60% of our labor cost. The labor cost makes up half of our direct costs. About 60% of that is employees, and that's pretty stable across the countries in which we operate in. We're seeing about a 4% increase on average across wages. So that's pretty robust. And as Rob was talking about, we're starting to build back up to full complement as we come out the other side of some of the COVID impacts in the second half of this year, starting to see some voluntary attrition numbers returned to more long-run levels. So seeing some stability starting to get back into our business and not seen tremendous escalation in our employee cost base. However, we're still seeing high levels of cost inflation on our contracted services. So the label we use, the shutdowns and out of jobs around the world. We’re still seeing in the order of 10% in our cost base over what we're seeing this time last year. We see that as sticky, and so we're starting to step back and say what do we need to do to think about doing our work differently in order to mitigate some of those cost impacts. And there's a number of levers that we're looking to pull to manage our costs. We're not sitting idly accepting costs coming at us. We're pulling a number of levers to improve our cost and productivity. And on the contractor side, we are actively looking at where we can bring contractors into our businesses, namely employees rather than contracted services, very much looking at doing that across some of our Canadian operations and looking to do that in Ghana at both Ahafo and Akyem. So not accepting that we pay those higher costs and look at what actions we can take to reduce that cost base.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Tanya. I'll get Rob to provide a little bit of color on that. It's going to be more of the same. We're basically following a project plan that's got the work we've got -- well, we have been doing to get to 75%. It's continuing on that pathway to get the final 25% done.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Tanya. I would a couple a review of sulfides to doing something differently on the inorganic front. I would -- two things I'd say. One is Dean's work is very important that you bring someone like Dean in to look at a project like Sulfides, you do get back and go to the edge to say, what would it look like if we didn't proceed with this project because that can often lead you to some pathways that have a more value-accretive project that we could develop. Bearing in mind that we're sitting on a fabulous -- this is a copper project. So we're sitting on a fabulous copper deposit with multiple lives once that processing plant is built and you've got the Congo copper deposits beyond that. So there's a strategic element around Yanacocha. But we must step back and look at all options and go to the precipice because I think we'll learn a few things by doing that. We would then -- if there was a scenario where we decided to put sulfides on the shelf for a period of time; then next step for us would be to go back into our organic project pipeline and say what else is in there that stacks up in terms of projects we may report. We've got the Coffee project up in the Yukon. We've got opportunities around Ahafo, further opportunities around Tanami. So we would examine other projects in organic project pipeline as alternatives to a different scenario around Yanacocha. Inorganically, I see that as a separate exercise. We have a set of operations and organic project pipeline that can comfortably sustain 16 ounces of gold for at least the next decade. With that, we've shared that with the market before, and we'll continue to share that with the market. For us, on the inorganic side, it's having the radar turned on. And if we see projects or assets or companies out there that we believe underneath the Newmont operating model, we could add more value from. We would -- and they came on to our radar passed through our filters, we would have a good hard look at that. But I would certainly see that separate to the work we do with our current set of operations and our organic project pipeline.
Tom Palmer: No, I wouldn't assume or infer that, because I didn't mention that, that would be a lower priority. You've got Galore Creek, Nueva Union, Norte Abierto. They absolutely would be part of that assessment. That's added complexity with those three projects because they're all joint ventures. But absolutely, as you look at our organic project pipeline and the gold and copper content in those projects and where we see the world inevitably going in terms of the demand for copper, they would be very much in that equation as we assess our internal organic options.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Tanya. And operator, we'll continue through the top of the hour and continue to take questions until we've exhausted the list.
Tom Palmer: Thanks Anita. So, still very much seeing 2023 playing out, as I indicated on the last call, in round numbers, it's looking like around the 6 million ounces again and around about that $1,200 per ounce cost. We will see some relief--
Tom Palmer: Same number. So, no change, Anita. The we're still washing through to understand some of this relief in those direct costs coming through. And the other caveat is a significant percentage of our base is our non-managed joint ventures. And so we're still to see Nevada Gold Mines and Pueblo Viejo come in. Everything I've seen today would point to 6 million ounces for 2023 and around about that $900. 2024 is where we are starting to see some relief come through, both in terms of what we're seeing come through on some of the input costs, whether it be energy, some of our key consumables. But also, we're not sitting idly as Rob and I were talking about and the work we're doing on bringing costs down and improving productivity. We're actively working those. We're looking for those to shore up and to support 2023, but certainly delivering improved cost performance into 2024. So I'm not sitting on my hand saying 2024 is going to look exactly the same at 2023. I'm working on 2024, have an improved position on 2023, because then we get into 2025, when we do start to get the benefit of the lower cost ounces from both Tanami 2 and Ahafo North. So we then will see some increase in production and improvement in cost on the back of those investments that we're making. So 2023, we're looking pretty similar. 2024, we were working hard to have an improvement in costs at steady production. And anything that we can bring into 2023 will aim to do as upside.
Tom Palmer: The couple of important things to note there, the closure liability sits at around just over $3 billion. But it's important that the Yanacocha -- the oxide operation at Yanacocha moves into closure, regardless of Sulfides. Sulfides is Yanacocha underground mine, a small layback on the Yanacocha Verde open pit and the construction of the processing facility for that ore. The rest of that operation, all of the waste dumps, all of the old open pits, all the heap leach dumps, move into closure, irrespective of any decisions we make or their timing around Yanacocha Sulfide.
Tom Palmer: Yes. So if you think about the money we'll spend at Yanacocha, the big-ticket item are the water treatment plants. So there are two large asset water treatment plants that we are constructing. We're actually doing the study work just to gear up to build and then will build through 2023, 2024 and 2025 will commission around 2026. And that's to take all the mine impacted water, so it's got asset in it. Treat that water so we can discharge that to the environment. These are very large water treatment plants. So there's an expenditure on those plants. And I think we've indicated to the market that we'll spend $350 million through 2023 and 2024 on those water treatment plants. That's the big closure spend. Then there's the work you do on rehabilitation and some moving some old infrastructure. And then you've got the ongoing cost of processing water in perpetuity at Yanacocha, which is what closure is. It's collecting that water, processing and discharging it. So once you get through the other side of that investment in water treatment plants over the next four or five years, then you've got a long run spend on running water treatment plants for imperpetuity and that closure liability assumes that cost for the next 50 years. About 75% of that cost is the cost of water treatment over the next 50 years.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Thanks, Anita. It's an important one to clarify that every mining company that is a member. So the 26 companies that are members of the International Council of Mines and Metals, so ICMM, have committed to implementing the global industry standard on tailings management. That's the standard that we developed in conjunction with the United Nations and the Church of England post the tragedy of Brumadinho. And so, that standard has some requirements that every one of those mining companies to ensure that they are addressing their extreme or very high consequence specified tailings dams by August 2023 and then all others by August 2025. So there's some clear commitments made by ICMM members. So we are assessing the work that we need to do around our facilities. So as you pointed out, there are facilities at Porcupine, at Penasquito, Ahafo, Yanacocha and Akyem. And the work involves additional buttressing at different locations, as you assess those current constructions against that global standard. And in some instances, it may be that the next lift we do is to a different design standard. So rather than be an upstream lift or a modified centreline has to be a full downstream lift, so that every mining company will be assessing their tailings facilities. And my expectation is that every mining company will be identifying additional costs to comply to this standard to improve our management of tailings facilities as an industry. What we’re seeing -- 
Tom Palmer: No, it's a requirement to make an assessment for that dam in its circumstances and that may mean that where someone has been able to do a particular type of lift, you've got to go to a more robust lift. That would be my expectation. We're certainly seeing areas where we're putting additional buttressing in as a consequence of our assessment work and at different times, we'll use a different technique for lifting for the next lift on a dam. And we're not Robinson Crusoe, we're not unusual. And I would anticipate that other mining companies will be going through exactly that same exercise. 25% of our sustaining capital budget of our $1 billion is on tailings.
Tom Palmer: It was something that we were aware of, Mike, but it probably didn't hit our radar in terms of what we already had in our organic pipeline. It was probably a little bit on the small side for us as we thought about -- and for us, it's about how do we look at that opportunity and challenged you in terms of further diversification, but we've got a polymetallic mine at Penasquito, but it's more about -- if we're going to put management bandwidth into Mexico, then I would prefer us to have a single-minded focus on our exploration program to find the elephants that we believe sit under cover in and around Penasquito. There is no way that the Penasco and Chile Colorado deposits are the only deposits that are sitting there, they will discover because they're outcropping. And I'd rather have our team laser focused on the exploration program on our existing leases rather than be distracted by something that's a smaller show next door. I think it's a great combination, though, they can’t take two companies that we're partners with in different projects. And I think it's a great partnership, and hopefully they can do something with them.
Tom Palmer: Thanks, Mike. We -- I remember that trip well, because the world was closing around us as we were all trying to fly home from Penasquito. But I'll get Rob to maybe give a bit of color on that, it's called Deep Sensing Geochemistry where we've got some proprietary technology for seeing trace elements in soil samples to direct our exploration efforts.
Tom Palmer: Thanks John, and good morning. We're certainly seeing -- in answering Anita's question, seeing our costs increase as we look into next year up to the $1,200 mark. I don't accept that they are all structural, some will be. And I think we are working hard on cost and productivity improvements to get on top of some of those costs. So, I think there's work for us to wash through some of that and to have a little less volatility in the world. So, ultimately, what that cost base runs out at, it's going to be higher than where we have been, but maybe not as high as where we're seeing now. When we debate and look at reserve pricing, it's less around the cost base that our business is at and more around looking at the macroeconomics of gold and where do we see a floor in the gold price over the long run. And as we have triangulated a whole bunch of different analysis, that's where the $1,300 or $1,400 is falling out. And we find it difficult to see a world where it would -- gold price would go much below that. So, we -- that's what's more driving that discussion debate internally around, do we lift our reserve pricing. Now those higher costs that we're seeing at the moment, and we're working to manage, and that led to reserve pricing, we may well find that our reserves and resources are pretty much a wash as we come out the other side. So that is a little bit of insight into how we work through that process. So less about what the costs are doing more about what we see the long-run gold price is doing. And then we work bloody hard on – on understanding managing our costs and controlling what we can control and look to bring them down, make investments back in our business, so that we are always having a base business that has a solid margin to not only our reserve pricing, but where the gold price might be at any point in time.
Tom Palmer: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for your time. And please enjoy the rest of your day and week. Thanks, everyone.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks, Jackie. Good morning. What you can expect to see with our framework is something that's consistent with what is out there today. So we're committed to that framework, but we will update it in terms of an assumption that we will update our reserve pricing. So that inevitably will lead to a higher base dividend from the $1,200 and then everything will shunt across. So for argument sake, if we went to a reserve price of $1,300, then we would continue to move in $300 increments to $1,600 and $1,900 and then determine our payout at those levels. So you're going to see a framework that looks very similar to the one that we're operating under today. We will continue to take a long-term view to determine the appropriate level of dividend payouts and we'll do so through that framework that's going to look very similar to what you see today. And that long-term view will take into account both the historical gold price and our forward-looking view on gold price over the long term, so over a year or longer. And we'll include in that our expected free cash generation that's going to come from the longer-term outlook that we'll update you with our 2023 guidance webcast. So we look at the long term, Jackie, both gold price backwards and forward and our assumptions for it going forward, our long-term view going forward, and then we'll make some judgments about the free cash flow we generate and the rate of dividend that we pay out. We'll do that rather than look at a stand-alone period, whether it’d be a quarter or a six-month period. So we're going to maintain a framework that's going to look very similar to what it is today, and we're going to maintain a long-term view, both backward looking on gold price and forward-looking on gold price and the free cash flow that we expect to generate from our long-term outlook.
Rob Atkinson: Okay. Thanks, Tom, and thanks for the question, Lawson. Just building on what Tom said that we are making very significant progress. As I mentioned, we're up to 75%, and that includes demolishing removing structures, demolishing and removing fish ponds, et cetera. And that's certainly some of the most topical work that we've had to do. We continue to enjoy very, very strong support from the regional and also the national government. And we meet on a task force on a very, very regular basis, and that continues to progress well. So that gives us an enormous amount of confidence. We're not just talking about these things that you can see demonstrable progress on the ground itself. And I think the last part that I would just add is that Ghana is certainly in a challenging time financially. This project is very well supported by the government. It will bring significant employment, significant revenue, et cetera. So there's -- we're very confident that we are very much targeted for that land clearance being completed very early in the New Year.
Rob Atkinson: So a key part of that, Lawson, is we're taking some technology that we developed at Cripple Creek and Victor, it's called injection leaching into the leach pads. And Yanacocha has got deep leach pads that we've been building and operating there for 30 years. And so there is an opportunity to take some of that technology and adapt it at Yanacocha and to extract more gold from the ore that we've already mined and placed on the heap leach pad. So how can we extend oxide production and also look at reducing costs at that on-site operation, which will then in turn support the economics of our sulfide project.
Rob Atkinson: That's correct and good morning, Tanya. The two critical elements are just that to complete the demolition of all the structures and we're expecting that to be done in the next five, six weeks. And then it's finalizing the remainder of the payment, which is the end of the year. And again, that's just working very, very closely with the impacted farmers and other people like that. So it really boils down to those two key elements. And as Rob indicated, it is some remarks during the presentation, tenure, the -- the first of the heavy mobile fleet is on the ground assembled. So as soon as we pass that milestone, we're able to mobilize equipment pretty readily to start clearing rig ground in the initial mining area, starting the civil works around the processing facility.
Rob Atkinson: Yes. Just a couple of other things, Anita, is that, about the upstream, if there are companies that do choose the upstream method obviously, the level of scrutiny that's going to be required for those is going to be very, very significant. But given I was just recently in Nevada, and we were overlooking Carlin, I know that Nevada Gold Mining team are planning and putting buttressing in at the tailings dam there, and that will flow through in their budgets. And also one of the very significant considerations at PV is around how that new tailings dam is going to meet the requirements of this standard. So it's certainly, as Tom said, we're not Robinson Crusoe. And my comments at Denver Gold were encouraging and challenging investment community to ask the questions of the mining companies about what they're doing to comply with this standard, because we -- it should be more transparent, and we should be being held to account as a mining industry, and we should be getting asked more questions than we are today.
Rob Atkinson: Thanks for the question, Mike. And certainly, going back to what Tom said before, we are applying significant effort and significant resources down at Penasquito to not only do that type of sampling work, but also in terms of really chasing down our target areas. We've done substantial drilling in and around Cedros. You may remember that when we visited, we just struck an agreement with the local community to allow us access. So, that drilling is proceeding well. And we've also been doing some diamond drilling further afield. In terms of the DGS, what we are having to do on those kind of wide open plains, there's a lot of contamination as some of the material has been washed down from the ridges. So, we're just having to punch in fairly short hauls about 30 meters down to the rock, so that we can then do the sampling there that typically we do on the surface. So, it is proceeding well. We've got access in a number of the areas that we need to be in. And certainly, in terms of our budget next year, we're going to have six, seven rigs working down there at any point in time. But we are using every possible source of information, whether it's a DGS technique, whether it's the typical drilling, whether it's prior knowledge or whether it's other radiometric surveying, et cetera. So, again, it's something which we'll be able to provide updates as we pull that information together as we do more and more drilling. But the one thing I'd certainly reassure you is that there is a huge amount of effort going on down there.
Daniel Horton: Yeah, definitely. Thanks, Fahad. Thanks for the question Fahad. Thanks Tom and thanks for the question Fahad. It's nothing unusual. I'd say it's really just a timing impact on the shipping logistics. There was a hurricane that came through the last week of the month. In September, there were a number of earthquakes that actually shut down for a couple of days. And just based on those impacts, it impacted our timing to be able to get the concentrate under the ships. Like Tom mentioned, there was some high gold grade that went into Yukon at the end of the month that was -- we hope to get out and interested, but your second question has been resolved. There is no issues with customers or shipping at this point, and we're moving forward. So that will be recognized in the fourth quarter, we should see a nice sales pickup from that.
Daniel Horton: Yes. No, a looking at the numbers as well. Nothing that I can notice either. So, let's -- maybe we take that off-line and we'll follow-up.
Daniel Horton: Yes. Anita, I think the only thing to mention is, obviously, our royalties and taxes would come down in the fourth quarter with the lower gold, right? So, that -- we have those sensitivities out there in those materials. But aside from that direct cost seem to be consistent with the third quarter.
Anita Soni: Okay. And then I guess, moving into 2023, a couple of questions. You said on the last Q2 conference call that you were sort of looking at a $900 per ounce and 6 million-ounce outlook for the next couple of years in 2023-2024. Is there any change to that? And I guess what I'm trying to drive at is, it seems like the costs are a little bit higher even with this inventory release that you're talking about, a little bit higher than that number that you were previously talking about at $900. And the second part of that question is, is there anything we should be thinking about in terms of production versus when you're talking about labor. Like is there development issues? You mentioned at Eleonore, you're getting back to full staffing levels. But is that something we should be thinking about in terms of when we look at the production gearing towards 6 million ounces? Big question. I know, sorry.
Anita Soni: Got it. Okay. All right. And then last one, sorry, if I may, because it reminded me that you were doing some work on tailings rehabilitation in terms of -- I guess, trying to get an assessment on costs, I guess, the Denver Gold Forum. On the tailings dam that you had highlighted that didn't meet the international standards. Have you -- could you provide a little bit more color on what we should expect there in terms of the cost to remediate Borden and Tanami and -- I think it's Porcupine and Musselwhite as well.
Anita Soni: Sorry, is the requirement to go to all downstream facilities. Is that what the requirement is or you said -- 
