Nancy Buese: Thanks Gary. Turning to Slide11 for the financial highlights. I'm pleased in place to report strong fourth quarter results consistent with our back half weighting. Compared to the prior-year quarter, we delivered a 6% increase in revenue to more than $2 billion. Adjusted net income of $214 million or $0.40 per diluted share and adjusted EBITDA of $759 million an increase of 5%. Cash from continuing operations was $742 million a slight decrease compared to $748 million last year. Turning to Slide 12 for review of earnings per share in more detail. For the fourth quarter we recorded a small loss in our GAAP net income from continuing operations of $3 million or approximately breakeven. Adjustments for the quarter included $0.08 related to impairments to asset and investments, $0.23 related to valuation allowances and other tax impacts, and $0.09 related to a change in the fair market value of our marketable equity securities portfolio and the impact of reclamation and restructuring charges. Taking these adjustments into account we delivered fourth quarter adjusted net income of $0.40 per diluted share. Turning to our full-year results on Slide 13. Comparing 2018 results to the prior year, our revenues held steady at $7.3 billion despite planned stripping at Boddington and Twin Creeks along with geotechnical headwinds at Carlin and KCGM. We generated net income of $718 million or $1.34 per diluted share, and we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $2.6 billion. Cash from continuing operations was $1.8 million a decrease of approximately $300 million compared to the prior year primarily due to the timing of cash tax payments. And in 2018, we declared dividend of $0.56 per share demonstrating our commitment to shareholder returns. Turning to the full-year adjustments through earnings per share on Slide 14. Here you see the impacts of impairments on our GAAP net income from continuing operations of $0.76 per share which primarily occurred in third quarter and related to assets and exploration properties in North America. Other adjustments for the year included $0.03 related to valuation allowances and other tax impacts and $0.02 due to other items. Taking these adjustments into account, we delivered full-year adjusted net income of a $1.34 per diluted share. Turning to our capital priorities on Slide 15. Newmont continues to have one of the strongest balance sheets in the gold sector with liquidity of more than $6 billion and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of just 0.3x. We remain well-positioned to execute on our capital priorities including maintaining an investment-grade credit profile, investing in the next generation of mines to improve life and build a stronger reserve base, and returning cash to shareholders. For 2018 we delivered nearly $400 million and returns to shareholders through our dividends and share buybacks, and in 2019 we expect to maintain an industry-leading dividend of $0.56 per share. We will also continue with our share repurchase program which aims to offset potential dilution by maintaining a constant share count. In summary, we’re well-positioned to continue our trajectory of industry-leading financial performance by focusing on value generation over the long-term. And now I’ll pass to Tom for a discussion of our operations starting on Slide 16.
Nancy Buese: Yes Chris. The proxy is really mostly backward looking so probably the best thing to do is take the Newmont guidance that we gave you in December period assume for the Newmont that stays the same for now. And then let us give you more information after the transaction closes relative to the Goldcorp spend and assets. I think that will be the best way to put things together for 2019 and then certainly we’ll give you the full view. We want to make sure we reconcile all the components there is significant differences between the way the two companies have reported and we want to get that very right before we make that public. So give us a little bit of time but post closing will give you a clear view on 2019 numbers at least.
Nancy Buese: Yes, so in terms of projections for the Goldcorp piece they use a $1300 long-term gold price and so that’s what we have baked in. So that’s sort of the baseline. And then I guess your question about cash flows, again this is all just based on the initial modeling and the basics from an accounting point of view. So if there's further details on that, you're trying to get to let us help you try to work through because they're meant to give a view, but again this is a preliminary review of accounting valuation based on the business model and a deal model. We still have additional work to do. The evaluation itself will change up to and including the date of closing.
Nancy Buese: Yes again, kind of coming back to the basis of the proxy. That is not guidance that's provided in there. So when you see the spend numbers relative to capital, I wouldn't translate that to guidance. Let us give that to you once we actually get closed because it's really an accounting view based on a model and we haven't gotten - let us do the work to give you proper guidance about spend.
Gary Goldberg: Thanks Tom. Turning to Slide 25. In January we announced an agreement to combine with Goldcorp with the vision of creating the world's leading gold business as measured by assets, people, prospects and value. Newmont Goldcorp will operate a world-class portfolio of assets on four continents with the ability to target sustainable and profitable production of between 6 million and 7 million ounces of gold annually and have the benefit of additional revenue of about $1.5 billion from other products including silver, zinc and copper. We will have the sectors best project pipeline and exploration portfolio in terms of both quality and depth, and these prospects translate to the gold sector's largest reserve and resource base with long-term leverage to the gold price. Finally we will continue to have the financial flexibility to execute our capital priorities, deliver sustainable shareholder returns through an industry-leading dividend, and maintain an investment grade balance sheet. We expect the transaction to close in the second quarter following our special stockholder meetings in April and receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. In the meantime, we're working to ensure a smooth transition and integration as we position the business to deliver industry leading returns for decades to come. Newmont Goldcorp's value proposition is unparalleled. We expect to generate $100 million in annual pretax synergies from G&A savings and a streamlined supply chain, and we plan to achieve additional benefits from the application of our proven full potential continuous improvement program where we have proven we can deliver sustainable cost efficiencies, and productivity improvements of approximately $75 per ounce once fully ramped up. This equates to about $165 million per year combined with the $100 million of annual synergies. These efforts have the potential to deliver more than $2.5 billion in total value creation. Further upside is expected through project optimization and sequencing, asset investments, and an increased and focused investment in exploration potential of these assets. Newmont Goldcorp's operations and project pipeline provides the foundation for steady profitable production, stable cash flow generation and improving costs over the long term and gives a significant optionality and the ability to continue to advance only those projects that meet our minimum hurdle rate of 15% at a $1200 gold price. I recently had the opportunity to visit Red Lake and Musselwhite meeting with more than 600 people in crew meetings at the sites. I'm pleased by the quality of the talent that I met and the future operational potential of these assets. Our teams will be working diligently over the coming weeks to close the transaction and we anticipate providing an update to our 2019 guidance in due course along with a view of our longer-term guidance later this year at our Investor Day. We're very excited about this combination and have clear implementation plans in place to create the world's leading gold business. Thank you for your time. And with that, I'll turn it over to the Operator to open the line for questions.
Gary Goldberg: I think I’ll start off here and then hand over to Tom. When you look this really just involves our Chaquicocha deposit and part of the Verde deposit which sits off to the side but there's other satellite deposits as you point out John that are not yet included in here because we're doing some additional exploration work. I don’t know Tom if you've got anything to add.
Gary Goldberg: Anita maybe just as we get the next call and just to give some high level numbers, we're talking of targeting 6 million to 7 million ounces out into the future - the foreseeable future. What we see here over the next five years is a roughly $800 million a year in development costs on a combined basis and roughly about $1 billion a year on sustaining capital. So that total is kind of a high level. We'll have to get into the details and we'll give much more detail as we get into providing guidance near the end of the year with the Investor Day.
Gary Goldberg: I think then moving on in terms of as we go through both in terms of project sequencing but more specifically going through and assessing talent and getting to a position to be able to name the senior leaders of the new company. We're going through a very detailed process between Tom and I with a number of meetings with the Goldcorp team and with our own team as we go through that process. Look to have that in a position that by the time we get to close that we're able to name essentially the senior leadership team across the combined Newmont Goldcorp organization. So working through that a very detailed rigorous process, and one that's wanting to make sure we get to meet the people and take the proper amount of time as we go through this process. I think on your last question I did have the opportunity to visit Musselwhite and Red Lake last week and I didn't mention that it was a little cold up there too but that's beside the point. We have - as we've done our due-diligence across the entire business and portfolio, had the opportunity to go to everyone of the operating sites, and as well as had detailed discussions around all the projects and we continue to go through - I look forward to and Tom does as well to get around to visit all the sites in due course but that won't happen here over the next couple of weeks. That'll be over the next several months as we work through that process.
Gary Goldberg: Thank you for joining our call this morning. We're pleased with our performance in 2018. But as always, our commitment is to take it to the next level by delivering steady gold production at competitive costs, continuing to invest in the next generation of mines, leaders, and technology; and staying ahead of the pack in terms of the value we create and the standards we uphold. Thank you for joining us and have a safe day.
Tom Palmer: John one of the areas we’re looking at for additional oxide is the - in the Chaquicocha Underground we are seeing some additional oxide that might help serve as a further bridge between oxides and sulfides at Yanacocha. And also share some infrastructure in terms of the underground development at the Chaquicocha Underground. But there is a quite extensive sulfide deposits across that existing operational footprint at Yanacocha. So, our Verde Open Pit Chaquicocha Underground represent Phase 1, but there are some other quite exciting deposits that serve [indiscernible] beyond that Phase 1 stage of the project.
Tom Palmer: Tom Palmer, here. We are seeing some headwinds say in Australia particular where the iron ore markets heated up so the labor markets warmed up in Australia. So we are seeing attrition a little bit higher, so we’re seeing some headwinds in that area. But our full potential program and the commitment each of our operating General Manager make every year in their planning process is to offset inflation and we have assumptions for inflation building to our planning process to ensure that they have baked into their plans clear projects that can offset inflation as a minimum and then deliver beyond that. And we’ve been out to do that over the last several years, we see it in our plans going forward and we’re confident that we still got a pipeline of projects that can continue to at a minimum offset inflation.
Tom Palmer: That is linked to the concentrates we now produce at CC&V that we had been stockpiling whilst we got our logistics process in place to ship them to Carlin's Mill 6. And we drew down all of those concentrates that we had stockpile through the year. So what you're seeing in the fourth quarter is all of that concentrate we produced through 2018, getting prices through Carlin's Mill 6, at improved recovery then what you would have seen at CC&V's Mill 6 and helping contribute to improve recoveries in Carlin's Mill 6. So that's what you're seeing in those numbers for CC&V in the fourth quarter.
Tom Palmer: At Phoenix, more infill drilling allowed us to improve our resource models and get better reconciliations between the model and what we're mining and processing. So it was really a process of continuing to refine and optimize their models through infill drilling and then making those adjustments so that we have more reliability and predictability in terms of what we have in the ground and what we actually produce through the plant. So the prices are continuing to tidy up and improve those models at Phoenix. And at Carlin, two laybacks in the Gold Quarry pit, that as we got to the point in that planning processes we were optimizing those laybacks, we were able to improve the performance of one of the laybacks and actually pull ounces out of one of the laybacks, by adding the second layback into the first layback. So improved one layback but that led to the other layback becoming uneconomic in terms of our reserves requirements and so it pushed out. So it's really about that Carlin going through that stage of mine planning and doing the optimization on the next phase as layback's coming through.
Tom Palmer: Some of that is a complex multi metal ore body. So as you get in and do your drilling, it's about getting better confidence about what's in the ground between the fortitude and bonanza pits and it was a process as we start to do the additional drilling and bring that drilling into the resource model and then bring that into our mine plants that got better confidence in that material. So there's some metal that we previously thought was there that that wasn't there, some metal moves into resource whilst we do more work.
Tom Palmer: Our 2019 might be as heavily weighted to the fourth quarter as 2018 was. We had a Tanami, Merian, Ahafo, CC&V, and Carlin, all fourth quarters that were heavily weighted in 2018. There will be a slight waiting to the second-half and fourth quarter mainly around the Ahafo mill expansion coming on stream in the second half of 2019. So we'll see increased volume come through and somewhat into the second half and into the fourth quarter. But not the same level that you saw in 2018.
GaryGoldberg: I think that's one that we’re open to John when it comes to going Galeno and Michiquillay and how that might fit with Conga, but I think like we’re looking at with the Goldcorp transaction when is the right time to bring those in and we can look at proper sequencing and how that might work best.
GaryGoldberg: Couple of things, in regards to guidance what we look to do once we close is to provide an update to 2019 guidance after we've closed and gone through the process to make sure we've got a good understanding of how to properly present because we do look at costs in particular differently than Goldcorp has historically. So we will come out with that guidance. In terms of longer-term guidance, we look to target our Investor Day at the end of the year. Right now we’re looking in either November/December to hold that Investor Day to provide the longer term guidance and outlook for the combined business. In regards to the proxy question, I'd probably need to get more specifics because that’s a backward looking document and it’s not looking forward. So I'm not clear exactly what you want to cover there, but we’re happy if you want to get back to us with the detail on that we can provide it.
GaryGoldberg: At this stage we wouldn't be projecting any asset sales. I think that's something that we typically don't hang the- for sale sign out there. So clearly we’re going to go through a process like we've done with Newmont over the last five years where we assess all of our assets both operating assets and projects and the value versus risk basis and go through in detail making sure we understand what their full potential is before we move forward. So at this stage especially for the 2019 guidance that we provide in due course after close, I wouldn't anticipate seeing any asset sales in there.
