Richard O'Brien: Thanks, John. For those of you on the webcast, we'll begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we continue to focus on delivering growth, generating profits and returning capital to shareholders. On April 6, we closed the Fronteer Gold acquisition and began our drilling program at Long Canyon, Nevada. We've now completed over 20,000 meters of drilling at Long Canyon, some encouraging initial intercepts identified earlier this month. At the same time, our discovery and development team remains focused on advancing several key projects in our growth plan as evidenced by Wednesday's announcement of full funds approval for our Conga and Tanami projects. As you may remember, we also announced full funds approval for our Akyem project in March. Collectively, those projects, Conga, Tanami, Akyem and Long Canyon will deliver over 1 million ounces of annual gold production when completed. Meanwhile, our existing top rating teams continue to focus on execution and cost control, providing our shareholders with continuing margin expansion in a rising gold price environment. Our second quarter highlights included an average realized gold sales price of 1501, allowing us to boost our dividend to $0.30 per share for the third quarter. This is a 100% increase over our third quarter 2010 dividend. On an annualized basis, Newmont's dividend yield is now an industry leading over 2%. This is higher also than the current S&P 500 average yield. We're also maintaining our outlook for production and cost attributable to sales and capital expenditures. And although capital spending through the first half of 2011 has been lower than expected across the portfolio, we do expect to accelerate capital spending in the second half of the year. Now I'll turn the call over to Russell, our Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our second quarter results.
Richard O'Brien: Thanks, Guy. So to summarize, Newmont continues to execute on both our operations and development plans, and we continue to deliver solid results. We're advancing our growth plan across our portfolio with 2 key project approvals announced this week. We're maintaining our outlook for 2011 production, CAS and capital spending. We've increased our dividend over 200% over the second quarter of 2010 dividend, enhancing our shareholders' exposure to the rallying gold price. We now have the highest return of capital through our gold price-linked dividend than any gold company in this space. And notably, based on an ROIC measure, we have the highest return on capital as well. We've heard your feedback that you'd like more information on project updates and milestones, and hopefully, some of today's materials were accepted in that regard with respect to responding to that feedback, and we will communicate periodic updates as is practicable on all of our growth projects going forward. So with that, I want to thank you for listening to our call. And operator, we'd like to open the call for questions.
Richard O'Brien: John, it's Richard. I would just say that this is a company which has been in Peru for a very long period of time. We have undergone several changes of not just presidents but political styles, from revolutionary through left- and right-leaning. And I think as we look into the future, this company -- this asset, based on reserves today, will be producing, I believe, 20 to 30 years Conga, not to mention Yanacocha, we believe will have a second life as we get into sulfide ores. And with all that, we expect that we will see political changes in Peru, just like we do everywhere else around the world. I would say specifically, with respect to the change of presidents in Peru, one, it's always, I think, good to note that in any country in the world, where changes happen in a democracy and things go without really any revolution or anything to go with that, Peru certainly qualifies for that. I think people in Peru pride the vote that they get, and they use it appropriately. I hope that President Humala will be a president who values the contribution of business in general and mining in particular. And at this point, I think given the ministerial staff that he has selected, I think he is looking for experienced individuals who will help guide the government of Peru in exactly the same direction that it's been driven. And I think what we could expect is to see some ongoing thoughts and discussions around how best to close the gap between rich and poor and better share some of the wealth of Peru. And I think we're all for that, done in the right way. And so far, what I would tell you is we expect, just as when President Garcia came to into office, that there will be some discussions about what we will do as mining companies on royalties. I don't expect that gold or Yanacocha and Conga will be picked on in particular. I think it will be industry-wide. And I think we have a pretty good sense of what that is, and we've incorporated that into our economics. I won't tell you what our assumption is, but we have made some assumptions. And what I'll tell you is going forward, John, we learned how to live around the world in changing political environments and will continue to do so.
Richard O'Brien: I think it's fair to say, Jorge, that in this environment, we could expect some escalation. Remember, this is a project plan which has projects going all the way out into 2017 and beyond, actually, because we do have other plans than just the ones that were included to get to the $7 billion. We do expect there will be escalation pressures. We also expect that at times, there won't be. So I think this is a longer-term view for us. I would also say that when we look at these projects, we are trying to do so in the light of ensuring that we incorporate today's environment into the numbers that we give you with respect to projects which are approved. So these are obviously further along in the maturation process, now moving into Stage 5 for us than some of the others which are earlier on. And as we announced about those, we'll tell you exactly what those will be as well.
Richard O'Brien: Just to conclude, I would say everyone of these projects goes through a screen, obviously, its strategic importance, economic returns, and we don't shy away from balancing those, but generally, we continue to see these projects even at prices lower than a $1,500 gold price. We definitely see that these projects are economic, clearly exceeding our weighted average cost of capital. And as with Conga, if you do the net on production cost as both cost for gold and cost for copper and you look at the revenue stream, I think a lot of companies would tell you that they're producing gold for free, the way this comes out. So I think when we look at the cash flow returns on this and we look at the near-term payback, these are just the kind of projects that we ought to do. And more over, we're basing that on what we know today in terms of reserve and resource base. And having the first copper concentrator in the district, we know there's going to be more. So are we willing to pay up a little bit for the option? Absolutely. We think it's the right thing to do.
Richard O'Brien: Yes, David, Brian will do that. Let me just say I think the team in Nevada has absolutely a great plan that they've got in place -- they've had in place. We're, as far as we're concerned, on budget for Nevada. We get your angst, and Brian will talk about it.
Richard O'Brien: I'd just say on Akyem, we were just out there a couple of weeks ago. They are beginning to pour first concrete out there. We have this project over 95% engineered. When they're in the dirt, this thing is going to go like heck. We preordered some equipment, remembering that this mill has actually been on-site at Ahafo for quite some time. I think we're ready to get going on this thing, so I expect this project, as Russ said, this one will hit the straps in terms of its budget and its delivery dates.
Richard O'Brien: Just to add to that, David, when we signed the agreement with PIP, we knew it would take some time to get government approval, so we actually have, I think, until November, mid-November, to complete the transaction. And the expectation is that they would pay cash to the foreign shareholders for that piece, and that, as Russ was saying, would come out of PTNNT directly to the foreign shareholders.
Richard O'Brien: I could just try to maybe connect the dots between the stacking rates and the higher grade, I mean, just come back from Yanacocha. What we see down there, and this is, I think, a tribute to how Newmont's doing projects today and turning them over to operations, but we built that gold mill for about 5 million tons of throughput a year. And it looks like this year, we'll be close to 6 million tons. And I think with that, we're going to really see the capability there to continue to produce out of the mill a lot more than we'd anticipated.
Richard O'Brien: And I would just add to that, Patrick, that one of the things we've tried to do, as Guy said, based on lessons learned, we've done quite a bit more infill drilling than we have at other projects in this stage. I think we know more about the grade as well as the quality of concentrate that we're going to produce out of this. And I think Brian and his team have been working closely with Guy and the construction team to ensure a clean handoff of construction into operations. And I think it's great that at this point in the model, we've actually got more detail than we had, for instance, at Boddington. I think we're starting to scope this plan out so that we have a much higher level of confidence of actually delivering this production rate.
Richard O'Brien: Okay, thanks for your questions and your attendance today, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Guy Lansdown: John, this is Guy. John, we've locked in a substantial amount of our major equipments. We've placed orders for those last year, so the bulk of that, which would be tens of millions of dollars, is locked in. In addition, we've got our earthworks contractor onboard and ready to go. We've got our EPCM contractor onboard and ready to go. I guess the bulk of the work to come is -- or the costs to come are around the bulk materials and, of course, the construction contracts.
Guy Lansdown: John, we'd guess -- estimate at the order of 20% to 30% of our costs would be locked in at this stage.
Guy Lansdown: Patrick, this is Guy. We've updated our models, Patrick, to include the latest drill results, the latest metallurgical test results, so we've got a new mine plan. And we've incorporated our best estimates based on our lessons learned from other projects around what we forecast the production to be. It has increased the overall production and the mine life. The mine life's actually gone up a year or so. We do believe there is some upsides around the current projections that we have, but the bulk of it is really an update to the mine plan.
Guy Lansdown: What we do is we drive the mine plan around a revenue model, so we're not necessarily targeting higher copper or gold production. And with our current metal price assumptions, this is where we land up. The copper price -- sorry, the copper production is about where we had anticipated before, gold, slightly lower, so using slightly higher gold prices would drop the gold production but increase mine life.
Guy Lansdown: That's just a pretty good average. I can try and get you more details down the road, but this is a pretty good average strip ratio.
Russell Ball: No, John. That's not on any rock that's uncharacteristically soft compared to what we normally expect to see at Boddington. That's just a reflection of the plant continuing to ramp up and perform at capacity where we expect it to be.
Russell Ball: It's Russ. Just let me add a comment because it's specific to the Tanami investment. If you look at that with the exchange rate moving from $0.95 to $1.10, that added $40 million in capital to that project. So as Richard says, as we go in to execute, we will take our assumptions and update them for the best information that we have at the time, and we'll give you that. But we had an additional capital expense of about $40 million just solely related to FX, and that's been in the last 3 months.
Russell Ball: David, it's Russ here. Likely, we will see some of it slip over. I mean, the full cost we received shows that it's largely catching up by the end of the year. But we continue to manage that. From our perspective, no implication on the second point of your question, which was around the expected startup date. Kim and the team, they're doing an outstanding job, and my expectation is that they'll come in under budget ahead of schedule, but it's still early. They're a very good team, and they're executing. So on issue from a spend perspective. I'd say we do have some irrational exuberance around our ability to spend capital, so what you end up seeing towards the end of the year is some of that capital shifts into the following year.
Russell Ball: David, Russ. Just to clarify, we entered into the agreement with PIP, an arm of the Indonesian government, on May 6. That transaction has not closed, so our ownership interest has not changed. We're still at the 48.5%, and we still continue to work to close that transaction on the final 7% of divestiture. But you need to remember that those funds will go to existing shareholders, so it's a secondary, in effect, versus additional capital going into PTNNT. What we did complete in the quarter was a $600 million non-recourse to the sponsors' financing at the PTNNT level, and that provides that entity with significant capital flexibility to fund ongoing operating and capital costs as we continue to evaluate our third sag and then starting to spend on the Elang project, which we've spoken to you in a small amount of detail. But we're hoping to progress that. So you won't see additional capital going in, but you should rest assured that they have the balance sheet underneath them at the subsidiary level.
Russell Ball: David, we've had some positive grade reconciliation coming out of Yanacocha in the first 2 quarters of this year. It's probably not going to be as strong as we look over the balance of this year. One of the issues that, as I mentioned, we've had to do is just some of the mine sequencing readjustment with some of the geotechnical issues that we've seen at La Quinua, along the north wall, towards the latter end of the year. The one item that we could get some grade bumps on would relate to getting back into the bottom of El Tapado, where we've typically seen the higher grade ores that we deliver to the mill. But a lot of that is going to be contingent on geotechnical stability as we bring the north wall down at La Quinua.
Russell Ball: Well, that stacking rate was coming off because of some of these issues with La Quinua and the stability. We've had to move more waste as opposed to get the ores stacked onto the pads. So as we get back that area under control with a proper geotechnical program, we should probably see some of the stacking rates come back up.
Russell Ball: Patrick, it's Russ. It's 12 for us if you go back and look at the last 3, 4 years, and we have an interesting slide I was going to show, but we just ran out of time. I'll get John to put it on the website, and he can share that with you. It shows our return on invested capital against our peers, and it's not a metric a lot of people have historically spent a lot of time on in this space, but we think it's an important metric, and it's one we are watching closely.
Russell Ball: Yes, Brian, I'm not sure special is the word I'd use. We took a $30 million charge related to Dawn Mining. And there's a fair bit of disclosure in there. We are very close to a settlement on that with the federal government, and that's our best estimate. You'll see an incremental $30 million there, and there was $4 million related to some in perpetuity water treatment at another project. So yes, clearly not our run rate and not something I would expect to see going forward.
Randy Engel: Jorge, it's Randy. A couple of points, there are certainly a number of projects that sit around existing infrastructure, certainly, in Nevada, that will contribute significantly, which will help bring that per ounce number down sequentially. The Conga project, being a very significant greenfield with considerable earthmoving, is certainly going to be on the higher end of that. But you'll see those 2 types of projects on both sides of the spectrum balance out. We, of course, like everyone else in the industry, are experiencing pressures, though. We're experiencing pressures around labor, input commodities, energy, and we will do our best to manage against those, but those will afflict us as they will the entire industry.
Randy Engel: Well, for the time being, we're going through our plants. We're taking a look at how pressures will affect the rest of the projects, but I think it's fair to say that some of the pressures you saw on Conga and Tanami will pressure the rest of the portfolio.
Randy Engel: No, Jorge, with the portfolio that we discussed at Investor Day, the gold prices that we're seeing in the current environment certainly would allow for us to move forward on the vast majority of those as profitable projects. But again, as Russell echoed, we will continually come back to the street and share with you any inflationary pressures that we're experiencing, and we'll let you know as we go.
Randy Engel: Brian, it's Randy. Rough rule of thumb, you're going to see about a 1% change in your rate of return for about a 10% change in the CapEx. And for about a 5% change in your production profile, and I'm talking all straight lines, so these are very rough rules of thumb, you're going to see about a 1% change in the rate of return.
