Ryan R. Marshall: Thanks, Jim, and good morning. As we closed out 2016, there was concern in and around the housing industry about the potential impact the rising interest rates would have on buyer demand heading into the 2017 spring selling season. With the first quarter complete, it is clear that higher rates have not dampened buyer interest. In fact, it looks like the housing recovery may be picking up steam. There are several dynamics that continue to sustain and drive the housing recovery. On the demand side, gains in jobs combined with low interest rates are all working to drive consumer confidence higher. Coupled with the limited supply of new homes, we're experiencing a supply and demand environment that is favorable for housing. In particular, I would point to jobs, wages, and consumer confidence as being among the most important drivers of housing demand as they link a potential buyer's ability to buy a home with the confidence to do so. Overall, we believe these dynamics will continue to support an improving new home sales environment. And like most in the industry, we're encouraged by Q1 demand conditions and have high expectations for the remainder of 2017. With this as a background on the current business environment, we're excited to discuss the company's first quarter operating and financial results. As was the trend for much of 2016, our Q1 results reflect a positive impact of our increased investments as we generated 14% growth on the top line and 17% growth in earnings per share. I'm pleased to say that consistent with our value creation focus, we've been able to grow our operations while continuing to deliver high returns on invested capital. Bob will review the quarter in detail, but there are a few points that I want to touch on. First, our results continue to benefit from the increased investment in the business over the past several years that is allowing us to expand our community count and drive higher volumes and revenues. Second, we reaffirm our expectations for full year gross margins. Although Q1 came in slightly lower than guidance, the difference was driven more by the geographic and buyer mix of homes ultimately closed in Q1 rather than a meaningful shift in pricing or cost dynamics. Third, we updated our full year SG&A guidance and now project that it will improve by as much as 50 basis points versus previous guidance as we expect to realize improved overhead efficiencies. We announced that we took actions in Q3 of last year to materially reduce our SG&A expenses, and we're realizing the benefits of those actions. And finally, our land investment for the quarter is consistent with the plans we outlined previously for 2017. This includes investing in shorter, faster turning projects as we target a long-term mix of owning three years of lots and optioning three years. Consistent with this focus, the average duration of projects approved in the quarter was approximately 2.5 years. Let me touch on one final point before handing the call over to Bob. I have talked about the concept that over time there are opportunities for us to increase the penetration of the buyer groups we serve. While the resulting discussions tended to focus on the potential to increase our market share among first time millennial buyers, I would highlight that the boomer population is just as big as the millennials and they typically have much stronger financials and higher homeownership rates. This is obviously a buyer group that we know well and have served without rival under our Del Webb brand. Through our legacy web communities, our new Del Webb offerings and our age-targeted Pulte, DiVosta and even Centex offerings, we see the potential to grow our active adult business going forward. In fact, our newest Del Webb in Nashville has experienced excellent demand despite not having formally grand-opened, and helped to support the strong active adult performance we realized in the quarter. With 75 million people in each of the huge book end generations of the millennials and boomers, we see opportunities to expand our scale among both of these demographics. Now, let me turn the call to Bob.
Ryan R. Marshall: Thanks, Bob. As I've talked about at the outset of this call, we have a positive view on the overall housing demand and believe that economic improvement, jobs, consumer confidence, and limited housing supply will continue to provide long-term support for new home sales. These factors along with favorable demographics will continue to work in our favor. While the potential for higher rates and any resulting impact on affordability must be watched, we are optimistic about buyer demand and overall supply dynamics going forward. More specific to our first quarter, let me provide a few high-level comments. Starting out West, overall demand conditions were very strong and I would highlight Arizona, Nevada, and New Mexico and Northern California as the areas of particularly strong buyer interest. Weather in California was an issue not so much in terms of hindering demand but it certainly created challenges with construction and land development. Similar to what we've experienced in Texas in prior years, we will be playing catch-up for a couple of quarters. We generally saw very good demand in the middle third of the country as buyers remained active within our Midwest and Texas operations. And finishing here in the East, demand conditions held up well in the quarter although we did see pockets of softness at higher price points in some of our markets. Through the first few weeks of Q2, we continue to experience strong buyer demand and good traffic into our communities. Combined with historically low interest rates, we have every reason to expect demand will remain strong through the remainder of the spring selling season. Before opening the call to questions, I want to thank our employees who do an outstanding job every day of delivering a superior quality home and a great buying experience for our customers. You're the reason we've gotten off to a great start in 2017. Now, let me turn the call back to Jim Zeumer
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Good morning, Bob. Thanks for the question. We're very pleased with the movement that we've made with a disciplined focus in dramatically reducing our SG&A expense. As far as the forward rate goes, what I would tell you is excluding commissions which we've now included in our SG&A line as I think everyone's well aware now, our SG&A will continue to slightly grow as we move throughout the year which is mostly driven by expenses associated with new community openings. As we talked about on our Q4 call, we expect to open about 250 new communities in 2017 so that'll have a little bit of an impact as we move throughout the year. But our expectation is that we'll continue to see favorable improvement on our overall SG&A spend.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Bob, that's a great question. I'll probably just reiterate some of the things that I shared in the prepared remarks which is really reflective of what we're seeing. We like the demand environment that we're seeing in California. The weather was certainly tough with a lot of rain that came in the first quarter. Didn't seem to impact demand but certainly will have an impact on our development timelines. We like what we're seeing in Arizona for certain. Texas remains a strong market for us. We also like what we've gotten out of the Midwest which has been a very strong performer. I also like what we're seeing in Florida. When we look to the Northeast and the Southeast, good markets for us where we have some nice positions. We did see some pockets of softness especially in some of the higher price points.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Mike, it's Ryan. Thanks for the question. The other thing that I'd maybe share with you is we were very pleased with our Q1 sign-ups and, frankly, they were very much in line with our internal plan. I know you don't have visibility to that, but we were pleased with the results. When we look at comparing our results to our competitors, there's so many variables out there that do make it difficult to do an apples-to-apples comparison. The other thing that kind of plays into that is the different approaches that everybody's taking with their different strategies as that relates to the buyer groups that we serve. As an example, I'd tell you you get a very different outcome if new community openings are skewed more toward first time buyers versus move up buyers. So that also kind of played into the results that we posted in Q1.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Mike, and the only thing I'd add to that and Bob's kind of alluded to it, but I think when you look at the overall supply and demand dynamics that we're dealing with right now, it's favorable. There's not a lot of supply out there and demand is reasonably high given an improving economy and some good job growth and high consumer confidence. And so there's a lot of variability as Bob talked about, that we've got to pay attention to lumber and labor and other commodities. But on the whole, combined with what's out there in a broader economy along with the mix of communities, and this is – I hate to say mix again – but when you look at the communities that we know we have coming online and what the profile is, we like the guidance that we've provided for the balance of the year.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Nishu, there's a lot in there in the question but I think the best guidance that we can provide for you is that our absorption rate growth will be driven by our community count growth. We provided guidance that we'll be in the 5% to 10% range. We're executing against that. We ended the quarter at the higher end of that range given the slower closeout. So that's the direction that I would point you. Couple that with the things that Bob shared with you about some very high volume communities that we had in the first quarter of 2016 and as those replacements are just getting opened, I think that also contributed to the quarter-over-quarter comparison discrepancy that you're referring to.
Ryan R. Marshall: And, Nishu, to your question about pace versus price, I would tell you that's something that we pay a lot of attention to as our stated goal is we're driving the highest and best returns that we possibly can on a community-by-community basis. Sometimes that's the volume lever, sometimes just a price lever and we work to optimize that in every single community.
Ryan R. Marshall: No, Stephen, I don't think that's the case at all. We're just turning over a lot of communities. We turn over, on average, 250 to 275 communities a year. So with the churn of those closing out and the new ones opening up, sometimes you've got a few straggler sign-ups that may linger a quarter longer than we would've originally anticipated.
Ryan R. Marshall: Mike, we manage all of that at our local level and our local operations teams are incredibly skilled at managing the closeout of those communities and making those decisions. We're not managing to an exact community count number; that's just simply not the way that we run the business. I mentioned they may sign-up or two, may hang on an extra quarter. And not to get too far into the weeds, but the convention that we use to count whether or not a community is open is if it has activity in the quarter. So you could've had something, for example, a closeout in January and it's done but it would've been reported as an active community in the quarter. So it's not anything that we're concerned about frankly.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Mike, that's a great question. I would tell you that the attractive attributes of this particular Del Webb community are the same as the prior Del Webb communities that have very attractive lifestyle components that we know Del Webb buyers enjoy. And as much as we're selling a house, we're selling a lifestyle and that's really what that brand has been centered around for a long, long time. This particular community is one of our newer vintage communities of course that is a little smaller in nature, that doesn't have as much capital investment, they're a little faster turning. They also happen to be a little closer in to the city center, the restaurants, and some of the other infrastructure that those active adult buyers are looking for. So we're very optimistic and encouraged by the early demand that we've seen. It is still early. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we haven't formally grand-opened yet but early returns are positive.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Paul, it is a community-by-community decision that we make with respect to pace and price and we under-write returns as I think we've shared with many of the folks often, and both elements are equally important. And so it's tough to paint it with a broad brush and tell you that one is more important than the other and that we're using one more often than the other.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Paul, as I mentioned on maybe one of the earlier questions, as we looked at the order rate that came in through the first quarter of the year, we're very pleased with it. It was very much in line with our expectations and the way that we had kind of built our business plan for the year
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Alan. Thanks for the question. We are bullish on the Del Webb brand and have been for a long time. It's a big part of our company, it's a big part of what makes us unique and different, and that's a story that we've been telling for a long time. As far as these newer vintage communities, they're still quite large. They're still in the neighborhood of 500 to 1,000 lots, just substantially smaller than the 7,500-lot communities with multiple golf courses that we did under the kind of the cruise liner Del Webb days. But still quite large communities that will provide several years of strong absorptions and create a nice sense of community within those individual locations. When you look at the competitive landscape, we're not surprised at all that there are a lot of competitors that are seeing this as a big opportunity. There's 75 million buyers in that demographic. They're the wealthiest generation. They've arguably got the most liquid balance sheets, high homeowner ship rates, and they've got flexibility to kind of go and do the things that they want to do as they move into their retirement ages. The other piece that I think is important to think about is demographics here matter. And one of the things that we think we have working in our favor, as the millennials are beginning to reach age, as we see the peak of the millennial generation hitting the age 30 in the year 2020, they're starting to move on and buy their own homes as is demonstrated in some of the first time buyer numbers that are being reported. Well, the millennials are the children of the boomers and that's also freeing up the boomers to do some of the things that maybe they have put off doing as they've tried to get their millennial kids out of the nest. So we like the competitive position we have, we like the capability that we've spent several decades building inside of our organization, and we think we're positioned as well as anybody to compete in that segment.
Ryan R. Marshall: One other thing, Alan, that I'd maybe just add, that I failed to mention, is we're doing a significant amount or we're expanding our thinking to include something beyond just Del Webb as it relates to that boomer demographic. There is a significant piece of that boomer demographic that's not interested in age-restricted but they are interested in downsizing and living a different type of lifestyle as they retire.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Alan. It's a good question. I think the best thing that I can probably provide for you is just a comment on what we saw overall within the quarter. We were very pleased with the traffic, very pleased with buyer interest and buyer demand and that really applied across all consumer groups that we serve.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, and that's what I alluded to in one of the earlier questions and Bob just kind of touched on it, Joel. We have 250 new communities that are opening throughout the year. We expense a significant amount of the new opening costs or the costs associated with those new openings in the quarter that those communities open. So in addition to the other variable components as new communities come online, that's the other variable number that will be added to our SG&A run rate on a go forward basis.
Ryan R. Marshall: The majority of it was Del Webb. I don't have a specific percentage, but I'd point you to the majority of it being Del Webb. We are making new investments that are going to this non-Del Webb age-targeted but those are openings that will come in future periods.
Ryan R. Marshall: Hey, Buck, it's Ryan. I think the biggest message that I'd want you to hear is that we're committed to the $1 billion buyback. Bob mentioned in his prepared script that we're taking into consideration the cash needs of the business. We ended the first quarter with $450-ish million in cash, so we really like our cash position. As we look at the balance of the year, we certainly anticipate ramping up that spend amount as we move into the second quarter. We probably don't have enough time on this call to list all of the potential things that could go wrong with the world economy that would influence that. I think the best bet is to go with the plan that we're buying $1 billion back.
Ryan R. Marshall: So, Buck, I'll speak to the spec start question first. About 18 months or so ago we did introduce an incremental additional amount of specs into our production pipeline. We like where we're running right now. As far as would we introduce more, we would introduce more in an effort to balance out our production pipeline to ensure that we can maintain a consistent and predictable cadence of production for our trades. We want to give nice stability and visibility to our trade partners so that we can keep them on our job site. We think that's one of the, probably, best and strongest tools that we have to maintain a predictable production pipeline. So our strategy is different than some of our other competitors that run at a higher spec rate. We believe that given our strategy and our focus on driving better returns on invested capital, the rate that we're running at is about right. And then to your question on the cancellation rate in the quarter, it was just over 12%.
Ryan R. Marshall: Jay, we did not give it specific to Q2. What we have given is a full year range of 12% to 12.5% which is a 50-basis point improvement over the prior guidance that we had given of 12.5%. So I think as you're modeling it, you're building your models, look to our community count guidance that I'm sure you'll use to model your volume and that'll help give you a kind of a guidance of where overheads will run. As Bob mentioned and some of the other commentary that we provided, we're incredibly pleased with the movement that we've made on SG&A. We do anticipate it increasing slightly as we move through the year on the non-variable components. As we open up our new communities, there is spend that's associated with getting those new communities open.
Ryan R. Marshall: Ken, this is Ryan, and I'd answer it as a simple no. The seasonal trends that played out in the first quarter were very much in line with our expectations.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Bob. I guess on the lumber tariffs, you've seen lumber prices move over the last 10 or 12 weeks. I think most people would suggest that's really been in anticipation of this. And I don't think that the announcement last night was any more significant; it might even be a little less significant than people were expecting. So volatility drives change and I'm not sure what will happen. But at this point it looks like the market has been expecting this so we don't expect anything dramatic from that. Obviously, how it plays out over time can have an influence on our cost structure
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Mike, it's Bob. Communities matter and as an example I'd use the fact that we posted really strong absorptions in the active adult side of the business which was impacted by the opening of the store in Tennessee that we talked about. Looking across the spectrum, if you look at the 5% down in the first time space, last year we had a number of communities that were generating really significant paces, that their replacements are either opening now or already have but we haven't seen the same paces out of them. You can cut this data 1 million different ways. If you look at the lower price points, those were typically that higher price point of the first time. We actually saw absorptions increase within that. So the mix of the communities we have opened at points in time contributes to the relative absorption pace. In terms of the move up space, you heard Ryan talk about that at the higher price points and this might be because consumers have more choice. There's more product on the ground or they're just taking a little bit longer to make decisions. So we think that contributed to the decrease in the move up space. We still feel good about the business. The margins are still good there; we just haven't seen the absorptions increase from where they were.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Well, Mike, what we offer in terms of guidance is based on our backlog, so obviously we have a pretty significant backlog for the balance of the year. We're looking at margins on recent sales and we also think about the communities that we have coming online. So we're of the view that we can continue to deliver higher margins and we do expect improvement over the balance of the year. In terms of the variability against that, I think a lot of it will depend on consumer confidence. We think that's a primary driver of sort of the demand equation. Obviously, local decision-making, what communities are next to you, what are your competitors doing, can influence local decisions. But, broadly, we think that consumer confidence and obviously interest rates, we've got the specter of rising rates but it hasn't happened yet. So how people feel will probably be the driver of what happens on a relative basis, the margins between now and the end of the year.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: I think that is going to be market-specific. Certainly, where you've got strong demand you have the opportunity to work on price. I think we're trying to offset cost increases. But you've got a different, I think, dynamic at different price points, and so were you at the lower price points where you're seeing more volume you might have more opportunity for price rather than at the higher price points.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: I think where you are, Stephen, in terms of as a percentage of lumber cost as a percentage of revenue, high single digits for the lumber package in total is probably not that far off but I think you also then have to split it though between your sticks versus your OSB because I'm pretty sure when you get into the high single digits you're probably including OSB as part of that package.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Jack. This is a big tanker and it takes a little while for actions to take place. This really goes back to 2011 for all intents and purposes. So the value creation initiatives that got started then were focused on less land, not necessarily the three years owned, three years option that Ryan's outlined, that we're moving towards. But if you look over the last four or five years, the profile of the land that we've been buying has been much shorter in duration. We mentioned that we're two and a half years in the most recent quarter. It's not much different than that over the last couple of years before. So our owned lot position down below five years today was up in excess of eight years several years ago, and I think you'll continue to see that move down as we continue to cycle through these shorter positions and work off some of those longer positions that you talked about. That takes a little while but we're very pleased actually with the tenure of the land that we've been buying now over the last few years and expect to be able to do more of that over time. We're looking at options even in the Del Webb brand. We're trying to be capital-efficient. So I think we've talked about this, but there's a longer-dated community that we've gotten involved in in South Carolina. We think we'll be there for 10 years but we're buying the land on time, and so we think we could be really capital-efficient with that land as well.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Certainly. I mean, with the usual caveat of subject to market conditions, we are planning to buy back $1 billion of stock this year. Yes.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: I think what Ryan talked about earlier, I think, is the right way to think about this. Our SG&A spend is truly variable on the sales commissions, but it is also variable based on new community openings. We've got start-up expenses. And so what we've tried to give you is a target run rate for the year. We had given you 12.5% coming into the year. We think we can do a little bit better than that, and so we've widened that out to 12% to 12.5%.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: I think it was, really, it's people. And I don't mean to be insensitive, but we took a pretty big swing at people and I think we've talked about this in the past. It was largely focused on the corporate office. The reason being, and I think Ryan has used this analogy and I think it's perfect, as we were going through the initiatives of value creation over time, we were trying to fix the cars that was on the road or a building that we're ready to build so we put scaffolding up around it. We essentially, as most of those skill sets and processes and data analytics has been moved out to the field operations, thought that we had an opportunity to take down that scaffolding. So it's the people that we've taken out of the organization that really influenced that.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: It's hard to answer that question with specificity. A lot of it's going to depend on when and where closings come in. We offer the range without a bias towards higher or lower within it.
