Ryan Marshall: Before we open the call to questions, I want to briefly touch on an exciting relationship that we just announced with Invitation Homes.  As most of you know, we have been evaluating different ways for PulteGroup to get involved in the rapidly expanding long-term single family rental business. We were looking for an approach that leveraged our expertise in land acquisition and home construction with an acceptable level of risk and that generated sufficient margins and returns. I believe that we have accomplished this through our collaboration with Invitation Homes, the leader in single family rental. As outlined in the release, beginning in 2022, PulteGroup expects to design and build approximately 7,500 new homes over a five-year period for sale to Invitation Homes for inclusion in their single family rental leasing portfolio. We have already agreed to projects in the state of Florida, Georgia, California and Texas, representing an initial 1,000 homes. Under the program structure, we are effectively a preferred provider of new construction homes to Invitation.  Along with providing a strong margin and return opportunity, this relationship offers a number of other benefits. The increased construction volume allows us to further expand local market scale within the areas we currently serve. The increased inventory turn resulting from these sales can enhance overall project returns. The increased volume could allow the company to potentially pursue larger land pieces in select locations, and the relationship could also support PulteGroup’s entry into select new markets we have been assessing.  We have been diligent in our efforts to find the right entry point into single family rentals and we are excited about this opportunity and the chance to work with an industry leader like Invitation Homes. Before turning this back to Jim, let me thank all of our employees for their work in delivering these exceptional financial results and, more importantly, an outstanding home buying experience for our customers. I also want to applaud our entire organization on PulteGroup being ranked among the 2021 Best Workplaces for Millennials by Fortune and Great Place to Work. Following our being named to the prestigious Fortune 100 Best Companies for Work For earlier this year, this newest ranking further builds our position as an employer of choice for all generations. As the CEO of PulteGroup, I appreciate what you do every day for our customers and for each other.  Now let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Mike, thanks for the question. As we highlighted in our prepared remarks, we really haven’t. To your point, we have raised prices quite aggressively. We’ve effectively limited sales through restricting lot releases and other processes we used in over 75% of our communities, so we just have not seen demand wane throughout the quarter.  As I characterized it in my prepared remarks, we think demand was at least equal to what we saw in Q1 and in some communities and some locales, even better. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes Mike, it is one of the tools that we use. We find that for certain buyer groups in certain communities, it works well, Mike. I’d tell you that we don’t use it in every division in every community, so it’s one of the tools, and to give you an exact number of how many times we used that versus other mechanisms, I’m not sure that I’ve got that information at my fingertips, but a pretty high number of our divisions do use it.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Alan, good morning. Thanks for the questions. As I think Bob highlighted in some of his commentary, we’d characterize the supply chain as about the same. There are different challenges that are popping up - one gets solved and then you’ve got another one to deal with. It certainly has elongated our cycle time, and that’s what’s contributed to us adjusting our full year closing guide for the total year. With what we see today, we’re not anticipating it getting any worse than what we’re currently experiencing, and our hope would be as the world continues to reopen, more and more folks are vaccinated, more employers are going back to work in full capacity, that some of those supply chain related challenges would get solved or would maybe get slightly improved. That’s what I would share with you on the supply side. As far as demand goes, Alan, time will tell. I would continue to reiterate what we experienced in the quarter and well into the third week of July - demand is strong, and we continue to be impressed with the appetite of the consumer and the buyer for homes in general, but specifically new homes. Keep in mind, I think all of this is being done against the backdrop of summer time, maybe the first kind of normal or semi-normal summer that we’ve had in the better part of two years, so suffice to say I think there’s been other distractions out there that potentially capture the attention of the consumer, and we haven’t seen it have an impact on demand at this point.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Alan, it’s a fair question, and I’m going to give you a little bit of a, it’s a bit of both, answer. We do believe that a fair number of these homes will truly be incremental to our existing for-sale business, and that would certainly be the intent. We think that this partnership will give us access to larger land parcels and allow us to build everything that we normally would have built for sale, and then incrementally do some rental units as well. Certainly I think there will be some projects where it becomes a little fungible and some of the units will come out of what historically would have been our for-sale portfolio. We’ll see how the partnership plays out and what opportunities are there, but we do believe that this will become part of our growth story and we’re excited about that. I’d highlight, Alan as I think you know, the price points of the homes that are typically going to the rental pools are slightly smaller, more on the entry level price point, the cycle times are a little faster, the construction’s a little easier, so we certainly think that aspect will help on the construction side of things.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, and Ken, I’d also add and just kind of emphasize, I think Bob touched on it, we haven’t changed our philosophy in terms of the number of years of land that we want to own. We’ve also, as we highlighted in this most recent quarter, we’ve gotten our land under option up to the highest that its arguably been in the last decade at 53% of our lots are controlled via option, so I think we’re sticking to the fundamentals and the principles that we laid out, that we believe, to the point that Bob made, really manage risk and drive the best returns that we can get.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Ken, we do not have a joint venture. As Bob and I highlighted in my prepared remarks, we have an arrangement with Invitation Homes that is on a--that’s struck on a project-by-project basis, so we underwrite every project individually, as do they. We have purchase and sale agreements that are, while bigger in size, pretty normal with what we typically do in purchase and sale type agreements. We think in terms of the risk on our side, risk on their side, we think we’ve effectively managed that and we’re doing it in a pretty responsible way. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes Matt, thanks for the question. You highlighted a number of them. The other one that I would add to that is the number of months that a customer will be in backlog while their home is constructed, so we ideally like to target something in the six to seven month range. We occasionally will go outside of that, but we find you go much longer than seven months, it starts to have a negative impact on the customer experience, so we will look at that as well. We also look at overall cycle time, which we’ve highlighted is slightly getting expanded, and then our lot availability and our lot development times, kind of what the runway is in front of us, we evaluate that. Then you’d add into that obviously production capabilities, trade availability, so do we have the opportunity to bring on more trades. In some of our entry level communities, Matt, I would highlight that we’re building more specs in those communities, and so in those communities we actually don’t want to sell the home until it reaches a later stage of production, and so in those communities, we’re trying to catch up. We are certainly still selling and we’re open--it’s mostly in our Texas communities, we’re open and we’re selling but we’re intentionally really holding back as we put more homes into the spec pipeline.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Stephen, thanks for the question. We did have a really good start quarter, and our field production and construction teams, I think did an amazing job getting the 9,800 homes in the ground in the quarter. We’d highlighted last quarter, and I’d highlight it again today, that’s not a rate that we would intend to run at through the balance of the year. The Q2 number was really meant to get some of our outsized backlog into the production pipeline, as well as to rebuild our spec inventory. We think we’ve made meaningful progress against that. Our Q3 and our Q4 start rate will certainly be up over prior year, although we probably expect it to be below the 9,800 that we did in Q2. As we think about production capacity, we think we’ve got a lot of inherent ability and inherent capacity built into our system, and certainly as we look to grow the company, we look to grow in the future years, we’ll evaluate what that spec or that ultimate start rate should ultimately be over several cycles.
Ryan Marshall: Hey Truman, it’s Ryan - good morning. We’re really excited about the second location for our ICG operation. To your point, we have not provided margin guidance at this point. Even with this second facility, we think the amount of our business that it’s impacting is still pretty small. As we continue to scale, we get to a third plant, a fourth plant, and it’s starting to impact a bigger part of our business, I think that that insight will become more relevant and certainly more appropriate. Qualitatively, I think the thing that I would expound and elaborate on, we’re really happy with what it’s doing for our operation. In terms of the quality of the product that’s coming out of the facilities, it is top notch. We’ve got a really talented team of designers and operators that are running that plant. The constructability of those components that are happening in the field are really exceeding our expectations, and it’s serving saving a significant cycle time on the frame shell components of the homes, depending on how many of the components are actually going in. Talented group of folks that are running the ICG operation for us. We’re going to continue to grow it from here, and our hope would be in the coming six to nine months, we can have some type of an investor day or some type of an event where we can show you all firsthand what this factory does for us.
Ryan Marshall: In terms of consumer groups, Truman, very consistent with where we’ve been targeting historically. As a refresher, 35% of the business first-time entry level, 40% of the business with our Pulte branded move-up family communities, and 25% in active adult, so really no change to that focus. In terms of markets, not a whole lot of change there either, other than we have highlighted that we’ve recently re-entered Denver. We are in the triad area of North Carolina, and we’ve started to kind of expand into some of the markets like Columbia and Greenville as well, leveraging some of our existing operations. You’re starting to see a little bit of incremental land spend in a few of those places, but other than that, it’s largely consistent with our current footprint.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Mike, we’re excited about what the Del Webb brand is doing for the company, and specifically the recent performance. We had a great quarter. On a year-over-year basis, the absorptions were up 76%. Now admittedly, that’s against a pretty soft quarter last year when that consumer wasn’t traveling, but on an absolute new order basis, we reached levels that we haven’t seen in a long, long time. We like the way the brand’s performing, we think we’ve got some great assets. Our newer vintage Del Webb communities are even better located than what historical ones were, and some of those historical battleships, given that we’ve had them for a long time, they’re in pretty damn good locations as well, just as time has allowed them to mature and they’ve become closer in. The other advantage that we have with some of those legacy communities is we do have land there. We’re able to develop that land and run those communities at a little faster rate in the current environment, which is certainly helping with return and overall inventory turn.  In terms of what the brand does for us over the next two to three years, as we’ve highlighted in some of our comments, we’re very constructive on the overall U.S. housing market. We believe with that market staying healthy, that will bode well for this active adult consumer as well as they’re typically selling their resale home and looking to move and do other things. We’re certainly bullish on the entire business, but I think maybe extra positive on the active adult component. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes Mike, we’re not going to give any guidance on order rates for Q3 or Q4, but I would tell you that given the current environment and how strong demand is, and the fact that we are intentionally and purposefully restricting sales, I think it’s difficult to use historical models to predict the next couple of quarters. We like the way we’re operating, we are very optimistic and bullish on consumer demand. We’re going to continue to sell as many as we think we can produce and our land pipeline will--our developed land pipeline will allow for, but at this point that’s probably all I can give you in terms of future order growth.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, candidly I think the supply chain challenges are bigger than just housing. I think nearly every industry across the globe is dealing with shortages of various materials. Sometimes those are major parts and pieces and sometimes they’re microchips that cost less than a dollar. I think in terms of does the industry have capacity, I think we do. I think we have the land pipeline, I think we have the labor base, I think there’s just some sand in the gears related to certain materials. The things that are having the biggest impact on us right now are windows, to a lesser degree certain lumber components and components needed to manufacture lumber-related pieces, and then candidly, I think in terms of the ability to increase start rate bigger than the current supply challenges, it’s going to be land, titled developed land, so we’ve all really worked to put more on the balance sheet to move things through the entitlement process, but over the long haul I think that’s the constraint that we should be focused on, as opposed to what I think are mostly short term supply chain issues.
Ryan Marshall: Well, I only control what goes on inside of our shop. I know that we’ve got a healthy land pipeline, as indicated by the 207,000 lots we control. In terms of what the entire industry has and where that’s at in the overall entitlement development process, I’d probably leave that up to economists that are smarter than I am.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes Ken, it’s a fair question. I think, and this is going to perhaps be a boring answer, we haven’t changed our thought process in terms of how we’re seeking to access the land market, and more importantly what our return expectations are. Now, obviously when we look at potential transactions, the current market influences our thinking, but as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, we’re mindful that the market is moving at a pretty fast pace today, and so we always think what happens if it goes back to what had been the norm before that, what does it do to our return expectations. On balance, our community sizes have gotten a little bit bigger but not much, honestly - they’re still three years on average, our return screen is the same.  One of the nice things, and Ryan highlighted it about the relationship with Invitation Homes, is because they are going to have a need for and a desire for delivery of certain cadence of homes, coupled with the homes that we’re going to build for sale, it allows for an accelerated build and delivery rate that is return enhancing, so it actually lets us look at different communities. Maybe a little bit further on the question that Ryan got asked a minute ago, it allows us to think about different land parcels, so it might be something that we would have passed on but for the relationship with Invitation Homes. All those things factor in, and so when our teams are out looking, stuff that they used to say no to, we now have a different kind of build and sell model that we can layer it into that might broaden the universe of assets that we’re looking at.  Again to be clear about this, our return expectations haven’t changed, and whether it’s looking at things that we’re going to build solely for sale or include a rental portion, we have the same return expectations around that.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, it’s a fair question. Interestingly, the average sales price for our first-time buyers is $338,000 in the most recent quarter - that’s up 6% over the prior year. That’s against the combined portfolio up 7%, and just for perspective, our move-up was up about 9%, our active adult was up about 8%, so it’s all. In the prepared remarks, we highlighted this - it’s kind of all markets, all buyers that pricing is pretty consistent.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes Stephen, fair question. We’re not going to give a guide on margins for next year. Fair to say that if lumber prices stay where they are, it will be a tailwind. In terms of absolute impact on our margin, I think we had highlighted this in the most recent call, historically we would have thought the lumber pack ex-labor would have been 3% to 5% of the ASP. We had highlighted that had run up to probably 6% to 8%, so in real dollar terms on a $440,000 ASP, $25,000 to $30,000 in lumber cost in a house, so you can kind of think through if pricing falls, and depending on where you think lumber goes, random lags OSD falling at different rates, the benefit will be--you know, if we can get back to that 3% to 5% of ASP, pretty sizeable. Where pricing is, what lumber does, how that happens, again we’ve seen different rates of change for different components, but if things go as it appears they’re looking, it’ll be a little bit of a benefit in fiscal ’22.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, hey Susan, it’s Bob. I think very consistently, we’ve answered this question over time. As the business grows, we certainly expect that we will get leverage from that, and I think if you go back probably five years and look, with the exception of sort of the pothole that got created because of the basic elimination of spend during the pandemic, you’ve seen a very consistent inverse trend - as our revenues have increased, our SG&A as a percentage of those revenues has decreased in relative step order to the size. I think we’ve done a very nice job through time of managing against our expense--our expenses against our revenue stream. I think it’s a pretty good blueprint for what you can and should expect from us going forward. We’ve said it before - we likely will never be the cheapest company in terms of SG&A spend. There are things that we invest in, whether it’s IT or marketing related things, that we think benefit the business and contribute to both the engagement of our workforce, the experience of our consumers, the gross margins that we generate, so we think we run a pretty tight ship. We think we’re leveraging as we grow, and I think that’s how you should think about it as we go forward.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, good news, Susan, is nothing’s changed. We still have a desire to invest in the business when we’re constructive, as we are today. I think you see that both in terms of the year-over-year growth and even the increase that we’ve highlighted for investment this year, up 8% versus what we thought at the beginning of the year, which is a pretty sizeable increase over the prior year. We’ve obviously demonstrated a willingness to work the dividend through time, the share repurchase authorization and the activity during this most recent quarter, and you should expect us to be doing, on some level, all of those things going forward.
