Jim Zeumer: Great. Thank you, Richard. We’ll open the call for questions. So, that we can speak with as many participants as possible during the remaining time of this call, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up. Sean, if you’ll explain the process, we’ll get started.
Jim Zeumer: Just to follow on that to add, Steve point, Richard, the average selling price of the first time home is about $264,000, and when you compare that to the historical pricing that we've disclosed for Centex that entry-level business that roughly $200,000, there is a definite difference in the product we are offering, the location we're offering in it.
Jim Zeumer: Thanks John, thanks everybody for your time this morning. We are certainly around all day, if you have any follow-up questions and we look forward to talking to you on our next quarterly call.
Richard Dugas: There’s a lot of stuff in that question, Bob. I think in terms of ASP growth, we don’t factor that into our expectations. But we’ve got – a third of the year in backlog, we’ve got an expectation that we’ve got relatively benign input costs this year. So lumber is trending positively, basically all the other input costs, we see about 2% increase, maybe in our house costs construction that’s largely labor. We’re obviously working through that in all the different markets. So we have visibility into a good part of the year, and at least in terms of input costs, we think that we’re in relatively good shape coming into the year.
Richard Dugas: Stephen, just to clarify, I think we had talked about this on a couple of calls. The flagging of those differs somewhat. So there are – for that millennial buyer that’s closer in typically higher price point, we flagged them Pulte, but they are really first-time buyers. So that’s the primary difference there and then there are certain active adult penetrations that we have historically and will continue to flag Pulte not Del Webb that will get caught in the active adult categorization as opposed to, again being a Pulte flagged.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Steve. This is Richard. That’s exactly what we’re doing. As an organization, I think we’ve talked about the millennial study that we completed in 2015 which showed what we believe to be significant opportunity for a buyer that is probably in their early to mid 30s who hasn’t owned a home before. So they’re called a first-time buyer, but they’re spending $300,000 to $400,000 on urban townhome product. So, overall our categorization that Bob described, we think more accurately depicts how we’re attempting to serve the business, because those buyers will be captured in that first time category. And we are investing in several of our major cities in that buyer category, and that’s part of the contributing change in ASP that you see in our backlog and in our continued guidance going forward. That’s a part of the Pulte story here.
Richard Dugas: Nishu, this is Richard. Just a couple of comments. To be clear, our 13% sign-up growth was driven by 4% community count growth and 9% improvement in absorption rates on like stores. So we are very pleased with that and before I answer to your question, I just want to point out that we believe that underlying strength and absorption rate is primarily driven by excellent land positions, and we’ve been talking for several years how we believe we’re doing an excellent job of positioning our communities, not just growing for growth sake. Having said that, with regard to our 2016, two things, number one, we’re going to have nice community count growth this year, but it will be a little less in Q1 and Q2 as Bob indicated and then more in Q3 and Q4, although strong, really all four quarters. So that factor, we would expect absorption rates in Q1 to be impacted there. But probably more notably, as we work to integrate the Wieland business, that business is typically a higher price point, slower absorption model, and that as we integrate, it will impact our results, particularly earlier in the year. So just try to make sure that everyone’s expectations factor that into their overall model. So we’re very pleased with the way the trends are playing out for 2016, particularly as it relates to earnings growth overall, but those factors will play in.
Richard Dugas: Yes, that’s a great question. And essentially if you think about it, we’ve got a lag between when we incur cost and expense it. And we’ve had the benefit over the last few years of the debt paydown. That obviously is mitigated in most recent year, if you look at our current full year 2015 our cash interest expense was about $128 million, the expense that we’ve recognize through the income statement was $138 million. So they’re getting closer together. So there will be a much smaller Delta, I think in absolute terms we were $57 million benefit for interest in 2015. That number will be smaller in 2016. And again reflective of the fact that basically where costing off what we’re expensing.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Mike, I think you summarized it well. There is about 70 basis points of detriment that we expect in 2016 from the Wieland acquisition. And then if you look at it, the margin profiles business thinking about it from consumer groups is, as has been the case for years, the most, the highest margin is going to be our active adult. Interestingly when you look at it, the first time business actually enjoys very high margins for two reasons. One, that millennial business that we talked about is a very strong margin business for us. And for the historical Centex business, since we haven’t been investing many of the lots that were running through now are older so they enjoyed strong margins. And then that move up business which is where we’ve done most of our investment over the last three or four years, still enjoying very good margins, but because of the higher land cost and labor costs that we are seeing, is today of the three, although still strong, the lower margin business. And so the mix shift towards that has implications to our composite margin. So 70 basis points from Wieland, mix shift and labor cost, probably the biggest driver of margin otherwise in 2015.
Richard Dugas: We actually are – instead of targeting dollars, we are putting trying to get things more aligned with industry and say, okay relative to sales this is what we think. So we think 10%. Obviously the seasonality of the business with lower closings in the first half of the year, higher closings you can and should expect to see be a richer number being higher than 10% in the first couple of quarters and lower much like we did in the fourth quarter of this year. You know, certainly there will be some integration cost associated with Wieland that we would expect overtime to be able to narrow out of the business. But the 10% that we had projected for 2016 is inclusive of that.
Richard Dugas: John. This is Richard. And little color also. The 10% guidance Bob provided, when you factor in the construction reversal impact in the 2015 number, you can see that we’re getting substantial leverage in 2016 as we expect to grow.
Richard Dugas: So finished spec at the end of the year was 471 units which is actually down about 2% from prior year. We started that spec really in the third quarter, so they weren’t finished at the end of year. So you’ll see that come through in our first quarter and second quarter results. But totals spec we talked about, at about 30% of our starts compared to 24% historically. So it’s not a big change, and I think what you can and should expect to do is manage against not letting finished specs get really heavy.
Richard Dugas: And Megan I think you highlighted – this is Richard, I think you highlighted it inappropriately. We are anticipating growth in earnings and certainly in volume this year and that provides leverage overall. So we’re not giving any SG&A dollar number but we do expect to leverage our overheads and you are right with your guidance or your commentary if you will on that.
Richard Dugas: And Mike this is Richard. I think it’s worth noting that we are extremely pleased with our margin projection for 2016. When you factor in the known headwinds from a new acquisition. We are pretty pleased with how margins are holding up when you combine that with what we expect to be good SG&A leverage and strong growth. Our operating margins we continue to be very pleased with. So yes there are certainly some anticipated core declines from higher input cost that Bob mentioned, but our relative basis we like our margin position a lot.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Mike, we haven’t given anything beyond 2016. I would tell you, we see opportunities to reduce costs and enhance cases to drive higher returns and that's what we're going to work towards. When we get to 2017, we’ll share what our total margins are and to the extent that, it's relevant we’ll share what the impact of Wieland this season.
Richard Dugas: Steve it’s a great question. Let me first confirm your comment that all acquisitions are looked at through the lands and we’re pleased with the economics of the deal overall and as Bob mentioned the ability to put some Pulte efficiency if you will and to what we saw there. And a part of that, you might have noted in our script, we’re intending to take some Wieland assets and put Pulte product on it to help accelerate absorptions and drive returns. So we feel really great about that. Beyond that, this particular transaction had significant brand value in our mind. For buyers in the Southeast, the John Wieland named commands a premium. And when you factor that into the strategic pricing programs, the focus on option revenue and lot premium revenue, it's a really nice fit into the way we've been driving margins in the business. And we feel like it's a real consistent approach toward driving high returns. So the brand value there is exciting, and candidly, even the value of the Wieland name from an entitlement standpoint, we feel very good about going forward. We want to grow our business in the Southeast, and the Wieland reputation is excited and allowing us to get into some of these core infill locations, millennial locations. So a very, very strong recognized consumer brand in the Southeast that gives us opportunity along with the strong land positions. And then potentially, lastly, I’ll mention the Southeast, Steve, we like vis-a-vis some other markets, we think the Southeast is not overheated. We think the Southeast has got a lot of runway in front of it. And complimentary assets that are not cannibalizing anything else we felt good about. And then just on your last point, we continue to stay actively looking at any transaction come that our way. We’ve been very, very disciplined to make sure the economics work.
Richard Dugas: Susan, I don’t think we’re seeing a real easing. I think we’re getting a little bit better at managing through it by not being quite as tight with our spec inventory change if you will. We give ourselves a few more targets to shoot at each quarter to account for any up and downs that may occur in the market. But labor continues to be tight. There’s not a lot of new labor that’s flowing into the space. So I do think the industry and that’s particularly we are getting a little better at managing through it. But it’s going to be with us for a while.
Richard Dugas: Susan, this is Richard. I would never say we’re done in that regard. We certainly taken a lot of price in the last few years, and I would say, the low hanging fruits have been picked overall, but that’s a big focus for us as an organization. And every new job, we open we tend to push, it’s actually been extremely pleasing to us that we’ve been able to continue to make progress quarter-over-quarter there. So, no specific guidance there, clearly there is headwinds from higher cost land and labor pressure as Bob talked about influencing but that helps us to mitigate it. I can’t really give you much more detail though in terms of what we expect there. We’ll have to see how the quarters play out.
Richard Dugas: Jack, we are watching it very carefully, candidly we haven’t seen the impact yet. And it is interesting to kind of understand that, but I would say it’s really too early for 2016. Now spring selling season kicks off, typically Super Bowl will get a good read on it. But look we can only say we like what we see so far. So we are optimistic, you factor in the combination of low supply in the space in general still five months supply plus or minus, low rates, a jobs picture that I would say is good not great, yes, there is some macro volatility, but so far we like what we are seeing.
Richard Dugas: Yes, we still believe its earnings and cash flow accretive the year one. It is return accretive year two. That was the comment that we made today. So, yes, we’ve laid out significant cash position and we’ve talked about. We need to start up some of these activities that we think drive higher paces and margin and it will take us some time. So we think it becomes accretive in year two.
Richard Dugas: That is a good question, this is Richard. The flagship communities if you will, we have really maximized the opportunity there some time ago. So those are kind of our steady run rate basis. The newer Del Webbs that we bring on though, typically are closer to the core center 500 to 1,000 lots, I would say overall better locations and we are really pleased with the results there. So the way I look at it Buck would be as active adult communities cycle over time for us to be concentrating on opportunities that are closer to city core vis-à-vis the larger kind of big cruise ship Del Webb operations of the past. Those are probably not going to happen again. Having said that, we are pleased with the absorption rates we continue to see. You are right, they are typically lagging the others, but not by much. And we love the financial performance of those communities with strong margins and good returns.
Richard Dugas: Buck it was pretty broad based, strong, candidly some of that’s given community count changes, for us overall. But we like our position, our northern California operation, as an example has fantastic land positions, we are continuing to show strength. We’ve got a relatively small business up in Washington, but it’s getting better. And Phoenix is doing quite well for us. So we have a big position in Phoenix and we have an excellent team in Phoenix and they do a great job. We’re driving quite a bit of volume at very good margins there.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Stephen. To the first question is – that is Q4 data, not full-year. And to the second question, we actually have, what we call targeted consumer groups and so it’s based on the type of product we’re building and the location of it, that tells us who the buyer groups are. And so, the first time designation is just an aggregation of the targeted consumer groups that serve people that are buying, their homes first time as opposed to move up.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: And John and everyone else, just to remind everyone, the reason that we’re increasing our spec production a little bit is to help us with the quarterly cadence of closing, not trying to run quite as tight as we were with pre-sold inventory, and we think that’s going to help us moving forward.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Certainly, Alan, we factored that into our guidance. As we put together our plans for the year, people knew what they were going to try and start in terms of spec. In terms of actual performance, I would tell you that, recent activity we would tell you that there is a very consistent with historical trend where you are, your dirt sales have the higher margins, we’ve actually seen that people are contracting before framing that the margins hold up and stay consistent, and then we have a couple of 100 basis points of degradation on spec that is finished. So again, I think one of the things we’re really focused on is, let’s not get that finished spec to be a big drag on our margins going forward.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Megan, there is volatility typically quarter-to-quarter. But I would point out, this is a third or fourth quarter out of the last maybe four or five that we had improved absorption paces. So I believe that’s a factor. I would also say that as our commonly managed floor plans continue to grow as a component of our total, those are very well designed and frankly sell better than the non-commonly managed floor plans, so that’s a factor. But I would continue to highlight that well place land, we’re focused on quality of land, not just quantity of land is the primary driver in my opinion. These will – maybe what some others in the industry have talked about.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Well, it’s interesting, Megan, a big driver of the community count growth is Wieland. And so we opened 200 communities this year and will open some number similar to that next year. So there really isn’t a significant driver there. It’s in terms of community count growth a lot of it is going to be Wieland that we get one big chunk.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Well, honestly, we will as the year goes on share what the breakdown is by consumer group. I don’t know that we would want to give quarterly forward guidance that would be community specific Mike. So I think there certainly continues to be a mix shift we’ve invested largely in that move up category. So you will see that continue to play out.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: But the ability to give that to labor markets, the cadence and a consistent view that says – we’ve got the following work, we’re going to keep our crews busy, we’re not pulled off – on off the sites. We think we’ll have real benefit in terms of our ability to produce timely.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Jay, we’re not given specific guidance on ASP, overall you can kind of see what’s happening in our backlog and project out the next quarter or two in terms of what’s happening with overall ASP. I would point out that Wieland in total will make a modest percentage of the company’s total. So when you factor a portion of that, only a portion of that being Pulte, that specific impact is probably not significant on our overall ASPs. And later in the year can [indiscernible] by the time you actually launch the new product, get the community open, start building houses, that doesn’t happen overnight Jay.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: I think you have seen from us over the last two years that it is roughly 50/50. And that is probably not out of the range of reasonable.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, so to your first question that $1.6 billion that we highlighted was just land acquisition. We will obviously have development spend on top of that. In terms of where we are spending that money, we are still agnostic. Over time we’ve told folks go find the best deals, what that has yielded over the last few years is mostly move-up and that millennial core business that we’ve talked about. I don’t see anything at the moment that tells me it’s going to be anything different in the future, but certainly as and when for instance if that true entry level buyer becomes more robust in terms of paces and the returns make sense we’ve always talked about a willingness and desire to do that. And then to your last point on net debt, 30% to 30.5% at the end of the year. We are very comfortable with that. We have laid out a target range of 30% to 40%. So, yes, very comfortable with our balance sheet position and liquidity. So we’ve got plenty of choice candidly we’ve increased the dividend starting here in the first quarter. We didn’t get to do any share repurchases during the quarter, but you can expect to see us do some of that going forward, and obviously we think we can do that all in the context of the land spend that we outlined.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: And with respect to all the rules, again I think we’ve got the best team in the business. They think about change long in advance sort of problematically, systematically. So I don’t see it being an impediment and I know they’ll say, gosh, a lot of hard work behind that, but they’ve got a very clear calendar of the things that are coming at us. Think about strategically so again, I don’t want to make it sound easy, but the TRID, that affected this fourth quarter, it really did not impact our closings and that’s testaments of the work they do that from…
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes Jack what we really are trying to say is we are really paying attention to managing the risk side of the land component. The fact that we’re having to develop 70% plus is just a factor of the way the land comes to us in the market, but that doesn’t mean we can’t break those takes into two or three or four takes with options to mitigate risk. And we want to highlight that on Wieland candidly because some of the reports I saw showed people talking about buying eight years, or ten years or 12 years worth of land and we expect to recoup all of our capital in less than four years on that deal. So we’re very, very focused on mitigating risk from that perspective. So in terms of option percentage, I would hope that we can continue to drive that forward the market will take that but agnostic to options or development or not the key is we’re managing risk very differently than we did in the past. Buying 10 or 12 years worth of land at one time is very, very rare event today for the company and will continue to be going forward.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes and just to clear, it’s really not a margin management exercise, to Richard’s point it’s what comes to us in the market and we underwrite transactions against returns not against margins. So they may drive higher margins, at some point in time, but we are really focused on what the characteristics of the return obviously we have to hold the land for too long that doesn’t seems much good.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: I’m sorry, just the first and the only comment I wanted to make to that is our spec strategy is going to help there. We shifted starting in late Q3 into Q4 building a few more homes on spec, in order to give us an opportunity sort of mitigate some of that decline. Having said that, it’s going to be a gradual process of as Bob indicated on one of the questions earlier, more even production cadence giving the contractors better visibility into what’s coming at them. Overall we think that’s the primary vehicle that we are going to use to help. Clearly, we are paying market rate, Bob indicated that we’re going to expect a little bit of cost inflation this year on the labor side and that’s to be expected. So those are the primary areas, Ryan.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Well, what they like, we already have quite a few lots in front of them, they like visibility into the production side. So, yes, to the extent that we can build on a more even cadence sprinkling and specking inventory as we have, that’s more predictable for them allowing then to keep the cruise dedicated to our jobs.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Mike, we didn’t give any specific commentary on that. We just wanted people to appreciate the fact that absorption rates are going to be slowed by the impact of all these new Wieland communities and their typical model of, say selling one or two a month in each community versus three or four in typical Pulte community. How many – exactly what that impact is overall on absorption rates is hard to tell. We just wanted people to factor that in. We don’t forecast overall sales as you know. We just wanted you to keep that in mind in your models.
