Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Haendel this is Richard. There's quite a few questions there. In general, labor is the primary culprit of our lower conversion. No, we're not happy about it, overall, it's clearly impacting our production. In general, we're having to pay more for labor, and we're beginning to work hard to try to source additional trades, either taking trades from some markets that have capacity to other markets, or look for additional trades in markets beyond the ones that we've been using. Having said that, it's going to be a slower process to correct than we had anticipated, which is one of the reasons why our conversion was weak this quarter. Having said that, we are not offering incentives to buyers to extend their closing. We're doing our best to estimate proper closing times when they sign contracts, so we have not had issues in that regard. And then finally, we are beginning to start a little bit more spec inventory at this time of year in order for additional deliveries to be available for us in the early part and middle part of 2016, in order to help even our production flow out, so we're not quite as spiked toward Q3 and Q4 like we have been. That's going to take some time to implement, but that's as many broad pieces of the issue as I can get to.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yes, Steve, there has been absolutely no change to be clear. Our absorption strength, we believe, is driven by good land locations and sticking to our discipline of driving as much price as we can, particularly in a constrained environment, where we're having difficulty getting homes delivered. With regard to increased spec, I want to be crystal clear. It's a modest increase in spec, and it's, frankly, timed when the spec inventory would be available during the strength of the selling season, which we would say would start, call it, late January through May or June. It's not sort of a broad brush change in strategy. But with only 17 of our homes in production being spec, we have cut it pretty far back, and we think there's an opportunity to potentially modestly even the flow of deliveries in the future, which will help reduce the dependence on this kind of maddening Q3 and Q4 spike at the end of the year. But no change in terms of policies with regard to discounting and/or driving absorptions over price. It's still a focus on return. We obviously balance both, but I will say, as evidenced by Bob's comments, this is the umpteenth quarter in a row that option – margin – excuse me – option dollar contributions and lot premiums are up, and that's not by accident.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: John, this is Richard. The Journal had an article a couple of weeks ago that referenced this. It is definitely widespread. There's no question about it. There's not a market in the country that we're not experiencing some degree of labor shortage pressure. So, yes, it's definitely more than just Texas and Colorado.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: The higher end in Houston, to be more specific. I think, as we indicated, Dallas had a good quarter. Houston and San Antonio effectively offset that to give us that negative 5% comp; so, candidly, it doesn't feel a lot different than it has for most of the year with some oil related softening at the higher end, and Houston being the primary driver of Texas weakness.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: So, Alan, this is Richard. First of all, we will be giving community count guidance on the Q4 call, as we traditionally do. It gives us a little better window as we get to our planning season right now, as we put our business plan together for 2016. Having said that, we certainly expect growth in the future years. The investment ramp-up that you're seeing is definitely having an impact. I will point out that we specifically, in our script, emphasized our future earnings potential, and we also talked about volume potential, but we're really focused on driving earnings and return, over time. So, my point is that dollars spent, depending on where they are spent, don't create lots equally. And, frankly, as an example, for investing in the Southeast or Texas, we're getting quite a few more lots than if we're in Northern California, and we had been reasonably balanced with our overall investment. So, that's why community count to us is only partially the indicator, and why we're emphasizing absorption rates for community. Having said all that, Alan, we do expect growth in the out-years, from here. I'm not in a position to tell you how much that is, but we haven't been ramping up our investment spend to stay flat.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, I don't think there is much of a margin impact based on delays. We have not heard, I've been talking to our operators frequently, of incentives or any offerings to consumers. I think we're doing a good job of setting expectations when we sign a contract that, as an example, instead of a home being delivered five months out, it may be seven months or eight months out based on where we slot in the production cycle. So, that, in and of itself, I don't think has much impact on margin. Now, again, we're not providing forward margin guidance beyond what Bob's prepared remarks said about Q4, which we expect to be approximately where we are in Q3.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Mike, this is Richard. I have a couple thoughts in that regard. First of all, we're not going to give specific margin targets for next year. I would suspect that most of our margin performance will be driven by whatever costs are coming through the pipeline with regard to land and house. And, obviously, offset by whatever the revenue side is from a selling environment. The reason I point that out, is we do not intend to kind of change our strategy with regard to our focus. You pointed out the declining focus on entry-level. I'll just point out that the first-time buyer, as reflected in some of these urban projects, we are ramping up some investment in overall. But it's really going to be largely dependent on what happens when we get into the spring selling season, in terms of what kind of margins we deliver next year, along with the land costs coming through. And just lastly, I will tell you that our Centex margins continue to be strong, even though we're driving a combination of pace and price there. So, again, I apologize for not providing details for you in terms of guidance going forward. I think the most relevant thing you can take away is, we're not intending to change our strategy.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah. So, on Q3 margins, obviously mix matters, Mike. The margins were in line with what we expected. The relative mix of it moved it a little bit. But, we don't have complete vision of what our margins are going to be. So, when we said 23.3%-ish (34:23) that is reflective of what we saw actually in the third quarter. On interest expense, no commentary yet on next year. Although, our cash spend has been less than what we're expensing, so you can expect it to go down more. We'll give some color on that towards the end of the year. But, as a percentage of sales, you'd have to look at what your model projects for volumes.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, Matt (35:27), we indicated in our prepared remarks, it was primarily labor, but there was also some community delays, primarily from earlier in the year, that impacted our ability to get homes begun on time, and then ultimately get closed on time, that had a portion of it. So, the way to read it is, the majority was labor, some of it was community opening delays, and I think Bob indicated in his prepared remarks, some of that was driven by weather from earlier in the year that got us started slower than expected, and we were not able to make up as much ground as we anticipated. But the majority of it was labor.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, this is Richard. I can speak to a couple pieces there. We just began the break-out of first-time move-up in active adult last quarter. So, we don't have a huge amount of historical data at our fingertips. Perhaps, we could get back to you later with some detail, if we can find it there. In terms of the demand characteristics for each category, both the first-time category, as well as the move-up category, had strong absorption growth for the quarter. I don't have at my fingertips the exact numbers. And then active adult was relatively flat, it was actually slightly down on a same-store sales basis, from prior. But the other two categories were up fairly strongly.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Through the quarter, Haendel, if I'm understanding your question, through the quarter, we were relatively sort of normal seasonality there. Didn't see a tremendous amount of variation through the quarter. So, if you are asking sort of sequentially, there was nothing unusual there. We didn't see one month in the quarter spike. In terms of San Antonio, did you ask specifically? We had some weakness in San Antonio, along with Houston, kind of offset by Dallas. It wasn't anything dramatic, but the net combine there had us down 5% in Texas.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Candidly, I don't have much more because it, frankly, wasn't a big move, one way or another. So, we didn't get real granular on that one. So, we could certainly look for that after the call, if we want to get back to you. But there was nothing unusual driving things in San Antonio. It wasn't a gigantic drop.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, I think what we were saying was not that it was better than that, but we'd be moving towards it, and that we would seek to catch up on the difference for what we've left on the table, to this point this year, through the first half of next year. And you're right. The last two years or three years, we've been 66%, 67%. And so, that is something that we will look to get towards, but I wouldn't say we told you we were going to beat it.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: No. The sales environment continues to be strong and, frankly, the level of inventory out there continues to be modest. So, those would both indicate not significant cancellation worries, and we certainly are not seeing a spike.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Bob, this is Richard. It's reflective of a couple things. One is just the shifting mix from the prior investments that we've made in the Pulte category, the move-up category, primarily, which would have been our 2014 and early 2015 investments beginning to sort of come through. And then secondly, obviously, the pricing environment. In terms of its overall impact on margins and profitability, again, we're not trying to give any projections for 2016, but ASPs matter. I'll just point out, it's one quarter, and we have to see what ASPs develop like, say, in Q4, as it reflects into our next year's backlog, et cetera. But it was a pretty significant move, you're right.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Steve, this is Richard. I'll offer three or four different pieces, there. First of all, roughly a third of our total lot count is still tied up in Del Webb positions, many of which are long-lived positions, and that trend is going to take years to modify. There's only so much we can drive out of each existing Del Webb position. So, when you look at our overall balance of land, you have to factor that in as a significant chunk, makes our matrix look a little different than others. Secondly, Bob pointed out in the prepared remarks that we are skewing our land investment towards the shorter end, and most of our new land investment communities are roughly around 100 homes each, so at any kind of a normalized absorption pace, that's no more than a couple of year's worth in each land position. So, while our land spend is certainly up, the characterization of it or the mix of it is significantly different than Pulte's habits in the past of investing in very large transactions with long trajectories of six years, seven years, eight years at a time. So, the total health of our balance sheet as it relates to land, frankly, continues to get better and better. And then thirdly, we continue to be very disciplined with regard to the way we're allocating capital, and our risk adjusted return criteria, we believe, is keeping us in check, as evidenced by the fact that our margins haven't fallen 200 basis points or 300 basis points or 400 basis points, which would be indicative, potentially, of reaching. So, we are trying to grow the business. We feel good about sort of the long-term potential for housing over the next few years. But, we are paying attention, and we've seen nothing yet to suggest that over the next, two years, three years, four years, we should be worried, but just to keep our bets safe, we're investing the majority of things in shorter positions. And then finally, I'd just point out that roughly 60% of our total spend in the quarter was development. Only about 40% is new acquisition dollars. So, for what it's worth, that's investing to bring lots on where we already have invested.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Steve, to be clear, we're focused really on the first-time buyer, as opposed to the entry-level buyer.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And there's a difference. The first-time buyer is typically – we're seeing a $300,000 to $400,000 urban product serve them. And I'm not hearing or seeing differences in labor challenges there versus any other segment. I just want to comment on your point, too, around land spend. We hear you that we have a large land bank. And I guess the point I'm trying to make is that you can only get so much out of existing communities that have large lot positions, but the total dollars that we have invested in the business are going into shorter and shorter positions, which we feel like is a really good risk mitigation tool and is far different than our prior behavior. So, you have to dig beneath the numbers to really appreciate the way we're running the business. And frankly, we can't be focused on returns so aggressively and not pay a lot of attention to the balance sheet. So, we hear your concern and I want you to know we are paying attention to that a lot.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Susan, I would say, if anything, the commonly managed plans give us an advantage in two regards. One is our absorption pace. The commonly managed plans are all consumer tested. We have a warehouse facility here in Atlanta that we bring buyers through to test all of our plans before we put them out into the field, and I think our absorption rates per community are being helped by designs, candidly, that our consumers tell us they really like. And then specifically, we believe it's helping to hold up our margins. That, along with the pricing data that Bob gave are the two components that we feel are helpful, so those are the benefits from commonly managed plans, and we're really pleased that it's this big a portion of our total production.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Well, certainly for us, I would tell you we were ready for it. We have loans in production under the new process. Actually some of them are slated to close in October. I think it's too soon to tell from an industry perspective. I'm hearing that people were generally ready, smaller mortgage lenders might be having a little bit more systemic issues with it, and so time will tell. But we haven't seen it as an impediment to this point. So, so far, so good.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Nishu, I'll say it this way. I understand people's concern about it, overall. I can simply tell you that, given our visibility into our backlog, we have not yet seen it manifest itself in terms of significant pressure. Given our Q4 closings that are upcoming, as we've indicated, we expect margins, frankly, to be about what they are in Q3, which is a very robust level. Again, I won't comment on margins going forward. We don't have enough visibility to really do that. We'll try to give you as much as we can each quarter regarding kind of the next quarter, overall. So, I certainly understand it, but I do think that the normal tendency in this industry that I've seen in my time, has been for us to be able to get price generally to offset costs. I can't guarantee that that's the case going forward, but that would be an expectation that would be reasonable based on what we've seen throughout the industry. I do think that there is an acute shortage of some trades today that have not come back as quickly into this business after the last downturn, and I think it's been elongated more than many, including us, in the industry would have expected. Having said that, we'll work our way through it, and live to fight another day, so to speak.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And Ken, this is Richard. Just to add one other quick thing. Higher relative to what others may be doing with their business. To Bob's point, our business model is such that we believe the commonly managed plans, the pricing, et cetera, help us to stay at the high end. We are obviously subject to market conditions. We're subject to labor pressure. We are paying more for labor than we have. But on a relative basis, we continue to outperform on the margin line, we think, because of all the pieces that Bob ran through.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, as we highlighted, we like leverage between 30% and 40%. We were underlevered coming into this quarter, obviously, you saw we borrowed some money late in the third quarter, and you'll see in the Q that we actually were borrowed on our revolver at a point in time during the quarter. So, most of liquidity that we had we spent during the quarter. Obviously, as closings start to ramp up and with the borrowings, we ended the quarter with a fairly sizable cash position, but we're working with that too. So, we highlight that we have a pretty big spend on land and development in the fourth quarter, roughly $800 million. We've talked about the dividend, we've obviously been buying back stock. So, we're looking out over the next 12 months and looking at the capital profile, and we like where we sit today, at 30% or 31% debt-to-cap. So, it's not as much about managing what's the dollars that we want to keep in the bank, because those move every day. It's how do we keep liquidity sufficient to do the things we want to do. And our capital market activity will help to drive that, offset, obviously, by closings.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Okay. Can you repeat your question? We'll start all over again. I apologize to everybody else on the line.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, Buck, this is Richard. The active adult buyer is obviously continuing to read sort of the broader signals overall, and they typically do lag more than the other categories. Having said that, we did close out several positions in the Southeast part of the country that were Del Webb, that probably had as much to do with it as anything.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: I don't think we did. Although, I indicated that both the first-time category, as well as the move-up category, were up nicely, and then Webb was down some...
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: No. As we've talked about, we're typically staying closer into the core. We haven't seen a significant pullback there. It's still competitive for just about every position we look at, and we're not seeing a lot of returning.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: And it may be a different trade base, depending upon the geography that you're dealing with. It may be framers in one area, it may be masons in another, but you can find it across most of our major markets.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Alan, the only thing I'd add to that is, and it goes to the question of labor rates and pricing. We have seen, obviously, some pressure on that. So, the 1.5%-ish increase in house costs that we've said is probably likely a little bit higher this year, as a result of that. Offsetting that is a relatively benign commodity market. So, you can see it in our margins this quarter sequentially, being up 30 basis points. Now, there's interest benefit in that, but the homebuilding margin has stayed flat, and it's our expectation that, based on the backlog, we see that through the end of the year. So, it doesn't necessarily translate to margin compression, just because we've got time extension.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. So, actually, third quarter versus third quarter, it's 17.1% this year, it was 17.6% last year.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Bob, certainly the volume of the business impacts our ability to leverage our overheads, and as we've talked about before, because commissions don't flow through our SG&A, our SG&A is much more fixed than others might be. Certainly, we've got start-up and we've talked about the fact that, with all the community turnover this year, our start-up expenses are up. So I think, actually, about 25% of the increase year-over-year relates to community-related spend. But, certainly, we think that it is leveragable, because so much of it is fixed on a relative basis. And just to highlight, with the $6 million net benefit, if you exclude that, we were $165 million of spend for SG&A, and as we had said at the beginning of the year, we predict to be between $160 million and $165 million every quarter. So it was consistent with what we expected to spend.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, we'll provide some color going into the year of what we think our SG&A spend will be. And then, obviously, as Richard talked about, we've been investing to try and grow the top line. So, yeah, we think it's leveragable over time.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: And, Steve, just to put a finer point on that, it's raw land. So, the land we've been buying over the last couple of years, we are now developing, and so the spend is on bringing those lots to fruition.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, well, certainly, our margins, we think, are a factor or are impacted by lots of things. First of all, the land we're buying, the process we're using, the value creation efforts that we've talked about. So, you've seen lot premiums increasing, options increasing. Maintaining low discounts because we're not doing a lot of spec building. Clearly, things that will influence our margin going forward are; land prices are going up, so we'll have an increase there, and labor rates will change depending on different markets. So, I don't think you can point to any one thing, commonly managed plans or anything else, that says this is why margins are what they are. It's the way we're approaching the business and all those different things that we think will allow us, over time, to generate higher gross margins than we historically would have.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Jay, I don't know exactly what the closing profile is, but what we can tell you is that for the last couple of years, we've been between 15% and 20% spec starts. And what we've talked about for a couple of years now is we don't mind spec starts at all, because you don't see much margin degradation, as long as you sell it before it finals. The other thing I can tell you is we have very little spec final on the ground. We were at 340-ish units at the end of September, and that number has held pretty constant over time. So, again, we are not uncomfortable with spec. The margin differential isn't big, unless you have three or four of them on the ground at one point in time, in which case, oftentimes, you have to discount the homes.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, we've talked about it for a couple of years now, in terms of how we're looking at maturity profile. Obviously, we went short on this particular one. The rate is very attractive, the market was very supportive, and it happened to be at a point in time when the capital markets were a little bit unsteady. So, we really like the execution on the term loan that we did. Looking forward, obviously, a lot of it will depend on capital needs, timing of that. Obviously, the big maturity is the one that's next year. And that obviously factors into every or any decision that we're going to make over the next nine months before we get there. So, no firm commitment on how and when we'll deal with that, but it's sort of next in the queue.
