Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yes. So what we saw was that we – I'll give you the data again. On sign-up, we saw 8% decline at Pulte; 6% at Centex, 4% down at Del Webb, but our absorption paces; Pulte was down 8%, Centex was actually up 29% and Del Webb was up 7%, so absorption paces are up 4% overall. And I think that there's a couple of things happening there. Certainly the Texas market was very strong in the first quarter which is where we have a really – a larger percentage of Centex operations and so that 29% pace increase is reflective of the really strong market we saw in Texas. The Pulte market was influenced in part by Arizona where we saw a slowdown from what we saw as really, really strong results last year. And again, the highlight to us is that across the board the Del Webb product absorptions were increasing during the quarter, which is pretty consistent with what we've seen over the last couple of years that we've said that we think it's been a little bit slower back to market for them, but we saw nice demand out of them in the first quarter.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Just to clarify, year-over-year, the margin benefit from the reduced interest cost coming through cost of sales is 110 basis points. So that 580 basis points increase in total margin, 110 basis points is interest related.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yes, just for color more than half of our closings in the recent quarter are from newer vintage lands, so stuff that wouldn't have been impaired. And we actually like that land better. To Richard's point, the margins are a little bit, not dramatically so, but a little bit better and I would suggest that the land we're underwriting today, we will feel better about too.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: In terms of percentage, we've got some longer life assets in the Del Webb portfolio but we've been pretty actively selling things that we don't think would generate a return over time. There was another $5 million in this quarter, several hundred million dollars over the last two or three years. So it is a small percentage of our book of what you would describe as mothballed and non-returning assets.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: So at the end of the quarter we'll have $102 million reserve that's after reversing the 19 million. And actually we were able to negotiate a settlement with one significant investor which prompted us to look at this during the quarter and coupled with rising home prices, which certainly reduces the exposure on individual loans. The GSEs have indicated that they are largely through their book. We've seen a decline in the current year in the number of requests – a significant decline in the number of requests that we're receiving. So on balance we looked at it and felt comfortable to release the reserve. Like we've always said, we will look at it every quarter. If there are things that happened that merit adjusting the reserve, we'll do it. We'll explain it to you when it happens.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yes, we don't give commentary on margins by quarter. What we did indicate is the total expense for the year would be down about $50 million or $55 million from last year. It doesn't come in straight lined during the year, it comes in based on closing volumes. So you'll see a little bit more expense in margin quarters that have higher closing volumes. But again, call it 205-ish million we're thinking for the year in terms of total expense. And to Richard's comment earlier, the activity that we did in the first quarter of this year doesn't move the needle on current year interest. That would be out years.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Stephen, as we highlighted, it was – the largest driver of that was the Texas market where we happened to have a lot of Centex communities. I candidly haven't done it ex-Texas but I would suggest that it was up across the board but I don't know that percentage. We can probably get that for you. In terms of opening new communities, our investment in land has been – we've talked about 75%, 80% Pulte of the 9,700 lots we put under control in the first quarter, less than 10% of those were Centex lots. So I wouldn't expect a large flood of openings from us, because we just don't have the land to do that. As Richard highlighted, we think if we see whether it's in specific markets or more broadly, a move towards that buyer becoming more active, we think we can get on the lots pretty quickly.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: No. Again, we still feel comfortable 560 to 580. It's really the vagary of when does a particular community close, when does a particular community open. Again, this isn't a signal of something structurally different in our community count.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: We haven't commented on that historically and I would tell you we highlight that land costs are going up but I think that's true for everybody. What we have highlighted is that margin performance in fiscal '14 will be better than fiscal '13. You saw that in the first quarter. Our margin in Q2 was 18.8 to 20.9. Our backlog visibility would suggest margins closer than what we thought more recently. So I think you'll see improvement there. And Richard just highlighted pricing, so you can I guess backend into the lands done.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Adam, this is Richard. The recent debt refinancing won't impact margins until '15 and '16 and beyond given the way that we amortize interest overall. So we still like our margin trajectory. As we said, there is going to be quarter-to-quarter volatility from here, but we've been real pleased with what we've been able to do.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Ivy, this is Richard. A couple of thoughts. First of all, with regard to common plan management, we were at 30% of our deliveries in the end of Q1 from common plan management. That's up from 21% in Q4 and substantially below that earlier last year. We are well on track toward our goal of 40% by the end of this year and our long-term goal is 70%. So to answer that question, I would suggest that if anything we're at or slightly ahead of the pace that we projected to get to, so we feel very, very good about it and it's beneficial to the company. I'll answer the first part of the gross margin question and then throw it to Bob for more detail. Our gross margin efforts have been very, very focused on a combination of common plan management and strategic pricing actions that frankly along with mix are driving all of our margin benefit. In fact, margins on legacy land that has been around a while are in fact not benefiting from purchase accounting. They are actually a little bit of a drag on our margins overall relative to the land that we've underwritten the last four or five years. So, I would suggest for any of the bearers listening we're earning every single dollar of the gross margin improvement that we're getting. I'll just highlight again a couple of things Bob mentioned. Our discounts are extremely low and we are continuing to work those hard. Our option revenue is very high, a lot of premiums are very high and we're working on base house improvement through our common plan management work. So, purchase accounting doesn't have much to do with it. Maybe Bob can illuminate that a little more.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Let's remember that the purchase accounting didn't allow us to write land down to incredibly low levels. It was market levels at the time. So we did the right accounting but that's not what's causing our margin expansion.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Jack, frankly, G&A came in actually slightly better than our own internal projections and very consistent with the guidance Bob gave in Q4. So, we're making some investments in some IT systems that have been needed. Our common plan management zone infrastructure to help sustain these excellent margins we're posting, we're spending some money there. And there is less than a couple of million bucks in this quarter relative to the headquarters' relocation, so that wasn't a big driver. So again, while the dollar number is clearly higher than the last year, it's well within the guidance range, actually a little bit lower than Bob projected at Q4.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Mike, this is Richard. Commonly managed plans definitely have better margins than non-commonly managed plans. So we would expect some benefit from commonly managed plans increasing in the future. Two other points to make; as Bob rightly points out, some of the elements of common plan management such as value engineering and (indiscernible) costing which we've been doing for a while are already embedded in our non-commonly managed plans. So, there's a portion of that benefit that we're not waiting to get. But the biggest point that I'd like to make is that our commonly managed floor plans are better floor plans for the buyers and the absorption rates per home, the take rates from buyers on options and things like that are better, significantly better than our non-commonly managed plans. So, in addition to getting a cost benefit we're getting a revenue benefit. And the combination of those keeps us extremely bullish to push this initiative as fast as we can.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Mike, Richard again. Listen, it is impossible to predict absorption paces for a community. There is just so many multiple factors that impact things. I will tell you this. I really like the land that we're buying. As a company, the disciplined investment process that we have put in place three years ago now is really benefiting us and obviously we've been focused on return on invested capital more than growth, and I think you're seeing in our numbers some of the benefits of the good land we've been buying. We have really stayed away from any B or C locations. So, how does that translate to absorption paces per community? It's hard to predict. I'll tell you we're pleased with what we delivered in Q1.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: David, if I can just add a little color. This is Richard to that. We have a saying internally, stay the course and we've been staying the course and that's probably the most important thing we could do depending on market conditions is not kid ourselves about what's happening, as Bob indicated, and stick to our discipline. And I believe that's helped us continue to do the right thing with land transactions.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: David, number one, we're not going to underwrite transactions that don't meet our return criteria and the truth is we haven't found that many that meet our return criteria for the entry level recently. So our goal is to get ahead of it by ensuring we're challenging ourselves on what that buyer wants, how do we deliver tremendous supportability and if credit eases, be able to implement product very quickly that meets those demands. So we do have a strategy team internally that looks at future trends in each of the segments and we're working hard to understand the needs of millennials. Millennials are stretched with student loan debt. Obviously down payments are hard to come by, so I can't give you a lot of specificity on that but I will tell you we're not going to get caught flatfooted if credit eases and not have product and offerings ready to go. The goal is to stay ahead of it. The tough part is, is that going to be a year from now, two years from now, when does that buyer return more meaningfully? We don't know but the point was we'll be ready.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Nishu, I'd say it's a combination of those two things plus a very strong economy in Texas. Texas economy is adding jobs. Houston's the biggest housing market in the country now. I recently did a tour in March to all of our Texas markets and was amazed at the activity going on in all four of the major metro areas with just the overall economy. So I think a combination of strong economy, our legacy position there and an emergence of the entry level category there, but largely fueled because of the strong economy.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Nishu, there are very clearly focused on adding incremental resources to what we've already been pushing, so definitely not signaling anything new. But candidly we've had a very flat structure for the past four or five years and despite all the gains that we have made, we believe there is more to go there. And Harmon and Ryan are exceptional operators that have been very involved in all of the value creation work and delivered great results in their respective geographic areas. So we're bifurcating the roles, if you will, where Harmon can help us focus on pushing each of the field operations to drive out additional benefits and Ryan's role kind of overseeing our homebuilding operations, sales and marketing functions in the company will be derived around capability development to help us further enhance some of the things that we've been working on. So very much staying the course but more horsepower behind it, if you will.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Joel, this is Richard. We won't give any guidance on that but I'll tell you we don't have many specs, so we have a very healthy backlog, a very strong backlog and it's just a matter of getting those homes delivered but to add to that with incremental specs converting is not going to happen because we don't the specs. So, read into that what you will. We're very, very focused on a bill to order model and it's benefited us in many, many ways, so we're committed to that.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: …we think we have a long way to go to kind of push to where our vision is. And then those are kind of the primary responsibilities for Ryan. With regard to Harmon's role, again, very, very focused on having the field operations report to him and digging into all the opportunity areas that I've been able to dig into frankly over the past four years myself. But we still see lots of pockets of opportunity and my role has been fairly broad, and we need to get a little bit more incremental focus on some of the areas to take it to the next level. So all this signals is stay the course with additional very, very well respected and highly qualified individuals to lead these efforts. So relative to the long term – the past structure that the company has had, I don't think it's all that similar. We still have a very flat structure in the company and we're likely to keep it that way.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Steve, listen, we're not immune to the market vagrancies that happen around the country. So I don't want to imply that our business is not subject to the overall broader trends. I will tell you this, we have shattered some internal assumptions around what can be done in any different component of pricing and frankly cost. And so as a couple of folks prior to you on the call here have indicated, don't underestimate the impact of what the things that we're doing internally can do and we're continuing to work hard on those. So, I would suggest we do have an ability to drive efficiency in our business that's significantly greater than we have in the past. That will be offset some by headwinds. Bob indicated some numbers on pricing and labor costs and what have you that are up. But look, I like where we are. I tell our teams internally we should feel really good about where we are because we've earned our success. We haven't just relied on the market improvement that lifts land values to lift margins like we used to, quite frankly. So, feel good about that with some offset that makes us subject to market conditions. So hope that helps.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: See I caught that. So, listen, a couple of things. With regard to metering paces we are still metering paces in some markets. A good example would be Northern California which is red hot and a few other markets. I think directionally you're right. Probably we're not metering as much as we were but frankly we could have posted more sign-ups in the quarter had we wanted to kind of let it run. But where we already have a six or seven or even eight-month backlog that didn't seem to make a lot of sense for us given the way we're running the business. So, we feel like we're operating the right way. With regard to Del Webb, we're excited about what's happening in Del Webb. As Bob indicated, the overall focus for the company given how much land we have for Del Webb has been very, very positive and I do think that's a positive for us overall. However, I would just point out as Bob indicates, our overall margins are up a similar amount for each of the brands and the reason I highlight that is that's driven outside of market vagrancies. That's driven from common plan management, from focus on discount, from focus on lot premiums. I mean the numbers Bob gave you on options and lot premiums we're very proud of. Those were things we were not paying attention to like we should have four or five years ago. So, hope that helps overall.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: As Bob indicated, absorption paces were down. We were hit a little bit with weather conditions in the Midwest, in the Northeast where we have quite a bit of Pulte brand. But we were pleased with our overall efforts on the Pulte brand. I'm sorry, I don't have a specific number for you if we exclude Arizona.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Listen, I appreciate the suggestion. We are trying to do our best to give as much color as we can around that with so many different factors that move the needle, but point taken. We are clearly not relying just on land appreciation to drive our margins. There is a lot of internal effort that's going on there. So, Ken, we'll take that under consideration.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Well, I don't see a lot of excess inventory coming to the market in a lot of places. There was a fairly rapid and focused land grab, if you will, in Phoenix 24 months ago when that market started heating up and a lot of that supply is there today. When we talked to our operators around the system, we don't hear of a lot of inventory coming into the market in any specific market overall. Obviously, it's a function of demand versus supply. But I'm relatively comfortable that we're not going to see a lot of other markets with a lot of supply there. Ken, if I could just reiterate a comment I made a minute ago. Arizona is still a very good market for us. I know a lot of folks have written about the softness in Arizona, so to speak. But I'll go back to something I mentioned earlier on this call. We're buying the right kind of land in the right locations where buyers want to be. And I wouldn't suggest we're immune from the overall vagaries of that market, but we are posting exceptionally strong margins and good sales paces if not phenomenal sales paces like we were 24 months ago. So at least for our business, we're pretty happy with Arizona.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Dan, it's a good question and I'll remind everyone that our main focus is return on invested capital. Obviously, we're happy with our margin focus. But we'll handle it and be happy to underwrite a transaction with a 30% return and an 18% margin as an example. So, it depends on what happens with that category overall. It is a category, generally speaking, that has generally higher turn characteristics and lower margin characteristics. But given what Bob indicated in terms of the overall land investment that we have, I think our results for the next period that we can view are going to be largely driven by what's happening with Pulte and Del Webb. Centex, clearly, is having an impact overall, but I don't know that it will move the needle a whole lot one way or another in the short term.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yes, Eli, what we said was that the traffic levels are slightly down from what we saw in March and we said that's the normal seasonal trend where we typically see traffic peak in March and then trail off a little bit through the rest of the selling season. So we said – our comment was we are seeing a normal spring selling season unfold which leaves us optimistic for the balance of the year. That's what we said.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Great. Thank you very much. I know there is a lot of conference calls queued up this morning, so we're going to stick to our scheduled time. We're certainly available for any follow-up questions or emails. Thank you very much for your time on today's call and we'll look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
