Ryan Marshall: Thanks Bob. Before opening the call to questions there are two final topics that I want to quickly review. First, as one of the nation's largest home building companies, we recognize and accept the important responsibilities we have to continue advancing sound ESG policies. In today's world success is judged not just by what we do, but also considers how we do. As such, along with actively working to improve how we operate, we're advancing our associated environmental, social, and governance reporting. To that end, along with all of our other accomplishments, in the first quarter, we launched a new section of our website called Pulte Cares. In addition to housing information on our efforts to run a sustainable business that supports the communities we serve, the site also contains our reporting against the sustainability accounting standards board’s standards for our industry. This is the first year reporting against the SASB standards, and we look forward to showing our progress in future updates we'll be posting to the site. Finally, I would like to give a big shout out to the entire PulteGroup family for being ranked on the Fortune 100 list of Best Companies to work for. Since the founding of our company, we have viewed our culture as a critical and competitive advantage. The Fortune 100 list is built on an analysis conducted by the great place to work organization, which is based on employee surveys from thousands of companies. In our case, they surveyed 100% of our employees. To make the Fortune 100 list is an accomplishment, but to make it for the first time when we are operating in a global pandemic is clear and resounding statement about our people and the culture they have built inside of our organization. I truly could not be prouder of our company and specifically of our field leaders who do so much to support our people, and help them to be engaged, especially during these challenging times. My heartfelt thanks to all of you. Let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, really no change, Mike, in the makeup of that buyer group, the places they're coming from, and the things that they're asking for, I think largely remain the same as what we've experienced over the last, you know, four to five years.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Alan, good morning. It's Ryan, I appreciate the question. We are proud of the quarter and we're very excited about how the balance of the years is shaping up. We've been working hard on the production environment for the last, you know, two to three quarters, as we always do. But you know, certainly in this period of time, when we've got unprecedented demand, the production machine becomes more important than ever. We do believe that the size of our business, the way we run our business, the relationships that we've nurtured and fostered with our trade partners over the years are really paying dividends for us. And that's the, you know, Alan, that's the primary driver. This led us to, you know, the point where we can make the 25% plus increase in production in Q2, you know, moving to Q1 rather, and then moving to almost 10,000 units in Q2. So, we're very pleased with how the production machine is moving. It's not without its challenges, and Bob's highlighted some of those on the cost front. We're certainly seeing some challenges, you know, with certain commodities, windows, appliances, a few things like that. But, you know our procurement team has done just an outstanding job in managing some of those minor speed bumps in the road You know, last part of your question Alan about cycle time, we are seeing in certain markets, you know, some incremental days being added to the overall cycle time because of some of those supply chain constraints, but we believe we've factored all of those into the guide that we've given for not only Q2 closings, but also, you know Q2 start rates.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Alan, we're certainly concerned about the cost increases and that, you know, I think Bob's answer to the prior question highlighted that, you know, we've – it's part of the reason that we've moved our guide in terms of expectations on cost increases up, because, you know, things are getting more expensive. We are in certain consumer groups, most notably, in the lower price points, we are waiting to sell those homes later, starting them with specs, and we're waiting to sell those as they get later into the production cycle. You know, it's really allowing us to do two things, we're getting kind of current day sales price, and we've got better understanding on the delivery timing, and you know, what the cost of those homes are? The other thing I would add, Alan, it was a question that was part of your first question, and that's around our start rate, and whether or not you know, we're ramping up for more deliveries, and it's really about our spec inventory. We've historically run around 25% to 30% of our total production volume of spec, you heard in Bob’s prepared remarks that we're running at 12% today. And so part of the incremental start rate will be to rebuild that spec pipeline that we'd like to carry.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Mike, it's Ryan. Good morning. And where we typically see seasonality in Q2 is into the May and June part of Q2. April generally tends to be fairly in line with March. We've seen, as I highlighted in my prepared remarks, we've seen the first three weeks of April continue in a very strong fashion. So, you know, time will tell what kind of seasonal adjustment we see in May and June.  We're not giving any kind of a forecast on that. I think you've heard from us and a number of other builders that have recently reported that demand is really strong, and we've had to limit sales in nearly every community, either via lot release or price increases or in most cases, both.  So you know, we'll have to see how the, you know, the back two months of the quarter play out when you take into consideration unprecedented demand, along with, you know, what's been a historical or slightly seasonal fall off. But you know, all things, all other things being equal, Mike, the business environment right now, is incredibly strong for a number of reasons. And you know, it's a good time to be a homebuilder.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Mike, thanks for the question. You know, we haven't given any kind of a guide for forward, you know, periods beyond what we've done in 2021. You know, as your question about structural changes in the business, I think we have made some real structural businesses, structural changes in the way that we operate our business. We've talked a lot about those, and we talked a lot about them in this current, you know, in this current release.  You know, I would, you know, continue to reiterate and remind everybody that we are running a business that's focused on generating return. That's what we believe creates value for our shareholders. So while the gross margins are nice, and we're certainly enjoying a very rich margin right now, that's not the number one or the only thing that we focus on when we're managing land investment, when we're managing risk, when we're managing capital allocation in a way that allows us to not only grow our business, but to take that excess cash that's being generated by the business, and we're returning that to shareholders. And I think what you're getting out of that story, Mike is a, you know, a very attractive return on equity profile that, you know, we're proud of, and I think our shareholders are very happy to have.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Truman, it's a good question. One of the things that – and we just, we looked at, I looked at it yesterday that the traffic, foot traffic through the door of our doors of our Del Webb communities continues to be very strong through the first three weeks of April. So, you know, we're very pleased with that. We like the way that that brand is operating right now, you know, over the last kind of 5 years to 7 years, we've made some shifts in the way that we build those communities, the way that we monetize them, and the way that we create the lifestyle. And, you know, as I think most of you appreciate, the most important thing with our Del Webb brand is the lifestyle that we offer, the home is almost secondary. In this post COVID environment, I think what we're seeing is consumers really value the ability for outdoor lifestyle type activities and events that allow you to be connected with other people, but still maintain some level of, kind of social distance. And the web communities offer that and so, you know, we made reference to the fact that after a year of being kind of locked inside that fire group is ready to kind of get on with life and get on with retirement. And so, you know, we're happy with that. The other thing, you know, that I'd highlight Truman that's an important part of our story and our diversified consumer offering is, we've got a big move up business, and that move up business remains very strong. And so that, you know, typically what happens is that active adult buyer, when they're selling their home, it's going to a move up buyer, which allows them to go do a lot of things and gives them great flexibility moving into the Del Webb community. So, you know, the tight supply environment on the resale side of the business, I think is a very good forward indicator of how strong the Del Webb business continue to be.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Truman so, you know, we’ve got, we're down to about six, five or six of those really large battleship Del Webb communities. There's a good land pipeline in all of those communities, and we are seeing very high absorption rates out of those legacy communities. You know, we've said, for a long time that, you know, if the market came back in such a way we could let the volume in those communities run a little more wide open given the land runway, and we're certainly doing that right now. It's a smaller percentage of the overall business. So, you know, while it moves, the needle is not going to move the needle as much as maybe what it once would have.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. So Steven, we're very pleased with the ICG acquisition. We highlighted that, you know, on our Q1 or our Q4 call last quarter. You know, it highlights that the, you know, the business that we bought really only impacts our Jacksonville kind of North Florida business. And so, it's pretty small in terms of the overall impact of the company, but it has had a meaningful impact on our Jacksonville business. And so, we like kind of the fruits of what, you know, the fruits that we're getting off of that tree, I think are, you know, really good. And it's part of the reason that we're excited about, you know, getting close to announcing the location of the second plant. We've got, you know, we're down to, kind of a final couple of sites that will be the location for that. And you know, in short order, we'll be able to make a bigger announcement on that. And it's all part of, kind of the vision and the strategy that we had for ICG. And how do we see that playing out for our business over the next, you know, six to eight years, and we think there's a lot of benefits that will be generated for this company based on that platform.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Matt, good morning. I appreciate the comment. And really, you know, what we believe has happened, and so what we know has happened inside of our own company, and what we believe has happened inside of the industry is there is a better balance of risk that's being taken onto the company's balance sheet. And most notably, a more disciplined approach to capital allocation. If you go back a decade, 15 years in this industry, you know, it was very boom and bust all of the free cash flow in an upcycle was put into land. And then that land was harvested over the, you know, the following years. And sometimes you got caught in a cycle with the capital allocation philosophy that you're seeing from Pulte, and I think you're seeing elements of it from the entire industry. There's less owned land on the balance sheet, there's more options, there's more free cash being generated. Dividends are being paid, there is share repurchase programs in place, there's less debt. All of those things, I think warrant a, you know, a much different, kind of look from the investment community that I think how the industry has historically been viewed.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Carl. Good morning. Good to good to hear from you this morning. Certainly the increase in the business that we have guided to for 2021 has, you know, given us the opportunity to close out of some communities a little earlier than we expected. If you went back to the guide that we had previously given, we had indicated that our community count guide was going to be down in the 5% range. We'd update that today to suggest that on a quarter-over-quarter basis, this quarter this year versus the same quarter last year, our expectation is that we'll be down 5% to 10% for the balance of the year. So, for the second, third, and fourth quarter that would be our guide. We have not given any kind of indications on 2022 at this point.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, good morning. I think I understand most of the question. And you know, the makeup of our communities are largely the same over the last three or so years other than our big Del Webb communities. Our average community count size is about 130 lots. So, we don't have you know, other than a few of the legacy large Del Webb communities, we don't have, you know massive communities where you can really choose the absorption rate. And then, you know, in terms of community count, the only other part of the question that I would offer there is that, you know we have been very aggressive in the amount of incremental land spend that we're putting into the business, as we, you know, rebuild the land pipeline for 2022 and beyond. The only other thing that, you know is probably worth highlighting in terms of absorption paces is the mix shift of our business into entry level. And Bob highlighted on the prior question that we are seeing some of a shift from move up into entry level. And you'll recall, you know, going back three to four years, four years now, 4.5 years when I came into the chair as CEO, we talked about shifting some of our move up business into entry level. We've done that, and as you see that coming through on the closing side, those entry level communities typically come with higher per community absorption paces.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. [Mike], the miss that we had relative to our guide was largely driven by the weather in Texas. It was unlike any winter storm that Texas has seen and it shut that operation down for the better part of two weeks. And so, you know, our expectation is, we'll work to get the majority of that back in the second quarter, John, and, you know, we think other than that the, you know, the production machine, as I'd indicated in one of the earlier questions, is running quite well. And we'd like the rate of upstarts that we're seeing out of the business.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Alex, it's Ryan, thanks for the question. We're really excited about what we're seeing out of the active adult performance. You know, I think anecdotally we're saying that we're seeing that buyer, you know, reemerge in all aspects of their life because of their confidence around the vaccine. So, I think that's certainly a positive. I highlighted, you know, a few questions ago that the strength of the move up market is, we think also really helping that business because it's very easy for that active adult buyer to sell their home right now. They're selling it at very high prices. And so, I think that's given, you know, that buyer a lot of confidence and a lot of flexibility to go out and make the future investment that they want to make further for the retirement home and that's benefiting that Del Webb business for us.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Mike, just to clarify, you know, if you add the sequential 50 basis points per quarter that would get us to around 27, not north of 27, in terms of the margin. And certainly what we have seen is an acceleration in cost lumber being the primary driver of that. I think everybody is well aware, it's at all time highs. You know, we're hopeful that supply will come to that market, and that pricing will wane somewhat.  You know, we've been waiting for that and haven't seen it yet. But, you know, we have updated our guide in terms of what the inflationary aspect of the sticks and bricks is, you know we've been at or near 5%, 6%, we're now at 6% to 8%. And depending on what lumber does, that could move a little bit even higher than that.  Having said that, you know, we've got a really strong pricing environment right now. It's accelerated through the year. And so as we look at the production and our build out for the year, we see being able to cover those cost increases, enough, obviously, to lead to that 50 basis point, kind of sequential movement in margin through the year.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Alright. So to the first of your two questions. Steven, you know, did we do a stress test? I'm not sure what a stress test is on your backlog. We are always working with our backlog, though. You know, we actively manage them through the build cycle. And I would tell you that there are many things that can and might happen in a rising rate environment, and we would work with those consumers. You know, there are different products that can be offered. So yeah, I would agree that the strength of our backlog with 750 FICO scores, rising interest rates like that would not put our buyers in jeopardy. To your question on peak margins, you know there's so much that goes into that. What's the demand environment? What's the land environment? What type of product are we building? Having said that, I think your points are valid, whether they support higher margins or not structurally over time, I think they benefit the business. So, you mentioned virtual tours or selling costs. Yes, that's an enhancement interest. Certainly, we will get a benefit through time. You know, the $726 million that we paid down this quarter is $34 million in interest cost, which will ultimately come through as lower cost of sales. It'll take a little while because we capitalize it. So, there are a number of things that will benefit us through time. But they will be determinants of our margin, but so will the land cost, so will the vertical construction costs, and so will our selling prices. So to Ryan's earlier comment, you know, we underwrite against return, you guys have heard that from us a bunch. We obviously seek to maximize the margin that we are able to achieve. And we've got some tailwinds, but we've got some headwinds too in the form of lumber, etcetera. So, you know, Ryan said, it's a good time during the homebuilding business, it is. You know, we're enjoying very good margins. And we see them expanding through the year. So, I think that's a real positive. 
Bob O'Shaughnessy: You know, candidly that's not a big determinant in our forward guide, because there is very little of it. I mean, at 8% that is as low a cancellation rate and I can recall in 10 years in the business, you know, it's down sizably from last year, and even for those recent sequential quarter. And I think what it shows is the strength of the market, people who are under contract want to close because they know how hard it is to find something else to buy if they weren't to buy from us. But to your point, yes, if somebody fell out of contract, you know, halfway through the process with us, at least today, we would be able to sell it for more than we had sold it to them for, but that's not a big driver of our margin guide at all.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: No real difference in the cycle time. And in terms of the mix shift, you know, what we'll actually see is more of a mix shift and it's modest from move up to first time, an entry level. And so you know, active adult will be pretty consistent year-over-year and for the balance of this year. So, it's really that mix shift to the first time that's …
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. We haven't given any guide on our expectations for pricing next year, you know, what I would share is that currently we're sitting at a guide of 6% to 8% on a year-over-year basis. We've, for the last three to four years prior to 2021, we were in the 1% to 2% year-over-year increase range. So, you know, we've seen unprecedented increases in cost. You know, my hope would be that, but that would start to temper. Certainly a big driver of this year's increases is lumber, and we're at kind of unprecedented highs for lumber. You know, our analysis suggest that there's plenty of raw material. The constraint really seems to be on the sawmills, and we are seeing some additional capacity start to come online. So, you know, if we can see, you know, some moderation in the lumber market. And the industry can kind of continue to run at pretty efficient levels that we're at today. My hope would be that, you know, we could see some pullback and overall cost increases next year, relative to where we've been sitting this year.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, well, [cement] very local, right, because the distribution ranges is pretty tight. And yes, where you've got markets where you've got activity, you're going to see pricing, and that's very consistent with what we typically see. You know, in terms of the labor market, you know, certainly it is a busy market out there. People have choices on where to work. Ryan mentioned earlier, the call, you know, we've obviously stepped up our production. You know, we've got good relationships with our trades, but it costs money to make people come to our job site today. And so that's built into that increase to the 6% to 8%. I wouldn't characterize it as hateful at the moment. You know, there is, you know, there is capacity out there. For some of the trades you have to pay to get them on the jobsite, though. But those are the, you know, as always, lumber and labor are going to be the two primary drivers of cost for us.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, we did that, but we can. So, first time entry level was up 2%, year-over-year, move up was up. 4%, we had mentioned in the prepared remarks, active adult was up 6%. You know, it's interesting, because, you know, there's a lot of movement under the hood on that, right, you know, in terms of geographic closings. So, mix matters. You know, what I would tell you is, the pricing environment is pretty strong. And, yeah, so, you know, underneath that, you know, where the closings came from the size of the product is important. So, but the headline numbers are two, four, and six for entry level move up and active adult.
