Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Mike, we are definitely to run on the company for the highest returns on invested capital and we are not pushing discounts as a matter of fact, as Bob indicated discounts drop year-over-year to an incredibly low level, while lot premiums and option revenue increased. So, I can’t speak to what competitors are doing? I am not seeing broad-based discounting across the board. I think inventory levels candidly are too low and I would point out that the very strong quality land, that we have been buying the land several years, along with our return strategy is supporting our higher margins. As Bob indicates we expecting to continue.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Thanks, Ivy.Ivy Zelman – Zelman and Associates: If you could just please talk to a little bit – with the charge reserves on the $90 million for the siding, this is completely separate from the construction defects that you reserve for few years ago. And, just understanding making sure that separate, and then, my follow-up is just as you thinking about the mortgage competitive, mortgage environment. What are you seeing more in terms of lenders willingness to maybe remove some of the credit overlays. As you deliver loans to Fannie and Freddie is the consumer actually seeing a better price as a result for the competitive pressures and maybe more specific within the credit buckets, recognizing that you are typically dealing with the better quality borrower, but you’ve also indicated the Centex, this is picking up, so is that a function and also lending improving to that bucket. Thanks and congratulations again.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Okay. And then, Ivy, with regard to the mortgage environment, I would say credit appears to be easing just on the margin on the edges if you will, I do believe that is some of the improvement in the entry level, I do think however, the majority of the improvement in the entry-level is job growth related. I don’t think credit has moved much, but it appears to be easing just on the edges, we’ve seen a very slight increase in credit availability as measured by MBA in their statistics.Ivy Zelman – Zelman and Associates:  Great. Thanks, guys.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: David, everything Bob mentioned, is all driven around return its all part of the Pulte story.David Goldberg – UBS Investment Bank:  Great, thank you guys. Nice quarter.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yes. So I will answer and a reverse Eli, I think the majority of a problem is a combination of tight credit and jobs the combination there, overall, I don’t think there is a lack of supply for that category, I think the industry can ramp up to build for that category, on there is certainly some supply shortages but the majority of the issues I believe are tight credit and jobs. With regards to credits potentially easing from here mortgage finance reform legislatively is likely dead for this year as I think everyone knows the job’s in (indiscernible) didn’t make it too far in congress, so we are working as a group of collective large builders to push the administration particularly to work on administrative solutions to the credit box, which we do believe can have some impact that would be things like changing FHA fees things like that. Unfortunately, that’s the sometimes tough to get done and I do believe that will take sometime, but by clarifying a put rules by insuring that the definition of qualified mortgages and qualified residential mortgages is very clear by focusing on FHA fees, things like that we do believe there is some administrative actions that know what could take, as he heads up FHFA would be outside of legislative arena. And we are working on that, we are not holding our breath at, anything is going to happen dramatically to help that. It’s going to take sometime for credit to years in my view.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yes, Steve. We saw fairly seasonal typical trend. And April and May were stronger than June. We didn’t see a dramatic fall off in June it was very typical summer seasonal which is continued into July.Stephen East – ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then we’ve also heard over the last three or four months that generally traffic it’s been much better than the conversion into orders, I was wondering if you all were seeing that and then if I could just ask one question back on the gross margins. Can you help me reconcile a little bit the commonly managed four plans jump from 30% to almost 40% that the gross margin stayed about flat? How do we reconcile those two and is that going to be an ongoing thing there.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Okay, I’ll take it crack it both and then maybe Bob might want to add any color. On traffic versus conversion, we are continuing to see good traffic and conversions respectable I would just again say within the balance of a typical summer slowdown. So not a lot of movement Steve either way on either metrics I would say we still had good traffic and respectable conversion both marginally down given the summer season. On gross margin performance the commonly managed plans or better margin product and we are excited about the 39%, but many things go into the margin performance including specifically mix for the quarter. And we have indicated that we would have quarter-to-quarter volatility, our margins even though they were sequentially down I think about 20 basis points they continue to be at a very high range and as Bob indicated based in our backlog we see opportunities in next couple of quarters in them to be in this range or slightly higher from here. So we’re pleased with our overall margins and mix influences things from quarter-to-quarter. I don’t know Bob any other color.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Steve, we’re not seeing any difference in labor availability for entry-level versus a more luxury focused product for us. I’ll say labor is tight in the industry particularly for unskilled trades, drywall, looping and things like that. And clearly there is some constraint on ability to close backlog in the near-term; it’s just a timing issue. So you may have units moved from one month or one quarter to another. So I don’t think it’s a big problem for the industry, but it could cause some minor disruptions frankly not unusual from past recoveries, but no not a lot of change in segment availability of labor.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: It was controlled Steven, and we’ll see if we can get that number for you. We had 24,683 finished owned lots.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Good morning, Ken.Kenneth R. Zener – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Richard you talked about approvals impacted, you commented on approval process impacting your land spend. Could you comment on what the discipline side i.e. your returns says about what land prices are in various markets, this is my first question.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yes, Ken, we’ve certainly seen a significant escalation over the past 12 months to 18 months in land prices; they do appear to be moderating to some degree. However, I would tell you that the discipline that we are exhibiting with a very capital constrained focus internally to drive higher returns continues to lead us toward challenges to meet the overall lands and goals that we have. As Bob indicated we hope to get to the $2 billion level, but we are not going force it. So overall we are pleased with our discipline, we think it served as well, we think it’s one of the reasons that our margins have held up as well as they have. And frankly one of the reasons our paces are doing well simply because of the quality of the land we are buying. So continued more of the same I would say is in our future.Kenneth R. Zener – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay, and than my second question broadly related how you are running the capital structure. Could you give us a sense of what you think the company will do, if your revenues are growing let say 10% or X%? What is the cash flow cycle imply about your yield or your free cash flow generates the potential, the buyback stock as you did – as you did in the quarter given that you are not going to be a cyclical on the capital investment cycle.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Bob, we indicated for the next couple of quarters. We see things in this range are slightly improved. Beyond that long-term, we don’t want to provide a lot of guidance, we certainly like the benefit from commonly managed plans, we like our discipline, but I’ll highlight something that Bob indicated is certainly a nice margin story and we want to keep it going, but it’s about return for the company. So we’re going to continue to make good decisions based on return overall. So we like where margins are headed for the foreseeable future.Robert Wetenhall – RBC Capital Markets LLC: That’s helpful. You’ve been in the homebuilding industry for a long time. Do you think we’re transitioning from early cycle to mid cycle of the recovery? If you could just kind of give us your view where we are in terms of the evolution in that process? that would be great. Thanks.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yes, I think housing has several good years ahead. I don’t think we’re mid-cycle yet, frankly in my view. But I do think it’s a slow and steady path upward from here, I’d like to tell our folks internally my best projection is that I don’t see anything causing a sharp increase in overall demand, nor do I see anything causing a sharp decrease in demand. I think a slow and steady recovery is the most likely one, which is kind of what we’ve seen. There are a couple of headwinds that we historically might not have had in housing recovery, such as job growth that is good, but not great anti-credit, but the same token, those things appear to be getting better slowly, but surely. So that would be what I would expect. One other thing Bob just mentioned is that the recovery now appears to be taking on regional and local geographic characteristics, which is very typical of a normal housing recovery. I think we transitioned probably late last year, or early this year from the sort of macro view, or housing was horrible for several years, and then we had a couple of years where housing was really good everywhere. Now, it’s becoming much more about local economies and local geographies, and that’s normal. So as we indicated, Texas has got great job growth, and it’s strong and DC has got social job growth and it’s not as strong, that feels normal to us. So again, to summarize slow and steady from here is my best guess for many years.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yes. We are clearly focused internally on our invested capital. So, it’s ROIC that I’m referring to, and all of our folks in the field I’ve been running the business. this is the fourth year in a row, with a focus on a combination of margins, SG&A leverage and asset turns. And if you kind of put that in the triangle, right in the middle of it, we’d kind of stamp ROIC. so we feel like our returns are very strong today, and we feel like we can keep them in this range, or higher from here. We don’t think that our balance sheet is completely being utilized. In other words, we still have a number of lots that are long positions. and as we cycle through those, and we replace them with more term friendly deals. I think that can help the denominator, and obviously, we’re working on the numerator as well. So, it’s hard to predict where returns can go, but we intend to be a high return in builder through the cycle, certainly, not as higher returns in the down cycle, as in the up cycle. but we want to be focused on returns from here on now, because we do believe that metric is the most important metric to drive shareholder return over the long run.Adam P. Rudiger – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Okay, thanks. Most of my questions have been answered.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: I wouldn’t want to comment on individual debt offerings. What I will tell you is that there are very, very expensive. So as we look at all of our debt over time, if we were to make an investment to buy it back, because we can get some positive yield out of it, and that’s a challenge with some of the pricing that we’re seeing on our paper. Sorry, I forgot the second question. Sorry, Will.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Certainly, we see all the transactions that are coming out, the stuff that gets announced, we see these. And I would say the answer is, yes we could potentially be doing transactions, but we’d look at them as typically just a land transaction. So we are putting the same return requirements on them as we are on any particular land transactions in a market. Oftentimes, when people come to market, they’ve got fairly lost the expectations for price. We haven’t seen anything that was compelling to us to chase, but that doesn’t mean we wouldn’t – we look at them and we’re interested, we’re a buyer and seller of land, it’s part of the equation here.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Jim, we’d like to drive option desires we possibly we can. we’ve been really pleased with our ability to do so, given our focus on returns. to some extent, that can be dictated by the seller, in some instances, it’s not available, but Bob, if you have any more color on that.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yes, Dan, I think it’s all of the above, I’ll will tell you, I’m very pleased with our internal focus on commonly managed plans and don’t rule out that the stats Bob keeps given each quarter around lot premiums and options those are – and discounts, our internal focus on isolating each of those metrics and trying to optimizing them helps. So it’s clearly a combination of all of the above when you have as many moving parts as we do going in it’s hard to isolate it to anyone, but collectively that’s what where we get.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: That’s correct. We have enough experience with the Pulte brand and with construction techniques, design et cetera that we believe we can stretch that name into that category. but again, we want to be selective, we like the fact that we are diversified with our portfolio.Buck Horne – Raymond James & Associates:  Okay, thanks.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Thank you. All right. I apologize, Will, I remember your second question and it was about the rating agencies and investment grade. it is certainly the business that we’re running; we think certainly, warrant consideration for investment grade. we’ve shared that our thoughts on that with the rating agencies. The one thing I would say is it’s not the overarching reason we do things. So, again, we think we actually warrant consideration for investment grade today and we’re running the business in the way I think that is supportive of that type of ratings. But it doesn’t mean we wouldn’t look at doing things differently if we thought it was better for shareholders.
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: Great question, these are largely the replacement communities there is one that is a fresh community, what I think you see different from the historical Del Webb is they are smaller they range and size from 600 units to 1,200 units, we think we will be in and out of them and say five years it will have a slightly smaller aminity package to what I – you probably heard me refer to as the crew shift Del Webb, if its continuation on an existing community it may have of shared aminities but typically, we had a club house it might not have a golf course any more, it will have walking trials. So again a little bit smaller and I think we’ve talked about this for a couple of years those 5,000 unit communities are likely not featured,
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: Yes, I would actually characterize it is that the change to a certain degree in what we are buying, there isn’t much finished lot availability out there. So we’re buying raw land, and so while our dollars out the door today, it will be a challenge to get the $2 billion; we’ve actually committed a fairly significant amount in terms of what will develop in 2015 and 2016. So you’ll see spending increasing in out years because of what we’ve done this year. And we think we’ll get close to the $2 billion, we are just not sure we’ll get all the way there. And it’s because we’ve continued to tell our folks don’t chase deals. This is you’ve got authorization to go spend money, but don’t do it foolishly. And so the discipline that they are exhibiting is going to make it a little bit of challenge to get the $2 billion, but you’ll still see a significant increase over fiscal 2013 and we like the land that we are buying.
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: Nishu, we haven’t commented on that yet, and we are sticking with our guidance of 560 to 580 for this year and as we get closer into either late Q3 or Q4 we’ll provide some guidance for 2015. But it’s too early for us to speculate on those numbers.
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: Yes. It’s a great question, Ken and as a company, we continue to – we think to exhibit balance with our capital allocation strategy and I think you can expect more of the same from the company, we reintroduced the dividend last year to a reasonably nice level and we stepped up our share repurchases in Q2. And so I would expect the company to continue to exhibit balance. Now that our returns were strong as they are, our first priority will be to put it in the business. But candidly, we don’t want to delude our returns. So we want to make sure that we’re buying the right lands. So I think it’s fair to say, we’re going to have plenty cash available to do a multitude of things, and I would suggest that continuing to return funds to shareholders through dividend and buyback is likely in our future as part of our balanced process.Kenneth R. Zener – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Right. And I guess, if you think about invest in the business like you said, and you’re going to be holding land and let’s say two-year. How do you gauge your discipline relative to what you want to invest today, based upon where you think the market is going to be because that’s the real thing, right. We have two-year, 50% growth, that’s different than a steady 10% or 15% growth which will yield us different element of cash flow? Thank you.
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: Yes, I think it’s tough to predict that on the future too far, Ken. I would suggest for the near to medium-term, we like the conservative pasture that we’ve taken and we’ll, we realize that the large cash balance is a non-earning asset and we’d like to deploy it, we just don’t want to do anything dramatic or sudden to try to tie in the market if you will. So stay tune for further clarity and commentary on that as the picture become little clear in the future for us.
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: Yes. The only thing I’d add to that is options can take on different looks and feels. If you’ve got a finished lot option transaction, it’s different than one where you’ve got raw land where you’re optioning partials of it, as you go forward. And for us that can extend it to what generates the best return risk-weighted. So if we are buying raw land, the option – we want the option to have risk transfer elements to it, whereas if you’re buying finished lots, it’s a little bit simpler to work through. So what we’ve been doing now, we are increasing our percentage of option transaction. but again, they are typically raw, where you may have a 600 lot community and we take the first 200 down and option the second 200.
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: Yes, certainly our operators are trying to get price for ever they can, they are also trying to get return and so phases get to there. It’s interesting we were talking earlier, yes the Texas market had outsized first time absorption increases but the non-Texas markets were up 13%. So of that 20 plus percent pace increase it’s not just Texas. So the return characteristics are not so much in that business about generating higher prices be with that buyer is somewhat limited to the down payment they can come up with. So paces what actually replaces it and we’ve seen that across all our markets in this quarter.
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: We haven’t given any color on next year, obviously we’ve been absent debt transaction dividend the share repurchases were going to be cash flow generative this year and substantially. So lot of it will depend on how much of the land spend we actually get done and then how much we allocate to share repurchases.Stephen East – ISI Group Inc.: Sure, okay. If Richard’s scenario were sort of a slow and steady I mean is it rationale for us to think 215 cash generation before those other issues with sort of be on the similar track.
Robert T. O’Shaughnessy: And certainly we will be – a tax there, next year. So our earnings stream is cash consistent with this year.
