James P. Zeumer: Thank you, Richard. At this time, we'll open the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Jessica, if you'll explain the process, we'll get started.
James P. Zeumer: The only thing I'd add is and Richard highlighted this before, the sales environment is seasonal. So you're going to see more activity in the front half of the year for sales. And just based on construction cycles, that means you're going to see more construction deliveries in the back half of the year. And so I don't know that you want to look at it on a steady state. It's not going to be the same quarter by quarter, but year-over-year, you shouldn't see significant fluctuations. So if we're 59% in this quarter, first quarter next year, likely should be 59%, absent some significant change in the business environment. So sales accelerated or sales decelerated, for some reason. But what we're trying to do is get production flow more even. So again, we've got roughly 6 months of production in backlog at maximum, so you wouldn't see that change over time.
James P. Zeumer: Thank you, Jessica. I want to thank everybody for their time this morning. We will be around all day if you've got any follow-up questions. Beyond that, we'll look forward to talking to you at the end of next quarter.
Richard J. Dugas: Sure, Ivy. We're still comfortable with our community count guidance in the range of 10% to 15% down for the year, although it's likely going to be toward the higher end of that range. What I would tell you is that in addition to the community count being a little difficult to analyze for us given our longer positions in some communities, we are really focused on driving price and margin as opposed to pace, and we tried in our prepared comments to really emphasize the degree to which we feel like we're taking price and limiting sales. So while we're not going to provide sign-up guidance, I will tell you that we're very pleased with the overall level of activity in the market, and candidly, we feel like we're executing our playbook exactly as we anticipated.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Ivy, from a margin standpoint, a couple of things. We feel like we're benefiting from a multiple effect from, not only our construction efficiencies and a common plan in management work that Bob referenced. Clearly the mix shift is helping us. Also, our pricing discipline is evident in a whole number of arenas outside of just what is typically thought of as base price, things like premiums and options, lower discounts. And then land value is appreciating over time, as well. So we do see further margin expansion from here. It's not going to be in a straight line. As we've said before, it can be choppy depending on mix deliveries quarter-over-quarter. But we're confident we've got more in this gas tank.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, David, Richard here. As Bob indicated, Del Webb was up about 16% year-over-year. We're pleased with that performance. And it's following the script that we kind of envisioned, where that buyer continues to get more and more comfortable with the housing market, continues to have more opportunities to sell existing homes and are feeling better about their overall financial position as clearly the stock market has continued to perform. So I would say, slow and steady from here is our expectation for Del Webb. It's unfolding about as we expected.
Richard J. Dugas: So David, Richard here. I'll start and then turn it to Bob for a second. I think the thing that we realized is that we have a real disciplined process in place today around how we're going to look at land spend. And if you can think of it this way, our current homebuilding operation is getting better and better, and we really like that. So we're getting more and more comfortable putting more money into a more efficient machine, if you will. Having said that, the discipline with which we are looking at land is not changing, and land's not on sale right now. It's expensive. So with that, maybe Bob can give a little more character on how we're looking at it and what might make us change our assumptions going forward.
Richard J. Dugas: David, Richard. One more follow-up comment to Bob's. We feel we're much better off to stick to A-plus properties, and the discipline we have to really evaluate this continually on an evergreen basis, we believe, is better than plopping a huge amount of money into the market in one shot and then kind of seeing what happens over the year. So as an example, if we were going to invest $100 over the year, we think it's more prudent to do it in $25 increments, giving us the flexibility to see how much further we're driving the current operations, as well as targeting A-plus locations, versus the natural tendency if you allocated that $100 all at once to maybe buy some B and C properties. We made that mistake in the past with a lot of investment in one time, and we don't want to do that again. It's all about ROIC now.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Jason, this is Richard. We saw consistent growth through the quarter, although we purposely tamped down sales activity and drove price even more through the quarter. So that influenced our trends a little bit. And we're pleased with the resulting sales pace we've seen so far in April.
Richard J. Dugas: Steven, we had indicated that we thought community count wouldn't turn until '14, given the allocation that we authorized last quarter. And the incremental allocation this quarter isn't going to move the needle on '13. It takes a while to kind of do that. So I wouldn't look for community count to turnaround until sometime in '14. Having said that, I hope you can appreciate it's a substantial increase in our overall land investment, vis-a-vis what we were in '11 or '12 where we are. And you're on the order of roughly 40% increases in overall land investment, which is substantial. So we feel like we're doing a really good job of monitoring our land spend and doing it appropriately. And community count is going to fall in the interim period. That's okay, and as we think we demonstrate this quarter, there's more than one way to get to an earnings number, and to the extent that we continue focusing on our operations, those are good dollars to bring to the bottom line. I know some folks are anxious for more growth, but we're pretty happy with the way things are playing out.
Richard J. Dugas: Adam, as Bob indicated, we do concern ourselves with a relevant market share in markets. So we're very focused on staying to be a large enough player in the key markets we're in to be able to leverage our trade base, to be able to have good land positions, et cetera. Having said that, volume is not the focus for the company these days. We think we've been very consistent about that. It's driving better returns. We certainly are going to remain a very large, if not the largest builder by revenue. And it's all about return on invested capital for us going forward. So I don't know what to tell you regarding a specific size of the organization other than to tell you, we feel like we're running a very smart business. We're delevering; at the same time, we're adding incremental investment. We're driving better business from our current assets. It's a really nice combination overall. So we're pleased, and we think shareholders are going to really benefit over the long run from this focus on return.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, this has been a consistent fact for us over the last couple of years. You have seen community count dropping. It did drop in the current quarter. And I would tell you it is likely to continue to drop because the majority of the investment that we've made -- and this isn't just in the last 3 months, but over the last 2 years, has been in the move-up category. And we've talked about it a lot. Not that we don't like the business, it's just that given the economics and the velocity that we see, the returns work better on the move-up business. So we're seeing pace is increasing faster there. We see higher returns, and so our investment has been substantially towards that part of the segment.
Richard J. Dugas: This is Richard, Mike. We definitely plan to invest in this segment in the future. And we are investing in the segment today. It's just being outstripped by our investment in, particularly the move-up category today. As Bob indicated, it's all about driving the best returns for shareholders. And right now, that seems to be in the move-up category, and that doesn't mean that the intra-level category is not a big player in the future. We continue to invest in that brand and are working hard to find transactions that make sense for it.
Richard J. Dugas: I really appreciate that question because it gives me the opportunity to really complement our team for driving specs to their lowest level in years. We currently -- we got less than 400 finished specs about 1/3 of what they were at this time in 2012. And Mike, to the go forward strategy, we love the very limited spec strategy. It's really about limiting finished spec inventory. We're happy to put specs into production, but our teams are keenly focused on selling them at full margin before they final, where we can do that. We're happy to put specs in, but don't look for us to revert to the ways we had a few years ago where we put a lot of spec in the ground. I think Bob indicated about 19% of our business was in spec and 81% presale. I like that percentage, and we'd like to drive it as far as we can because it provides very consistent visibility for our sold backlog. It supports our overall pricing and margin focus. It helps with inventory turns because we're not carrying a lot of finished inventory on spec. And it helps our SG&A because we're not having to cut the grass and heat these homes that don't have buyers in them. So I'd call that a win-win-win-win-win. I have a couple -- I have one more for you. If you look year-over-year, we've taken $75 million out of house. And that's despite the fact that we've got in total, 5% more units under construction. So the ability to drive down final specs and final sold units has allowed us to take all that money out of working capital. We've reinvested it in homes that are sold and despite that, driven a $75 million increase. It decreased our investment in-house.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, certainly, if communities close, we do have a relative savings. You don't have the cost of maintaining the model. You may have 1 or 2 less people on staff. But I would suggest that, that doesn't change the landscape very much. Just like we've said, if we scale up on production, we don't have to go hire a bunch of people, invest a lot in SG&A. It doesn't go away immediately either, because we're pretty efficient on how we're structured.
Richard J. Dugas: Megan, if I understand the question correctly, I think with our focus on presales and lack of specs, we have pretty good visibility into our backlog quarter-by-quarter at this stage. We did indicate on our Q4 call, though, that conversion rates for the backlog are going to be limited because we're carrying a larger backlog. And without a lot of spec inventory to add, "upside," in the current quarter, you're not going to see that. But I guess the best way that I would think about it is to expect us to have a relatively consistent business going forward. I don't know if I'm answering your question, or maybe I didn't understand it right.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I think you're going to have some of that, just the way the natural pace of the business flows. You generally sell more homes in the front half of the year than the back half, so I don't think anything is going to change the trend of Q4 being the biggest closing quarter. Having said that, we're doing our best to not get too far out with our backlog, in order to be able to control the next quarter or 2. And we purposely told our operators, even if you have the ability to sell a year out, we prefer 6, 7 months of backlog to protect ourselves against price increases as well as our cost increases, as well as ability to take price. So we're really happy with how that's going. I would love for us to get to 25% each quarter. I don't think that's realistic, but we're going to push more in that direction, if that can help you.
Richard J. Dugas: Joel, this is Richard. We definitely have expansion plans in many markets. It's all based on our current capital position in the market, our relative market share in the market. And in some cases, we're really happy with our overall position and are not adding a lot of capital. In others, we're aggressively growing the business, but when you got a business as big as ours, it's across the board, that authorized incremental land spend is going to play out over time. But yes, definitely, there are markets where we're adding additional capital at a rapid rate.
Richard J. Dugas: I'm sorry, I apologize. No, we're not looking at any new markets that I can think of now. As Bob indicated, we're really focused on driving relative market share within the markets we're in, which last time I checked, we were in the vast majority of all the permits in the country with the MSAs we had covered.
Richard J. Dugas: We actually will be filing our Q today. And what we'll say in there is that consistent with I think we said at the end of the year, it's our expectation that if business conditions continue the way they have, that we would likely be able to reverse a large part of it sometime in the back half of this year.
Richard J. Dugas: Bob, this Richard. We definitely see better margins in commonized floor plans. It's hard to give you a specific number, but it is part of the margin improvement story that we've had now for 9 consecutive quarters. And the best news there for us is at 12%, you can see that it's kind of in its early innings. We have 6 specific product and purchasing zones around the company. And we're rolling this process out to all of them this year. Some like Texas, are much further along, we'll have much higher percentage of closings there. But as we roll into other parts of the country, it will go up. So to answer your question, better margins. Wouldn't want to give you a specific number on how much better.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I would continue to expect it to get a lot of attention, vis-a-vis letting our operators sell a bunch more homes. To be crystal clear, we could sell a lot more homes in the given quarter than we are right now. But we don't think it will drive the most favorable ROIC effort for us. So the thing to think about, with pricing, as Bob indicates is, it's not just base price. It's options, it's lot premiums, it's base price, it's managing discounts. It's managing all the factors. And best way, if I were you to think about it, is we're really doing a good job at disaggregating the pieces of price. We have very good visibility into that today. And we're focused on driving each one of them as far as we can. We've been real pleased with what that increased visibility has done to all components of price.
Richard J. Dugas: I think if I understand, our ability to open communities doesn't get impacted by the work we're doing around commonly managed floor plans and trying to be efficient. At the end of the day, you still have to go through -- and actually, if the land is raw, you have to go through the entitlement process. You actually have to spend development dollars. All that is -- are things that are outside of the purview of we're going build houses more efficiently. So it’s a 2-step process: one is to get the land ready; 2 is to then build on it. And at the end of the day, interestingly, what we're seeing today is more raw land opportunities. Finished lots, you've heard many people talk about it are very scarce and so we're taking bigger land positions. We're going to have to take -- put development dollars to work. So it's not as simple as, Okay, you've spent a lot more money. We're going to see community count because it depends on how you spend the money. And the market dictates that, to some degree.
Richard J. Dugas: Jack, it's not a number candidly that we focus a lot on internally. So we're a little off the cuff trying to answer this, but I wouldn't say it's a bad number. We're pretty pleased with the rate at which we metered out sales this quarter are very limited to drive margins.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, I think we look at capital in the aggregate, obviously. And so yes, we have a lot of cash available today. We were looking at the '14 because under the make-whole provisions, we actually can invest the money at more accretive rates than we could invest in the money markets right now. In terms of the impact on margins, that's more of a prospective thing, so that will benefit margins not in '13, but '14, '15, '16 kind of a timeframe. And that's true of all the reductions that we've had over time. And as we look at our total capital picture, we look at the entire debt structure, we look at whether we're -- we've got opportunities to either take things out or refinance them more attractively. And obviously, we'll always think about, if we've got excess liquidity, how might its dividend or share repurchase fit into that. Again, we look at it in total.
Richard J. Dugas: Nishu, one thing you have to remember is we've actually got commissions up in cost of sales, so that big variable piece that you're looking for is actually going through margin, not through SG&A. So I would suggest there's -- I mean there's lots and lots of moving pieces. But really the primary driver of the change in SG&A was compensation related to the improved performance of the business.
Richard J. Dugas: I would tell you that the mix of business is about the same. It's about 1/3, government spec. And in terms of cash buyers, I haven't heard anything substantial around that. And if you think about it, if you look at our mortgage origination, they're up 35% year-over-year. That's -- the builder was only up 23% year-over-year. Again, we had capture rate, so we're getting more of the business, which tells me that there's probably less -- or not less, but not a significant change in cash buyers.
Richard J. Dugas: The finished lots are about 1/3. It's pretty consistent with where we were last year. And we've struggled with the mothball concept over time again, because of our Del Webb position. So we haven't provided a mothball number.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, I think as Richard said, we're looking at it with a consistent lens as we go forward. And one of the things that we're actually thinking about, I think to your question on sales basis is, what is happening to us for market share in each individual market. So we're looking at the overall business and say, what cash are we generating and how much do we want to invest? And then saying, where do we best invest it? Where are the opportunities to invest based on our view of forward business opportunities? And also where do we need to invest to maintain critical relative market share or market share in general? So I think it's a 2-step process that looks at how do we feel about the business and then specifically in markets, make sure that we're keeping the leverage there that we think is appropriate.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Sure, we have provided, I think, coming into the year, that we were planning for $2,000 to $2,500 in known increases in costs, and a lot of that is labor. What we've seen is that -- if we were to update that number today, it's probably $1,000 or $1,200 higher, and the primary driver of the difference is lumber, obviously, I think everybody is aware that lumber prices have risen pretty significantly, and labor. I think where you're seeing labor pressure the most is in the markets that have had the most rapid increase in production over the last year or 2, so, think markets like Phoenix.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, it gets a little bit complicated because there's a whole lot of mix involved in all that. But what I can tell you is if you look at the $287,000 average ASP, that breaks down 342 for Pulte, 193 for Centex and 285 for Del Webb. And those are -- so Pulte was up 8% over first quarter last year, Centex was up 2% over first quarter last year and Del Webb was up 4% over last year. So none of those are over 8%, yet our average price is up 10%, that's the mix differential. But again, we're seeing price increases across all 3 brands.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. What you'd also find is that in the quarter, quarter-over-quarter average -- so we've told you that we raised prices in a significant number of communities, that discount was down 210 basis points versus last year. And so despite those 2 things, what you would find is that our option revenue was up about 18% per unit, which is about $6,000. And our lot premium revenues is up about $2,000 a unit, which is about 40% of lot premium. So we're seeing that we're able to drive increases across all elements of price.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, Steven. I would say this, first of all, when you talk about strategic repositioning, I assumed you mean with regard to our land investment strategy. And we feel like we've done an excellent job of ensuring that we have a better operating platform before we plow a lot of additional funds in, and particularly, given our long land position as a company. And you've certainly seen the benefits and our quarterly earnings from that strategy. It's important to note that our decisions today are not going to manifest themselves for 18 to 24 months from capital authorized today before they come online. So we feel like we're making those decisions today. And with all due respect, we feel like 40%, plus or minus, incremental increase in capital is a big one. It may not match those of a couple of our peers, but we're doing our very best to stay disciplined on the A+ properties where we can continue to drive great results and not get caught up in let's grow because the market is really strong. It doesn't do us a lot of good to grow if we're not going to grow extremely profitably and driving a lot of that to the bottom line, so...
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, the cancellation rates, it's 11% for Pulte for the quarter; 20% for Centex for the quarter; and 9% for Del Webb.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: It's Bob, sorry. That's exactly right. So we've got visibility, obviously, into most of our spend for '13 already. As Richard highlighted, anything we're doing today is really going to be for future production. So we have pretty good visibility into what our spend will be right now for the balance of the year. Obviously, we have folks spending a lot of time looking for transactions that some may fund this year, some may fund next year. It depends on structure. So if we go out and buy a lot of raw land with 100% purchase, that burns money this year. We're asking people to try and find terms. So even on raw, do we get it on option takes? You've got some spend this year, you've got some spend in the future. How does the development dollar spend fit into that? So again, we've highlighted the fact that we've authorized them to commit us to $1.4 billion in spend. But that we weren't sure they all get spent this year. And it's either because we can't find return accretive things, or because we'll tie up land this year and actually make some of the spend next year.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Nishu, to add to that, we have said pretty consistently, we felt like we could ramp the business 30%, 40%, plus or minus, without adding a lot of SG&A. And I think that's what we're demonstrating here very pointedly in this quarter. We've got significant ramp up in revenue and total business without much change in SG&A, so we feel good about that. And the leverage from here, we feel good about. I think you had, had a follow-up question with regard to the land piece. The $950 million to $1 billion was kind of our previous level of spend in '11 and '12. And we had increased that last quarter to the kind of $1.2 billion level and a little more in '14. To be clear, that's now at the $1.4 billion authorized level for '13 and '14. And just to note and highlight something Bob said, a good portion of that's development spend, right? So every single incremental dollar is not into a new land transaction, per se. It's development spend in communities that are running faster, that type of thing. So we feel good about that. And then to your question about whether or not that's the maximum that the balance sheet will allow, I would suggest the balance sheet would allow more than that. But we are being very disciplined around how we're thinking about it. And candidly, you're seeing us redeem some notes. Bob mentioned we're looking at all uses of capital. So gone are the days where every available free dollar's going to go back into development in land for the company. We want to drive the best returns.
