Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes Nishu, its Bob. I would tell you it did not influence our thinking. It certainly will influence our capital planning over the next few years because to your point it will yield fairly significant cash savings when we are a cash tax payer. But we were the dialogue we had been having with the board around this didn't really change as a result of that action in December by the government.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: The only thing I'd add is, if you look I mentioned in a remarks our optioned portfolio is now 37% of our total land portfolio. If you just look year year-over-year, our owns position is down a 11% to 89,000 lots, our options position is up 18% to 52,000 lots. And so, while our lot position is only down 1% at a 141,000, we unbalanced we've changed the flavor of that sets our own position is down, we highlighted from 5.6% to 4.2% over the last two years. And the only other thing I'd add to that is there is a higher cost structure that typically comes with option lots. So, just I offer that people remember when we do this, there is some margin pressure that comes with that.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: No. Mike, the only thing I was going to add to that is part of it's going to depend on what we do with the cash obviously. We highlighted that we can invest in the business. We can be lever to a certain extent or at least to our net cash or we can return at the shareholders, all of those choices will influence of the kind of medium term outcome. So, everything I agree with everything Ryan said and again part of it's going to spend on what we decide to do.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes Ken, I'll start. Certainly, we see a margin differential typically in the 200 basis point to 300 basis point range spec versus non-spec and in particular we see it become more pronounced if we have spec final on the ground. We've been working to try and improve the production capabilities of the company and what we call even flow. So, we've been trying to build sold not start a backlog which we've been successful at. Doesn't mean we don’t build spec. our spec production is up about 11% in terms of units year-over-year but our spec final is down 2%. I gave you the number in the release, in the prepared remarks, 637 units out of 790 communities. So, what we're really focused on is making sure we don’t have a bunch of houses on the ground that people come in and say like let's make a deal. It is worth remembering that spec feels great until it doesn't. And if you get to a point where you have too many years on the ground and the market gets -- in the current mortgage timeline. So, I'll let Ryan answer the question more strategically but I think in general we're going to be pretty disciplined around this.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Well, the community count growth, we've often suggest that it's not the best measure of volume and since we introduced both annual and quarterly guidance, we weren’t going to provide any commentary around that. In terms of our expectations for pace, I don’t think we're expecting significant increases in pace in fiscal '18 relative to '17. We did enjoy a pretty solid fourth quarter. As Ryan has said, the first quarter has started off pretty well but it's still early going. We haven’t yet really got to the selling season.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes Mike, it's a fair question. Certainly this is an asset that's in the South East. It's a big asset, it's got more than 2000 lots. We're going to be there for a while. And what we've seen is the market around us in -- it is in Georgia specifically, has been very active. So, the Georgia construction markets really working pretty hard right now. We're bringing trades down to that particular site. And so, what we've seen is because of the strength of the market, our land development costs are going up, our house construction costs have gone up. And interestingly, this happens to be a community where it's positioned against some pretty inexpensive product we're priced, it's really price sensitive. So, we haven’t seen much opportunity to increase prices, then in fact we've seen prices actually move backwards a little bit in 2017. So, although things contributed to over the last couple of years as the market has improved, our costs have gone up and we just haven’t seen the price opportunity.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes Alan, we've been asked that question off and on since the prospect of tax reform has been raised. We do not look at returns after-tax. When we underwrite transactions, we're looking at pre-tax returns. I don’t expect that we will compete that away. I'm not aware of anybody that would look into this after-tax. Time will tell but certainly it hasn’t been part of the dialogue with tellers at this point which is where you would probably expect the first year. So, not thinking that's an issue at all, honestly.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: That will remain opportunistic. We will not will be reporting the news as opposed to previewing it for you.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes. Certainly, as we talked about, we target a range that we're very comfortable with. If you look at our capital structure on top of that, we've got $3 billion in debt right now. A $1 billion of it has tenured longer than 14 years. The other $2 billion only $700 million is in three years. The rest is eight, nine years out. So, we have a very long dated capital structure at very attractive financing rates. So, to think through that, our interest coverage is very strong. To sit on cash and think about net debt, to me we got an unproductive asset on the balance sheet and we've talked about as we're going to use that either to invest in the business or to return to shareholders. Doesn't mean we would never hold cash, doesn't mean we wouldn’t think about our leverage structure. But where we sit today, we feel really good about. And Ryan said exactly right, it's not for the share repurchased activity. We have a very low net debt to cap and a low debt to cap. So, we feel good about our balance sheet. And the business generating this $6 million to $800 million of cash flow this year, we talked about it earlier and even in the prepared remarks highlighted, we can think about leverage is part of that. Because we're going to have a lot of choices to make with the cash flow we're generating. So, I don’t like to comment on what other folks are saying but I can tell you we've been pretty consistent and our capital structure is pretty sound right now.
Ryan Marshall: Hey Nishu, it's Ryan. Yes, great question. I appreciate the question. What I would tell you is we did have a very strong end of the fourth quarter; we are very pleased with that. I think the fact that we delivered 14% year-over-year growth, some of that coming from community count growth and a big chunk of that coming from true absorption growth was something that we were very pleased with. We like where our backlog is at at the end of the year and it's really reflective of a couple of things. One, we've had heavy emphasis on increasing the size of our still not started backlog. We believe that helps us with our overall production models; number one. Number two; we're not building a lot of spec inventory. And so, with the strong fourth quarter we have a lot of those sales came in November and December but given our built to order model, those deliveries will not be in the fourth, in the first quarter of 2018. So, we like how our production pipeline is moving. We like where demand is at and frankly we think the 5% to 10% growth is very competitive and is demonstrative of the great year that we had in 2017.
Ryan Marshall: Well Mike, it's certainly our playbook for the next year. The next two to three years I think we're going to have to see what the market brings and we're going to make the appropriate decisions that we think are going to give the best result of our shareholders. We like the playbook that we're running right now. We think it's resulting in a very favorable outcome for our shareholders. We're driving good return on equity, its good return, and its great return on invested capital. We're demonstrating excellent earnings per share growth. There are a lot of positive things that we're doing. As I highlighted in some of my opening comments, I think that one of our opportunities is to continue to grow our volumes and continue to leverage the infrastructure that we built to drive even higher operating margin and push earnings growth through not only increased efficiency but also increased top line growth as well. So, we know that we're getting later into the cycle but we remain constructive on it. And thus that view is reflected in what we've laid out for 2018.
Ryan Marshall: The only thing that I would add to what Bob shared with you, Ken, is we're not afraid to use spec. we're using it in the way that I think smooth out our production pipeline. Beyond that our view is our profitability on builder order units is quite a bit higher and we eliminate the risk of potential we have in the unit that we've got a hold on to and discount to sell or pay the caring cost associated with caring the finished house. So, it's all worked into our model of driving the highest returns possible. They're certainly multiple strategies out there in terms of -- how speculative units are used. We happen to be partial with one that we use which is working for us.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. And the only other thing that I point out on the absorption pace side is mix and buyer mix certainly matters. I think it's no secret how we're positioned relative to the three buyer groups that we serve. We saw a nice increase and absorptions in the entry level which I think the entire industry continues to enjoy. We're very pleased with the performance there. We saw nice increase in absorptions in our active adult segment. We were slightly down in the move up. So, in totality across our entire platform we saw an increase of 5% in the quarter which is very robust and we're happy with it. And then I think when you look at the absolute number of our absorptions, they're very respectable, they're near the top. And so, just see outsized percentage gains given where we're operating, I don’t know that I would necessarily expect that to happen unless the market was to significantly change.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Alan, I'll do the best I can to who maybe answer that question again. We grow in the size of our still not lengthening the duration of operation. It's been a work in process over the last two years and we still got some ground left to cover but we like the position that we're in. We I think reflect, we're typically not into the official spring selling season until Super Bowl time. And we're I don’t think it's a great proxy for providing expectations about what 2018 or the full review is going to look like closing guide which we think is reflective of our current production expectations for 2018.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Susan, great question. We're so proud of what our organization has done in getting more efficient. We think we still have some room to grow. But as Bob highlighted in some of his comments, we're 200 basis points more efficient today than what we've been in a long time. And we wouldn’t have been able to do that without the really hard work and diligence that our field teams have put into making our home building operations more efficient. So, a lot of good work behind this. As far as where we go in the future, it's really going to be around the volume growth. And so, part of what you heard from me in my prepared remarks was around our opportunity to increase revenue and grow or near to grow market share within the footprints that we currently operate in. That's where I think we can probably get some of our biggest gains. Certainly, we're always looking for opportunities to do things faster better smarter and we'll do that. But I think the majority just come from revenue growth.
Ryan Marshall: I think the opportunity is huge and some of that we have already taken advantage of. The efficiency that we have got on the marketing spend side is been extraordinary. We haven’t talked about it as explicitly as probably what we could have or should have. But the improvement in what we spend as a percentage of revenue on our marketing dollar from just five years ago versus today is a night and day difference. We've spent significant amount of money on our websites and the way that we communicate with and market to consumers. It's helping us spend the last drive more targeted traffic that converts at a higher rate and not all works into a lead, the pros spec and prospect to sale conversion ratios that are significantly improved and more efficient. Our marketing teams have done an extraordinary job in making that happen. On the systems side, we continue to invest a lot of money to make our systems more efficient. Helping us understand our cost better, communicate with our trades in a more efficient way and the really pull waste if you will out of the production system. There is a number of new technology platforms that we're dabbling with, that interface with and disintermediate with the sales side that I think have the opportunity to take some cost out were certainly those technologies are early in their development. We're testing some of them and we'll see where that ultimately goes. And then we're doing a lot of testing right now with virtual reality which is another thing that is showing early, strong early returns in our ability to help the customer ultimately envision what their end products going to look like. So, I think the industry is right for innovation. It's something that we're focused on, we're putting investments into and we'll see where it goes.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. It's we're in the process of rebuilding that building. It's already well underway and the build time on that building is about a year. So, it will be that building will be rebuilt and delivered toward the end of this year early 2019.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. We've not historically provided a target. We've talked about it. I think, given the size of the repurchase efforts over the last couple of years, it didn’t make sense to set targets because of the magnitude and we didn’t know where the equity price would be. As we've said before, we'll think about that and probably give you some color, my guess is that later this year.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. This is Ryan, I'll take that one. And I think where I'd want to start with this is first we highlighted that our margins are expected to be 23 to 23.5 for all of 2018. That margin's likely still among the highest in the space and I don’t think we should gloss over that fact. So, it is slightly lower than where we operated in 2017. Mix change is certainly can drive that but the biggest thing that's driving the change is we're continue doing till you incur lot labor and material costs. We're seeing increases. Not all of that are we able to pass on to the consumer. So, we're going to continue to focus on it. Our expectation is that we're going to continue to enjoy a fairly attractive margin profile in 2018. We need to keep an eye on where the lumber and concrete specifically go given that they're at very high rates at the current time.
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, thanks for the questions. I'll take the first one on specs, I'll have Bob handle the leverage question, other than I'll reiterate the range that we've said we believe is most attractive for us to operate within. But let me start with the spec question and specific to standardization. I'd ask or at least admit that we not confuse standardization and the ability to be more standard and efficient in the operating production cycle with the use of spec. Part of our work with our commonly managed plans with our zone operations, with the lot of the work that we did to drive value engineering and should cost in gains. All of those gains and part of the reason that our margins are where they're at is because of the fact that we are standardized. Certainly we have room to go and room to improve but we don’t believe we have to use speculative inventory to take advantages of those gains. As far as the adjusted cap range we've said for the last 3+ years that our optimal range is to operate within a 30% to 40% band. We have talked fairly openly that because of the very large share repurchase in 2016 and '17 combined that we are going to naturally accrete slightly higher than 40% but we would give guidance's to when we would come back within that range which we expect to do in 2018 through the normal course of operation. So, I'll let Bob pick it up from here and share a little bit more.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Stephen, good morning. This is Ryan. Let me start with your first question around the active adult floor plans. And where I would take you back is the beginnings of some of the work that we did around our 12 step process back in 2012. One of the very first product lines that we attacked through our 12 step process and our consumer validation and all of the research that we did was with that active adult floor plan line up. It also happens to be the line-up that we get the most leverage out of throughout the entire country because we're able to use those floor plans in a very high percentage of our active adult communities. One of the things that we said with our focus on the consumer and getting feedback from consumers as they change what they want and how they live is that we would update those product lines very similar to the way I think you see the auto manufactures do. There are changes to designs and the features as technology improves, as the consumers desires change and that's exactly what you're seeing, that's to do with this active adult floor plan. We're really excited about it. And we have the communities that we can readily deploy these new and improved floor plans into. So, I think it’s part of our process. It's opposed to saying that its demand or there's something else that's driving it or the competitive environment. It's part of the strategy that we laid out and we think that we're going to like the results that we get from it. And then, as far as part two of the question.
Ryan Marshall: Entry level, sorry I was I drew blank there, Stephen. As far as entry level goes, we're running the playbook and the strategy that I laid out about 18 months ago that we would start to see a shift of some of our investment in move up go in two entry level. As we sit in the land committee and we see the transactions that are coming through, we're seeing it. We've said that it wasn’t going to be a dramatic overnight shift but you would see it slowly start to filter into our business as we appropriately index to what the market demand was in the individual market that we operate within. So, we like where we're going, I think we're already seeing more of that business in 2018. And I think by 2019 and beyond you would see this be for the most part right size to where we want to be.
