Richard J. Dugas: David, it's Richard. I'd say it's some of both. Primarily as our model continues to get more efficient, we have a lot of confidence that we can drive excellent returns as we have with our land investment. And frankly, we've been increasing our appetite for land acquisition steadily over the past 18 to 24 months. So it's a little bit of both. Some additional opportunities, but primarily, I would say the confidence we have in our ability to find excellent transactions. And I'll just point out that we are absolutely not wavering from our disciplined criteria that we've had now for 3 years to generate the best returns on the land spend that we put out there.
Richard J. Dugas: No, listen, we've been reasonably pleased with what's happening in the entry level. And frankly, we're pleased with our sales results and our pricing across the board. With regard to Centex specifically, I think that brand, along with our others, are benefiting from the combination of pushing options, pushing lot premiums. All the components, obviously, that buyer doesn't have as much money as the move-up or Del Webb buyer to drive price. But overall, yes, we saw some impact from the rate change that we saw during the year. But I'll highlight, David, that things seemed to really begin to shift in December. I referenced in my remarks that December was equivalent to November, and we like what we're seeing so far in January. So we're optimistic about Centex and the rest of our portfolio heading into '14.
Richard J. Dugas: Eli, Richard here. One additional add-on, as Bob indicated, it's a lot of things. And one thing I'd reference, in his prepared remarks, Bob indicated that lot premiums and option margins were up, both sequentially and year-over-year. So we continue to be able to eke out gains in several different areas, the Common Plan Management, the pricing strategies, all of it is benefiting an exceptional margin performance in Q4.
Richard J. Dugas: Listen, I can't give you predictions in terms of details. I'll tell you this. It feels like in December, buyers started to get more comfortable with the increased rate environment. And we were very pleased that December was flat with November, which historically doesn't happen in this business. And January has gotten off to a good start. I'll leave it at that.
Richard J. Dugas: I can help with that. Ivy, this is Richard. With regard to margins, something that you might be interested in is margins on transactions that we have underwritten over the past couple of years continue to exceed margins on our legacy land bank. And we continue to be pleased with that. We believe this is a result of a lot of the efficiency that we're driving in the business through Common Plan Management and our pricing strategies that is causing that. In terms of where margin sort of go from here, as Bob indicated, we believe we have room to go in 2014. We'll have to see how it all plays out. But given the visibility we have for the first couple of quarters, we're optimistic.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Ivy, on the active adult side, we have noted some strength in active adult particularly in January in the markets that we have quite a bit of active adult activity. It's been an area of strength, maybe notable strength for the company thus far. I believe that, that buyer group continues to slowly but surely improve, which is typically what we'd see in a housing recovery. They tend to be a lagger. But starting last year and certainly into the first few weeks of this year, we've definitely seen some strength in Del Webb.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. So, Stephen, a couple -- to clarify a couple of things. The $2 billion in authorized land spend is going to impact 2015 and 2016, not '14, in terms of deliveries. We expect that our common plans will represent about 40% of closings this year, building toward our long-term goal of 70-plus percent, as Bob indicated. Having said all that, we are going to have a continued mix shift during the year toward Pulte away from Centex. And Bob had indicated that's as a result of the underwriting and investment that we made over the past 12 to 18 months. So yes, there'll be a continued mix shift this year into Pulte, but the incremental land spend will benefit volumes and community count and all that in later periods beyond '14.
Richard J. Dugas: Mike, I think Bob indicated that we thought that it could be consistent with in that range based on the backlog that we see. He also mentioned quarter-to-quarter variation. Margins are not certainly going to move in a straight line all the time, but we like our overall position. And frankly, the deleveraging that we've done, all the work we've done on common plans, all the work we've done on pricing, we expect to continue to benefit us collectively. And that's the way we're looking at it, is what's the actual margin we deliver.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Ken, I'll just point out that we're 4 weeks into the year. What I will tell you, though, is that there was a noticeable shift in the market in December. Normally, you wouldn't see seasonal momentum begin building until late January, and we saw it building a little bit earlier this year. And I believe it's because buyers became a little bit more comfortable with the rate environment that kind of shocked them in the third and early parts of the fourth quarter and realized that the housing market is still very attractive. So it's hard to predict exactly what the spring selling season is going to bring. But at this point, we believe it's going to be a good one.
Richard J. Dugas: Ken, you're exactly right. The buyer profile is changing. We're seeing more and more working buyers in Del Webb, and we're pleased with the activity that we're seeing in Del Webb. And part of our strategy as a result of the trends we're seeing is to decrease the size of our future investment in Del Webb communities. We'd love the demographic, and we actually are in the middle of a significant study right now on how to really capitalize even further on that changing demographic. We'll have more to say about that as our plans evolve over time. But yes, the Del Webb buyer is changing, and we're keeping up with them. And we like what we see because we believe a combination of smaller Del Webb communities going forward that, frankly, don't provide as much land risk over time is a good thing. And they can be very return-friendly communities from what we've seen. So we like the position we have, and we're optimistic about that category.
Richard J. Dugas: Nishu, there's absolutely no restriction on our ability to grow. It's going to be a function of the investment that we put into the business. What I will tell you is that the $1.3 billion we invested this year was a 30% improvement over prior year, and the $2 billion that we are targeting to invest this year is almost a 50% improvement on that $1.3 billion. Any way you slice it, that's a lot of growth that we're anticipating going forward. Having said that, our focus is on return. And every single community, we're going to do the best we can to maximize return, whether that's driving pace or price. And frankly, all the return on invested capital metrics that I look at, we are now right around second place in the industry, behind NVR who obviously has a lot lower overall capital base in terms of land than anybody else. So we're extremely pleased, and we believe investors over the long run are going to benefit from that strategy over the cycle. So we are interested in growing. We want to grow based on the market opportunity that we see. We just don't want to be exclusively focused on growth like we were in the past and make the mistakes that we made in the past. And we're not going to do that.
Richard J. Dugas: Adam, we're not going to get into commentary on that. I will say that volume will ultimately follow the investment to some degree, and then the rest of it, of course, is up to the macro environment and then our individual strategy by community. So we'll let you model what your model will produce, but we're not going to comment on specifics there.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Adam, we haven't given any color or commentary around our buying patterns and will not be on our stock. As it relates to smaller builders, we've certainly see everything that's out in the market. We've got contacts, and people recognize we have the balance sheet to do it. We haven't seen any to this point that were attractive to us for a variety of reasons. But certainly, nothing stopping us from doing it.
Richard J. Dugas: I'll answer it this way. The total price lift that we had in the market in 2013, I think, was unique and special. Yes, I would say the range that you mentioned would be a realistic macro forecast. But listen, who knows exactly what's going to unfold here. We'll have to see.
Richard J. Dugas: No, there weren't. No, we were happy with our spend levels, and our closing volumes came in where we expected.
Richard J. Dugas: Mike, there was some of that clearly in the gross number. But I think more of it, frankly, is we don't have a spec model anymore, and our ability to convert a lot of spec units to drop to the bottom line is a lot less than it was in the past, and the consistency with which we're running the business year-over-year is a whole lot different. So I'd suspect it might have been as much the revenue conversion as the absolute SG&A levels. But in terms of actual spend, your compensation expense was up a little bit based on a good year. And Bob had indicated we did some investment for our Common Plan Management work, some IT investment, things like that. But my guess is most of it was the change in conversion based on the fact that we're a presale builder today.
Richard J. Dugas: Listen, with regard to January trends, we're not going to comment on the detail there. The seasonal build is sort of what we referenced, and we'll kind of leave it at that.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, as we've talked about, not a significant change in spend other than the fact we will continue to invest. We obviously have cost pressures on wages. We have normal merit increases. So you're probably there plus some.
Richard J. Dugas: Buck, we definitely would consider that and continue to look at the opportunities that get presented to us. As Bob indicated, with the firepower that we have, we get to look at everything. And we would underwrite it very similarly to a raw land transaction. We'd look at the IRR characteristics, the risk involved and the number of lots undertaken, et cetera. And we'll continue to look at those very opportunistically just like we would raw land.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, I think we've commented on this in -- when it got asked in the past, and it's a very small percentage, certainly under 5%, maybe 3% or 2%. So I would tell you that to this point, that has proven to be true.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, I think that question just got asked but a little differently. So essentially, we did have a reserve last quarter. The way the accounting works is we were -- the GAAP tells you that when we book the adjustment in the third quarter, we projected what we would utilize in the fourth quarter. So we used about $73 million during the fourth quarter for fourth quarter earnings, and we have about $157 million left on the books at the end of the year.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: All right. So margins in 2014, we believe year-over-year, we have room to improve obviously from the margin that we had for full year of '13. As we look at our backlog, we've got visibility into -- essentially the first 2 quarters and think we've got room there. We benefit from not only improved efficiency and construction but also from a reduction in our capitalized interest because of the deleveraging we've done. In terms of breaking down the margin specifically between mix, it is a challenge for us to do that because there's a lot of moving pieces. Obviously, the change in our business towards our higher-margin -- sorry, Pulte and Del Webb is the benefit. The good news is that consistent with recent quarters, the margin improvement we've seen has been across all 3 brands. So it really is underlying improvement in the operations, not just mix shift, that's increasing our margin.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. So as to underwriting standards, we do not assume price appreciation in our underwriting. So we do use current pricing but don't project forward. And I forgot the first question.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Sure. So what we saw during the quarter in terms of absorptions was off 12% for Pulte and, like we said, roughly flat for Centex and Del Webb. So I'm not sure if there's more you wanted.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, I think it depends. Interestingly for -- even the entry-level land that we see today, a lot of it is raw. So the hold period isn't distinctly different. The Del Webb is a little bit different because typically, they are longer-lived communities, whether it's 1,000 or 2,000 lots, so it takes longer. So typically, we'll have more development profit in that, and so yes, you would expect to see higher gross margins. And historically, that has certainly been the case. The Del Webb brand does represent our highest margin in the mix.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: And one point of clarity on that. In terms of the land spend, if you remember last year, we've told you that roughly 2/3 of our spend was development and a 1/3 third was land acquisition. What we saw in the fourth quarter, on the $360-ish million, there's roughly 40% land, 60% development. Out into '14, we think that, that actually moves even closer, so it's about 45% on land and 55% on development. So you've got a little bit -- you need to understand what's happening in the cash spend. It's not all on dirt. It is also the development dollars that we'll spend on the things that we have acquired over the last 12 to 18 months.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. And on leverage, we had approximately $570 million in SG&A this year, what is that 10.3% of revenue. We've talked in the past about a lot of that spend being relatively fixed -- our commissions are in SG&A. So going forward, we highlighted for you in the fourth quarter that some of our spend was related to people and processes we're putting in for the Common Plan Management. We'll see that in '14 as well. So I think you would expect us to probably put a little bit of cost in to try and continue that effort. Then leverage would be depending on what you think volume is going to be.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, I think, obviously, as we look at fiscal '14, we see an absolute ability to see margin improvement because of the scaling up that we saw during the year. Our margins grew quarter-by-quarter in '13, and our backlog is relatively consistent with the business environment that we saw during the back half of '13. Obviously, there was a little bit of relative weakness in the fourth quarter given all the noise around interest rates, et cetera. But again, looking at it, we think that we can continue to drive margins on a core basis, consistent with what we saw in the back half of this year, especially as we roll out the commonly managed plan. And then obviously, we get the benefit of lower interest amortization. For perspective, roughly $50 million, if you look at fiscal '13 volumes, that's about a point of margin.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: I was going to say not a dramatically different number of openings. We had probably more closings in fiscal '13. And we do not have a significant number of previously unopened communities opening. So no -- not a big mothballed community count.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, Steven, that is exactly what I said. Our capitalized interest expense will be in the neighborhood of $50 million lower in 2014 than it was in 2013. The point I was making about the 100 basis points is if you applied that $50 million reduction to our '13 business, it was about 100 basis points. Obviously, what it would mean in '14 would be dependent on what you think our volume will be.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Okay. Total homes under construction were 4,874 at the end of the quarter. 1,151 of those were spec, so 24%. And total sticks and bricks were $525 million at the end of the quarter.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. As we talked about, obviously, our spend is relatively fixed because we don't have the commission and SG&A. We did highlight that we will likely continue to spend a little bit of money to do the Common Plan Management. And consistent with what we've said in the past, the growth of SG&A spend will be dependent on how we grow the business. And so if we do it through a huge increase in community count, you have costs associated with opening new communities versus if you get pace increases inside the business. So if the Del Webb brand were to expand dramatically, we don't need to spend much of any overhead to make that happen because it's really just hiring 1 or 2 more people to manage the process. So again, we're pretty comfortable with the spend. We're investing a little bit in the improvement processes. If we were to rapidly expand our footprint, you might see us spend some more money.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, certainly we take everything into consideration. If you look at what we prepared in the webcast slides, the volume came down during the fourth quarter, but it was still at a relatively high level consistent with earlier in the year. We look at payments that we have made. You can see or you will be able to see in our filings that our reserve balance went down by virtue of making some payments. Those payments were consistent with what we had accrued. We certainly pay attention to what the FHFA is saying about when they think they'll be done with their review of files. So on balance, when we look at it, and we do every quarter, we didn't see anything that would tell us that the accrual we have is incorrect.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, we're not dialing up incentives for active adult. That buyer is, frankly, not very price-sensitive. We like that category, and as I indicated, we like the trends we see building so far this year there.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: No limitations that we're aware of, so that -- which is the reason we reversed essentially all of the reserve. The cash utilization of that will be predicated on earnings.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: The developed lots ready to go that we own are 23,245. And then we also have developed lots optioned, 5,124.
