Robert Shaughnessy: Sure, Mike, it's Bob. I'll deal with the losses issue first. We have not had any update to that. So again, we were never named as a party to that suit. We were made aware that it exists. I'm not aware of any progress on it, and so I would say we're in the same position we were 3 months ago. With respect to the mortgage put-back requests, I think it's hard to say. I think you would see in the marketplace that everybody has said we are seeing an increase in these sorts of things. I think we're not an outlier in that, obviously. As you can see on the chart, they've spiked up sort of post-June of this year, and they have been trending in a range a little bit above 100. It trended down towards the end of the year. We're not getting any feedback from the folks that are asking us for these to say, a, that they are close to the end. It's just we've identified more and here you go. We don't see a change in the pattern of them. We've talked about before that the vast majority related to 2006, 2007; that continues to be true. We continue to be able to identify things that we can refute or cure these with at rates that are consistent. We haven't seen a significant change in the severity, so really it's just more of the same. And so when you look at the accounting we did, it really reflects 2 things. One is because we've seen this continue on, if you remember back in June when we talked about this, we said, "Look, we've dialed it out another year because we don't see anything suggesting that it might stop in the terms that we thought it would." Six months later, we're looking at it. And again, at a slightly higher level, we don't see it slowing down, so we thought it prudent to take it out another year. And then again, while we were doing that, we adjusted for the different variables again, incident rate, our ability to refute it, the severity of the claim. So if you look at where we are today, I think absent changes in the amount of requests that we get or the severity of them, if we just went out another year, we think it would be about $20 million to $25 million. And that compares to an increase for a year back in June, which we said we thought was about $19 million. So again, we're not seeing a huge change in the behavior, just a little bit more of it and more time.
Robert Shaughnessy: Sure, the DTA, I think I'm right about this, nobody has reversed any yet. And some people are further along in the profit profile than we are. We've had some dialogue, and there are competing views, can you record it when you've got 2 years of profitability and a view towards profitability? In the third year, do you need profitability for 3 years? I think that will work itself out, and I think as we mentioned in the past, we won't be the first person online on that and typically on an issue this significant, there'll be a cadence to get set up. So I think we'll have to see how that plays out. The other thing again, just to make sure everybody remembers this, the significance of our deferred tax asset puts us in a position that when we are able to reverse some of the reserves, it is unlikely that we'll be able to reverse all of the reserves. So we'll have to look forward and understand what view towards profitability in the future we have, and how much of it can be it realized. So I think for us, rather than an all at one time, we'll get the entire deferred tax asset reserve reversed, it will be in pieces.
Robert Shaughnessy: Yes. So we are at 700 for the end of the year. Our expectation is that it will actually decline between 5% and 10% during 2012. Again, what we are focused on is operational efficiencies so we're trying to make sure that the initiatives we have underway -- we've talked about should costing, value engineering, running common plan management through the business. We're trying to get that, a foothold of that in the business, rather than expanding footprint. So again, as Richard said, margin versus pace, but we are still, obviously, active in the market. As we talked about, 2,800 lots. 80% of those or thereabouts are finished lots, as Richard mentioned, predominantly light, so they are option take, so these are things we'll be able to get our hands on relatively quickly and then vertical pretty quickly after that. So again, we will be -- we are an acquirer of land, but for 2012, again about a 5% to 10% decline in community count.
Robert Shaughnessy: Paces are up in our communities about 11% versus the third quarter. They're up about 9% versus the fourth quarter of last year. We are seeing pace increases really across the board in all the communities. Our closings are relatively consistent in terms of relative contributions from brand. We talked about the fact that other than the shift from first time, to move up the first-time buyer has been a little bit challenged. So our Centex community count is down a little bit. Those are some of the older communities that are closing, but I don't see a dramatic shift other than that.
Robert Shaughnessy: And as to SG&A, again, we had given guidance back after we had announced the restructures that we had done in the neighborhood of $475 million. We continue to feel comfortable in that range. So again, we've talked about obviously, people and marketing, as a lot of our cost, it's adjustable over time. But we don't have any initiatives underway. We are pretty comfortable. If we saw a change in the business, we would obviously rebalance the SG&A expense to reflect that.
Robert Shaughnessy: Yes, so the FICO scores, as we've talked about in our mortgage operations, FICO scores have been hovering right around 750 for the better part of 2 years. Again, our buyer's a little bit different maybe than the general population because with the active adult, they typically have better credit scores, but even with that, in the last year, our mortgage operation's roughly 20% that the people who have been approved for a mortgage are below 700; fully 40% are below the 750. And interestingly, if you think about the FHA market, which is roughly 30% of our originations, they don't have a requirement to increase their down payment above the 3.5%, unless their credit score's actually below 580. So there is obviously some availability, and it's not that they have to write a much bigger equity check until they get a little bit lower on the credit profile.
Robert Shaughnessy: Okay, well, there's a lot there. So to your first question, in terms of land and the profit, I don't think that, that's an indicator as to anything prospectively. A couple of things to consider. Again, these are some properties that have been around for a while. They are pretty far out in the future. They may have been acquired in the Centex acquisition, so there may have been some purchase accounting around them. And so I would suggest that, that's not indicative of future transactions. The other thing is the process we follow is when we approve a transaction for sale, if there's a loss, we book it at the time of approval. And so when we actually close transactions, we're not going to book losses, but if we have a gain on a transaction that we approve, we have to defer that until we close. So at the -- by the time we actually close a transaction, we're actually going to only book gains. So if you look at what happened in the fourth quarter, we had $16 million on the transactions that closed, but we mentioned that there were $10 million in losses on properties that we approved for sale. So these things, depending on when closings take place, you get kind of lumpy income statements versus the cash that happens. With respect to the 2,800 lots, we put those -- we put 2,800 under control, so we've approved those. We haven't bought all of them yet. And so in terms of the returns on those, I would -- we don't give particulars on that, but I would tell you they are north of the 21% threshold that we have used in the past. I don't know, Richard, if you wanted to add anything.
Robert Shaughnessy: I think it's a relatively small percentage. Again, this won't be a seismic shift in the land position in the short term. Again, $64 million in this quarter. As I mentioned, we have approved other transactions that will close over the next, in some cases, 18 months depending on development requirements, so it's really -- I would call it pruning rather than chopping.
Robert Shaughnessy: So there's $3 million of the cap interest in that $11 million number. So if you just take a look at the non-cap interest, that's the number you're seeing in the table.
Robert Shaughnessy: The one thing I'll mention, maybe to help you a little bit, is just to entertain what that mix shift means. If you take a look at our mix this quarter, about 40% of our closings were kind of move-up oriented. That compared to 30% last year, and that's just strictly coming from the Centex side. So we had about 30% in this quarter versus 40% last year's quarter.
Robert Shaughnessy: ] Incentives sequentially were consistent, right around 6%. Not sure what you've done with cap interest. There was a pretty big increase on a relative basis, Q3 versus Q4 this year in what ran through the income statement for CapEx, so my guess is that's what you're seeing.
Robert Shaughnessy: No issues there. That is actually seasonal and just the process that they're using. We've actually seen that clear already.
Robert Shaughnessy: I think it will go down or stay even. So it depends on our debt level at that point. It's how much is actually being capitalized each year. Again, the $16-ish million decrease in cash spend next year, some of it will benefit next year in the amortization off. The rest of it would impact '13 and '14. So again, it will -- it's not linear, so we don't get a dollar-for-dollar reduction if we reduce cash interest expense. The income statement follows on a lagging basis. But again, based on where we are, it should go down.
Robert Shaughnessy: Yes, the G&A improvement is largely, because I think Bob indicated in the script, the result of some actions we took in Q2 of '11. And we're getting the flow-through benefits of that now and expect it to continue.
Robert Shaughnessy: Just to add on to it. It's always really been a technical issue, so this is a strict rep and warranty-type contractual item. So it's -- I'm not sure what you mean by technical, but I would tell you it's always been technical.
Richard J. Dugas: Nishu, it doesn't have a lot to do with our change in the outlook for the market. It has to do with us thinking we need to be more rigorous on how we manage the overall portfolio for the company. Specifically, as you, I think, are aware, we used to have a 21% IRR hurdle for all land projects. We've now adjusted that and made it risk based. So a longer land project with more risk is going to have to meet a much higher return threshold and one that's a finished lot purchase that's significantly less risk would be closer to, let's say, 21% versus maybe 30% plus in threshold. All of that is with a view toward driving better ROIC. I don't think it's news to anyone that we have too much land given the market today, so we're looking to enhance our portfolio by ensuring that future land takedowns are met with a more rigorous hurdle assessment, like I just mentioned. In addition to that, we're taking some action on existing land parcels that we can't get to for 5, 6, 7 years and choosing to sell some of those and redeploy that capital into better areas. So overall, we want to bring our land supply into better balance, and we're pleased with the progress we've made. Bob, I don't know if you'd like to add anything to that.
Richard J. Dugas: I don't think the strategy in terms of rebalancing would have a whole lot to do with the mix by brand, which I think is what you're referring to. It's more specific by geography, Nishu. So as an example, if we have a very long land position in a given market, such as Florida, that might be an area where if we have projects that have a 10-year life, we might be willing to sell off pieces that are in years 6, 7 and 8, whereas in a market that we're fairly light on land and need investment, such as say, Charlotte, we might be in the market to purchase. So that's an example of kind of the rebalancing overall, but it's not specific to one brand for our business.
Richard J. Dugas: So Ivy, I'll take the first piece and then throw it to Bob on the DTA. On the margin side, we are seeing better margins from new communities that are beginning to flow through. And that's in the range, I would say, of a couple hundred basis points in general better than some of the legacy positions that we're closing out of. It's also helpful, frankly, that some of the legacy positions we're closing out of were not our strongest performers. In some cases, the delta can be greater than that. Also, the excitement for us internally, and I don't know if everybody caught this on the call, is that we don't feel that a lot of the margin improvement we saw in 2011 was really a result of the operating efficiency things that we've been working on, such as pricing strategies and value engineering and should costing, but that should begin to flow through in 2012. So we expect better margin performance from here, not just as a result of mix or a new land portfolio, which was primarily driving it in '11, but more from the things we've been working that take a little time to flow through. So with that, Bob maybe you can handle DTA.
Richard J. Dugas: Dan, this is Richard. Frankly, no. And I candidly think this primarily has to do with the strength of our land positions in Florida, particularly as you look at our South Florida business, which is pretty large. We've got some terrific communities in, particularly, Southwest Florida, and we're doing extremely well in that market. We're also seeing some strength in Orlando, couple of communities in Tampa as well. But I don't get the sense in talking to our operators, and I've been out quite a bit lately, that, that's a real concern. I do think some of it has to do with company-specific position, so as an example, we don't seem to be competing a lot with the entry level market in Florida. A lot of it's move-up and active adult, which we're seeing strength today.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I guess, I just want to be clear. I think our margin improvement in 2011 was certainly benefited from an improving mix, particularly toward move-up. We benefited from new communities coming online, things like that. In '12, we think it's going to be more specifically the results that we've been working on so hard around new pricing strategies. Frankly, a lot of value engineering and should costing. We’re opening new communities or redoing existing communities with product that's more efficient. It should be driving better margins, et cetera. As it relates to land purchases going forward, we are being very disciplined and candidly not extending ourselves into land positions that we're concerned or could be concerned about. They're A-plus positions. They typically have low risk. Since we instituted this new risk-adjusted profile back in the early to middle part of last year, we've seen a shift in the way projects are coming in for approval. And they're typically lighter takedowns. They're typically higher returns with a little better adjustment, frankly, versus the longer land positions that we've had. So as it relates to whether that's infill or not, specifically, I can't comment on that as much as I would say, I believe we're buying A properties or A-plus properties or not going out to marginal areas.
Richard J. Dugas: David, this is Richard. Let me start on this, and then I'll go to Bob. I just want to be clear with everyone. Right now, at the state this company is in, margin expansion is more important than pace than driving improved returns. And we have been very, very disciplined and continue to remain disciplined for the near term on that before we begin to expand dramatically. So with that backdrop, I just want to be clear about that. Maybe Bob can speak a little more toward count.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. David, Richard here. The pickup in traffic and what we've seen to start the year is fairly across-the-board. Most markets, most segments across, so I'd say kind of everybody seems to be benefiting a little bit from a little bit of optimism here as it relates to more specifics. I don't know, Bob, if you have any detail.
Richard J. Dugas: Ivy, this is Richard. I'll start, and then Bob's got some detail. First of all, you're right, mortgage availability is tight. Frankly, it's been tight for a while and it doesn't appear to have had a significant change, say, over the last 6 months or so. Having said that, I would suggest there's significant opportunity for business to improve even without underwriting getting better as confidence comes back and buyers step into the market overall. It would certainly help things if conditions weren't quite this tight in terms of underwriting standards, but it does not appear that the efforts of the industry or others have made much of a dent in underwriting or appraisal standards yet. So having said that, our belief is that business could improve and should be able to improve with confidence coming back without underwriting getting better. Bob's got some detail for you on FICOs.
Richard J. Dugas: No, I just -- I also wanted to say that on the first question, Steve, regarding the land sales, the primary reason for selling land is not necessarily to drive a gain overall. It's to drive our land balance to a more appropriate mix, particularly in a given market, as we look to deploy any cash into better returning communities. So we may have some gains, we may have some losses. As Bob indicated, it kind of netted out to about a $6 million positive this quarter. That's just that way the numbers fell.
Richard J. Dugas: Joshua, this is Richard. It's going to be difficult for us to make money in Q1, given the seasonality of the business overall. We certainly would expect to be profitable for the year. And with regard to margins, we're not going to give quarter-by-quarter guidance. Just to reemphasize that for the year, we would expect to see margin growth from 2011.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Joshua, just to add to that, I think it's kind of summarized in a number of the comments we've heard from people. The goal for us is better returns. It's not kind of growth at all costs. So that's our view with regard to all of these capital-related actions.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, so there's $24 million. $11 million of that is recorded in home sale cost of revenues. $10 million is in land sale cost of sales and $3 million is in other income and expenses.
Richard J. Dugas: We typically haven't broken it down. Mix is a hard thing to really look at, because -- and I know this is going to sound like a nonanswer. But part of this is again, we've talked about the fact that there's more move-up business, so that's part of the margin equation. We've talked about that fact that some of the older communities are closing out, new ones coming on. That's actually part of the shift from first time to move up. So again, we've not tried to narrow it down to say how much of it specifically is community-based versus how much is segment-based.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Bob, I'm sorry we can't give you specifics on that at this point. I would just suggest to go back to a point we made earlier that the gains you saw in '11 were primarily a result of kind of the capital decisions we had made in the way that mix and new investments flowed through. Not a lot of that was driven by the value engineering, should costing, new pricing strategies, et cetera. So stay tuned on that. We prefer to be a show-me world versus prediction at this point.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, that's why when we give you the adjusted gross margin number, we were up sequentially from Q3 to Q4. The 10 basis points, but that takes out any cap interest impact.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Jay, we have not counted on a whole lot of that in terms of our thinking, because candidly, since it's out of our control. And kind of the same thing goes for what the President is discussing right now, including expanding the HART program, et cetera. So don't have a whole lot there. My guess is while a number of those things are going to be nice attempts, it appears that they are going to take a little bit of time to have an impact. So we don't know at this point.
Richard J. Dugas: Alex, this is Richard. It's hard to quantify specifically the impact of that, because I think there's perhaps a little bit of that phenomenon, but also you've got people who have not had qualification problems, who have just chosen for quite a long time to rent or to live with a sibling or friend. And with the preponderance of press out there now about how good a time it is to buy, how low rates are, the increasing cost to rent, you're pushing people toward the ownership side of the equation a little more than you were. So very difficult to give a specific answer to what you're saying. I think it's a little bit of all of that, that is beginning to show some seeds of improvement.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, we certainly built out a lot of smaller Centex communities, frankly at a rate faster than the replacements have been coming online. But we're very excited about the entry level brand. As a matter fact, one of the value engineering initiatives we have underway right now represents some new product alternatives for that first-time buyer that we're going to be opening up in a number of markets early this year overall. So you're right. The community count for Centex has fallen. That's just as a result of kind of the runoff of a lot of smaller Centex communities faster than the replacement, because the majority of our recent investments has been for the move-up brand. But we're excited about the future for the entry level, and we'll look forward to commenting on that in the future.
Richard J. Dugas: We've talked about this, I think it was in Q2. We are, today, expensing -- 2011, we expensed about $185 million against the cash spend of about $220 million. Our expectation is that for 2012, that expense will move up to about $220 million. And at the time, we said that would be consistent with our cash spend. Based on the repurchases of the debt that we got through in the fourth quarter, our cash spend will be a little bit less now, it's down about $16 million, so closer to $200 million. But again, next year, you'll see relative to 2011, about a $35 million, $37 million increase through our cost of sale line for cap interest amortization.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I think that -- I don't -- I would say marginal at best. Yes, these are -- this community count, I mean we're not talking large communities with significant amount of fixed cost related to them. So most of our SG&A is other -- for other reasons.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Jack, for us, a good a bit of it is active adult. As an example, our Southwest Florida business is largely active adult purchases, and a lot of it is snowbird. Some Canadian buyers, some foreign buyers from Germany and other places. And frankly, it appears the seasonal trade, if you will there, the second-home purchases and the move down, our retiree purchases really started last winter, a year ago. And it's continued through 2011, and we're seeing a pretty strong season so far there this year. So that's the anecdotal comments I'll provide overall.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, again, I think we commented on that. We don't see a change necessarily in the types of things that are coming to us, nor for the periods that they relate to. So I wouldn't necessarily agree with that there's some technical aspect to this. I think the counterparties are reviewing loan documents. And if they believe there was an error or omission in the rep and warranty, they ask us to repurchase or make whole. Obviously, we do everything we can to either cure what they think the issue is or refute it for a variety of reasons. But I don't think that there's a change in sort of the way they're behaving.
