Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. For all the financial success that we realized in 2022, I can tell you it was a hard year to navigate. When the year started out, we had almost unlimited demand, but supply chain disruptions resulted in countless bottlenecks and extended build cycles. As the year progressed and rising interest rates push more and more consumers to the sidelines, we initiated a series of operational changes as we quickly adapted to the more competitive market conditions. If there is a silver lining in today's challenging demand environment, I think we have what can be viewed as favorable supply -- as a favorable supply dynamic. Recent figures from the National Association of Relators show the inventory of existing homes for sale at 970,000, or only 2.9 months of supply. Existing homes are our industry's biggest source of competition, so such limited supply is certainly advantageous. As we sit here today, I’m incrementally more optimistic about the year ahead, but as the expression goes, hope for the best, but prepare for the worst. I think what we’ve done -- well, I think that we’ve done that in terms of how we've setup our business. We head into 2023 with enough units in production to meet demand and with production plans will allow us to continue turning assets. At the same time, we don't have an excess of spec homes in the system that will cause incremental self-inflicted pressures. We are in a strong competitive position within the markets that we serve. We are typically among the biggest builders in our markets, and our ability to serve all price points provides opportunities with land sellers and municipalities. And finally, we are in exceptional financial position with plenty of liquidity, no debt maturities for 3 years and expectations for another year of strong cash flow. There are opportunities to be seized upon even in challenging market conditions. When the time comes, PulteGroup will have the flexibility to take advantage of those opportunities. I will close by again thanking the entire PulteGroup organization for their work this past year to build outstanding homes and to provide an exceptional customer experience. Let me now turn the call back to Jim Zeumer.
Ryan Marshall: John, the improvement really came across the footprint on a relative basis. Speaking geographically, we continue to see strength in Florida and the Southeast. As Bob just highlighted in the last answer, we continue to see great performance out of the Texas markets. And probably one of the more encouraging signs that we've seen as we started to see our Western markets, Phoenix, Las Vegas, Southern California, Northern California, we started to see those markets come back to life. So kind of broad based improvement across the footprint.
Ryan Marshall: Truman, I think you've highlighted the variables that are out there. And at this point in time, we've given a guide for Q1. And as I mentioned in my comments, that's the extent of kind of what we are going to provide at this point.
Ryan Marshall: Well, Truman, I think, as we've talked about with our land acquisition strategy over the years, we've attempted to stay closer into the core, closer to the job market in some of the retail sectors. We certainly have a sizable first time entry-level buyer business and affordability there matters. So we do have communities that are more in the growth rings and on the -- in the tertiary areas, but I don't believe that our land footprint goes out quite as far as maybe some of our competitors. So what I'd tell you is it kind of depends on -- it's a community-by-community situation that is, as much as anything, from a margin standpoint, dependent on the structure of the land deal. And like, I think, you've heard from us in a lot of situations, we don't underwrite the gross margin, we really focus on underwriting to return. But going back to the question that John asked, we've seen relative strength and improvement in kind of sales across the board, that's not just geographically speaking, but that's community by community as well.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan, thanks for the question. I appreciate it, and I think, for those that have followed us for years, yourself in that category, I think everybody is aware that we've implemented a number of really important kind of changes in the way that we operate our business that has driven higher returns over the housing cycle, and certainly, higher margins have been part of that. Those initiatives have touched everything from the way that we design our homes and communities to how we price and sell homes. And a really big part of it is the quality of the dirt that we're buying. A little bit back to the question that Truman announced a minute ago. And the way that we have evaluated and underwritten risk and the associated requisite returns that we ask for as part of the risk associated with those communities. So I think you're seeing -- I think you're certainly seeing that pay off. We have highlighted on this call, in my prepared remarks, the way that we are going to run the business in this environment, which is a tougher operating environment. And we really feel it's important to turn our inventory to get good flow-through and to sell and define kind of a market clearing price. So while we believe that the operating model that we have is a great one, and we are really reaping the rewards from it, we won't be immune to some of the market pressures that are certainly out there. But we think that we are an efficient homebuilder, and we are going to continue to be very disciplined and prudent in the way that we are making pricing decisions.
Ryan Marshall: Well, Alan, it's going to be tricky, and I will break down a couple of components that we are looking at on the cost side. We've talked a lot about affordability being the biggest challenge that we've had over the last several quarters. And I think affordability is going to continue to be the theme as we move through kind of 2023, not just in housing, but I think in all consumer spending, consumers are feeling the affordability pinch, and it's part of the reason that we've worked so hard to find prices that we believe help to address some of that affordability pinch. With that comes the cost side that you're appropriately highlighting. We have certainly seen and we've gotten very positive reception from our trade partners around the front end of the house as they've started to see a slowdown in new starts and kind of permits pulled. We've been collaborative in talking about what we're seeing and hearing from consumers. And they really -- they've worked to help reduce costs kind of as we've reduced our prices as well. We've seen a lot of progress with lumber. That's certainly a commodity and those things can kind of change. So we'll keep an eye on that. Probably the thing that I would tell you is going to be hardest on the cost side is the labor side of things. And that's the piece that I think will be sticky. Those wage increases have been real, and I think once those wage increases have been provided or given, they're hard to get back. Not impossible, but the material side -- not saying the material side will be easy, but I think we will likely have more success or easier success on the material side than we will labor. So time will tell as the year plays out. As I highlighted in some of my remarks, we've got some really aggressive goals that our procurement teams are working on to reduce overall costs.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, and let me maybe just pick up on the comment you made about the comment I made last quarter about not being margin proud, that's still 100% accurate. And we've tried to reflect that in the way I laid out, we are going to be operating our business, which is to find a market price that will allow us to maintain a predictable and consistent turn of our inventory. It's the way that we can keep this business running efficiently and deliver the high returns that Bob talked about. So while we are -- we would certainly endeavor to do much better from a comparable sales standpoint than what we had in the fourth quarter. I think relative to our peer set, you can see that we are selling homes. And we are going to continue to make sure that we are priced competitively with our market offerings.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. So in real math, our lumber load was down about $10,000 in the deliveries. Q1 will have that benefit in it. That obviously impacts the margin guide that we gave. I think you heard Ryan say that labor is actually likely to be a little bit stickier so we don't really know if we're going to be able to drive those costs down. So -- and Ryan, I think, said it well. Lumber is a commodity. We typically have the pricing of the lumber impact our closings two quarters in the future, right, because when we order then build the house so the pricing we feel in the market, we feel in our income statement two or three quarters later. And that's true for most of our commodity pricing. And I would tell you, other than lumber, it's been an inflationary market, so we've seen pressure on pricing. Again, Ryan talked about labor being a little bit sticky. Obviously, we are working with our trades, and it's how we build, where we build, can we help them be more efficient in order to offer us a better price, and that's what our procurement teams are working on right now. And as we highlighted in the prepared commentary, that process, whatever it yields, will impact our margin profile likely late in '23 or even into early '24 by the time those price changes get negotiated and then start flowing into houses that would close with a 6-month build time, again, two, three quarters from now.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Carl, it's a great question. And as I think you're aware, we are really proud of our Delaware business and what it adds to kind of the overall mix of our portfolio. You highlighted that buyer tends to be probably most reactive, positive and negative, to volatility within the broader market. And there's certainly been a fair amount of kind of volatility lately. That tends to cause that buyer to maybe pause as opposed to stop. On the positive side, you highlighted it's a thin resale inventory market. And so I certainly think that buyer has been able to sell their home. They've been able to sell their home, but I think at pretty good price. And on the buy side, they're not necessarily looking for a mortgage or the mortgage they're looking for is pretty small. So there are some puts and takes. A couple of other things that I'd highlight, relative to the other two buyer groups that we serve, they were -- the active adult was in the middle. They weren't quite as strong as the first-time buyer. Again, I think because they don't have to move, they've got options, they can be a little more patient. They were certainly more strong -- or did better than the move-up buyer, I think, mostly driven by the fact that they're not as rate sensitive. So on balance, Carl, we feel pretty good about the active adult space, kind of all things considered. And I think it will continue to be a strong benefit to the overall enterprise.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Anthony, I think what I would tell you is that it's fluid. And sometimes things that start as kind of discounts off of a price or adjustments to lot premiums, sometimes those are rolled into kind of base price changes or base price reductions. And so the discount gets embedded over time into kind of what the new market price is. So, to Bob's point, we are not going to probably break it out at this point. But you can see, based on the incentive load that I talked about as well as the kind of reduction of base price, we are finding what we think is the market-clearing price to continue to sell homes.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. So in answer to the first question, I think we, on average, been buying 3 to 4 years of land. When you add in development time lines, land is going to be hanging around 4 -- in the neighborhood of 4 years. And so if you think of that, pre-pandemic land would be kind of working its way through the system now. In response to the impairment question, obviously, we do impairment reviews every quarter. We are coming from a pretty strong margin position, but we always look and, for instance, in this most recent quarter, we actually looked at 16communities for impairments and impaired 4 of them for about -- it was about $2 million in costs that flow through the quarter, the other 12 did not. And so I think, absent some real structural shift in the market, I wouldn't anticipate a widespread kind of remark of our book. I think you will continue to see us as we look at this, evaluate communities one by one. And depending on the market conditions for that community, if we are in a position like we were with these four communities in the quarter, we'll adjust.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, we don't -- we've never kind of given that type of kind of inter-quarter trajectory. So we are going to leave it probably where we're at, which is we are optimistic and encouraged, not only based on what we saw things kind of progressed through the fourth quarter, which, as I mentioned, is pretty atypical to see the fourth quarter build strength, but we've certainly seen that strength also continue into January. So cautiously optimistic and rates in that period have certainly been lower. So we think that has contributed. We will see kind of what the Fed does here in the next meeting. But all things considered, the operating environment, which we've -- I think we've talked at [indiscernible] is going to be more difficult. We are pretty pleased with what we are seeing in the sales for [ph].
Ryan Marshall: So, Stephen, let me grab the first piece of that. I will let Bob take the mortgage side. I would tell you rate -- the first, your comment on rate, rate is part of it. What's really driving kind of the sales trajectory right now is affordability, and rate is part of that equation. We've also done things in the way we've repriced, the way we've created incentive loans that have helped so affordability as well. So I think that's a big part of it. I will skip to a couple of things that you said about production. Just to clarify so everybody is on the same page, we've got enough production based on what was already in production, plus what we intend to start that will deliver in this year such that our universe -- our production universe will be big enough such that we'd expect to have enough homes to close, approximately 25,000 homes. So -- and then from a rental -- your rental question, we've targeted -- if you go back to the announcement we made a few years ago that we want to do -- have roughly 7,500 homes over a 5-year period, kind of works out to be about 1,500 homes a year once we get fully kind of ramped up. So fairly small piece of our business, which is kind of how we strategically designed that. And I'll flip it to Bob, and he can talk about the mortgage piece.
Ryan Marshall: Well, Stephen, so there's a lot to unpack there. I will try and touch on as many as I can, and I will ask Bob for a little bit of help here. I'll maybe start with your starts question. We've got 211,000 lots that we control, half of those are owned. We've highlighted with the amount of land that our land spend for the year, which is going to be down substantially from 2022 with the lion's share of kind of what we're going to spend in 2023 be in development. Soon stuff that we've owned and we've purchased and we've underwritten and we're -- and we've got it in the kind of entitlement pipeline, we are going to spend the money to get those communities developed and open. So assuming the market cooperates and we see continued strength, I think that we've got the land pipeline such that we can ramp our production in concert with the consumer behavior. So I feel pretty good about that. And then there are a couple of other pieces there that you asked, Bob, -- maybe help me out here if there is anything that is the answer.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Stephen, that's what I was trying to address with my commentary around land. We have the land pipeline such that we can do it. So really to be dependent on how deep -- how deep is the consumer demand, and can we get the trades back on our job site? It's part of the reason that you've also heard us say that we are going to continue to maintain a level of production that allows us to retain those trades on our job sites. So I think they're linked. It's a hard question to answer because I don't know the answer on when demand is going to return to that level. But suffice it to say, I think we've got a production machine that's capable of delivering that if demand is there.
Ryan Marshall: Well, there's less production overall in the supply chain. So I think we can be more efficient with the labor that's there. And then the biggest issue that contributed to an elongation of cycle times over the last couple of years was impacts to the pandemic. A big part of that was supply chain related. There was also a decent sized piece of it in terms of the work environment, work-from-home, safe work environment, less inspectors in the job sites -- on the job sites, less permit reviewers in municipal offices. I mean it was really a combination of things, but probably the biggest variable that is really -- I don't want to declare victory, but it's probably better than it's been over the last couple of years as the supply chain environment is healing.
Jim Zeumer: Thanks, Ryan. We are now prepared to open the call for questions so we can get through as many questions as possible during the time remaining. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Devin, if you will open it up for questions, we are all set.
Jim Zeumer: [Indiscernible] lots and what we are going to see in Q1, if there would be further decline. I think it was the …
Jim Zeumer: Appreciate everybody's time today. We are certainly around for the remainder of the day if you've got any questions. Otherwise, we look forward to speaking with you on our next call.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes. It's interesting. It depends, and I hate to give you the mix, but geographically, it makes a difference. Obviously, we are going to see stronger performance in markets where we are seeing stronger sales activity, I think the Southeast of Florida, specs out West are a little bit more challenged. So it really does matter where. On balance, we've seen -- interestingly, if you think about our Q4 guide for margins, we outperformed it. Part of that was that geographic mix. We've talked about getting more volume out of Florida which is one of our better margin performances, but also because of the relative strength of spec sales, we did a little bit better on those than we anticipated when we gave the guide.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, I think I understand your question. Hopefully, you appreciate, when we provide commentary on our results, if there are unusual things happening, we tell you about them, whether it's in the form of an adjustment or when we present adjusted data. And to answer your question as directly as I can, there's nothing unusual happening in our margin in the fourth quarter. We are not projecting anything unusual to happen in our margin in the first quarter other than the homes that we are closing. I think if you reflect on the answer that Ryan gave, and I can't comment on the relativity to other people's margins, what they're doing pricing lines, what we're doing pricing wise. We can only comment on what we are doing, which is trying to run a thoughtful business, get to a point where we can offer affordability to the consumer where we can earn a return. So I don't know if that gets where you need to be, but there's nothing unusual happening in our margins.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, hopefully, you can appreciate we -- on our most recent call, had highlighted we would be looking at our overheads to make sure that they are efficient given the scale of the business that we are operating today. We have taken actions on costs, and they are varied by market depending on how that particular market is performing. I think you can and should expect us to always do that, right? I mean we are always looking at it. Are we running an efficient business? As it relates to beyond the first quarter, like everything else, there's -- it's a volatile -- not a volatile, but it's a market in flux. We haven't provided a guide on that. But I can tell you, we will be looking at our overheads as part of -- as we see the business develop, we will develop our plans around overhead spend as well.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: It's interesting, Carl. I don't know that meaningful, but certainly, you heard a couple of things hopefully from us. 60% of our sales have been spec. They are -- our spec inventory is largely in our first-time communities. Our community count, which was up 8% year-over-year, the preponderance of that is in first-time communities. The mix of our lots looking forward is a little bit richer towards first time. So I wouldn't call it a big shift. But yes, I would tell you that first-time has been -- even if you think about the sales paces in the quarter, the decline was the lowest in that first-time space. So that's where the activity is today.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, we haven't. And to the comment that Ryan just made, I think he said it well. Pricing is dynamic in the market, right? And so if you adjust base pricing, it doesn't show as an incentive, it's just a lower sales price. And so on a relative basis, over time, we are in a position where we haven't given a guide on margin. We have given you what the incentive load went to, which was 4.3%, which is almost double, but there were price changes embedded in that, too, right? So all those things factor in, so the guide we've given for Q1 margin reflects everything that we've done to this point, and I think we will leave it there.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes. I guess the good news is, Stephen, we haven't seen a change really in people's ability to qualify, or we haven't seen people not being able to qualify increasing in a disproportionate way because of the rising rates. And I think more often than not, people know what they can spend. They're prequalifying as they go through the process. So over the -- I won't say that I know that versus 2019, but if you look back over the last year or 2 we have seen a pretty consistent cadence of the percentage of people that are canceling contracts because they can't qualify. It has not moved materially with the change in rates.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Well, like anything else, it depends on the demand environment, how many homes we close for lots, as an example, part of it will be things that are under option today. Are we able to negotiate? If we so desire a deferral of that. So it's hard to give you an answer on that, Stephen, because we are negotiating contracts all the time.
