Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Nishu, this is Ryan. Thanks for the question. We're really pleased with how the business is performing. We like the current operating environment that we're in. As I think Bob noted, we're seeing nice margin improvement as we move throughout the year. We saw sequential improvement moving from Q1 to Q2, and we anticipate that to continue into the back half of the year. So, I think that's representative and indicative of the favorable market dynamics that we're currently operating in. As it relates to some of the margin compression that we alluded to, we saw an incremental amount of discounting as we moved from Q1 to Q2, somewhere in the order of about 20 basis points. So, it was enough to move the needle a bit. But by no means what I overreact to it and it was – as far as the brands go, it was in the Pulte brands, which is typically where our higher price points, that's the brand that we house our higher price points in. It was a few specific communities in a couple of markets within the Southeast part of the United States. So, again, I just reiterate how positive we are on the market and the strength that we're seeing with the overall margin profile of the business.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Nishu, this is Ryan again. Certainly the numbers that you've got in the numerator and the denominator, when it comes to community absorptions, it can really move the numbers. We have had some slower closeouts of some communities that we thought would have been gone by now. And we're working to move through those. And as Bob indicated, our expectation is that they'll be gone by the end of the year, and our community count guide will be in that 5% to 10% range year-over-year that we'd previously provided. Just to give you an idea of how sensitive it can be, when I went in and I looked at the detail of what was going on with our committee counts, we had, as an example, four communities that had a grand total of about eight sign-ups. If you took those four communities out of the numerator and the denominator, our per community absorptions would have essentially been flat. Again, I'd talk about the strength of the overall business, the 12% order growth that we saw in the second quarter was really strong. We're very pleased with that. And as Bob noted in his prepared remarks, at overall community absorptions of 2.7 per community, we like how the business is running.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, John, this is Ryan. I'll give you just a couple of pieces and then I'll let Bob give you some incremental color on some of the details. But as far as what was in the adjusted numbers, no, the adjusted numbers, there's nothing quirky or unusual. It's reflective of the changes that we made really starting in the back half of last year, and that's continued to be a focus for our entire organization to run an efficient shop. As we move through the back half of the year, the increase will be completely aligned with the new opening of some of our new stores. We talked about before, we open about 250 new home – new communities a year, and the incremental spend will really be associated with the grand opening type activities that have slightly elevated SG&A, one-time expenses that are mashed up with those new communities. But other than that, we continue to be on the same trend line and the same level of efficiency that we've been on for the previous three quarters, and that's reflective of the full year guidance that we've provided. We had been operating in a 12% to 12.5% target. We're quite confident in the progress that we're making, and so we've improved and updated what that overall guide is for the full year, to that 11.7% to 12% range. So, I'll ask – maybe Bob can give you maybe just a tad bit more color on some of the details on the SG&A number.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. John, certainly, Centex is a big component of our first-time buyer business, but we've talked for the last several years about really looking at the first-time buyer could include our millennials, which in some cases we market to under our Pulte brand. So, some combination of Centex and Pulte targeted toward the first-time buyer and the entry-level segment. We are maintaining and sticking true to our underwriting criteria of investing, making investment decisions based on where we can drive the best return on invested capital for our shareholder, while balancing the overall risk profile that we're looking for. As we entered into the recovery two or three years ago, as I commented in my prepared remarks, that strategy really led us to more investment in the move-up buyer and, look, I think today's results are reflective of how beneficial that's been to our overall business profile, but as we move forward and today as the market continues to recovery, we're seeing opportunities to serve all buyer groups. And not only is buyer behavior reflective of that, the returns that we can underwrite to are supportive of that as well.
Ryan R. Marshall: Hey, Mike, it's Ryan. Thanks for the question. So, it's really in three main categories. We made some changes to the level of personnel that we are running the operation with in the back half of last year. We've been able to then change some of our processes that have allowed us to run a very efficient business with that level of personnel. So, not a surprise, the majority of our spend is in our people. So, a lot of the savings has come from that. We've also been able to maintain some nice efficiency at the subdivision level with the amount of money that we spend to run our individual subdivisions. We had a lot of cost-saving measures and process changes directed at that. And finally, I would tell you, and really give kudos to our marketing team. Our marketing team has done some really nice things with our digital marketing efforts to drive efficiency of spend there and improve our conversion rate when folks actually cross the threshold of our stores. We're seeing some nice improvements in overall conversion rates, which has given us great efficiency in the marketing dollars. So, those are the three probably big categories that I'd highlight.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Mike. I think that's an appropriate characterization. The Northeast is an area that remains competitive, where our business is performing essentially in line with our expectations, but it is competitive. And I would characterize the balance of the country as strong. I highlighted the Texas markets. I highlighted the Midwest. I highlighted the West. Those are all some places where we're seeing nice strength.
Ryan R. Marshall: Got it. All right. Well, let me see if I can address all of those. So, we are very focused on improving the efficiency of our land portfolio, and it's something that I outlined in some of my very first commentary once I came into the role in September of last year. We have put the three years owned and three years optioned target out there, it's something that I think we're continuing to make progress against as indicated by the current land inventory that we have right now. One of the big things that we did is, we took the comprehensive look at our entire land portfolio, and that is part of what drove the actions that we took in the second quarter with the book of assets that we intend to move through. So, that certainly was a big step in the right direction to get our land portfolio moving the right way. The second piece is, what are we underwriting at today? And, Bob, I would suggest and share with you that over the last three or four years under our underwriting criteria, the average lot size of communities that we've been buying has been in the 120 lot per transaction range. When we're running at about 35 or so absorptions per community per year, that's right about that three-year average. And you mix in the options and some of those kind of things, and we're very much moving in the path where we want to go. Now the difference is essentially the long-dated or the bigger Del Webb communities that we have that are performing very well, but as we've talked about quite a bit in the past, there's a little bit more land there. It's going to take some time. But we like where we're going, we're at 4.4 today versus eight years, not too long ago. So, pretty dramatic improvement in a pretty short period of time, and I like the trajectory of where we're going.
Ryan R. Marshall: Stephen, good morning. This is Ryan. Let me take maybe the first question for – the first question you asked about a couple of the things on the land front that one of our competitors is doing. I certainly don't have the inside information or baseball. I've read a lot of the things that are out there about the transaction. I certainly think it's interesting. Probably tough for me to comment on exactly what their strategy is and what they're trying to accomplish on it. Land is certainly a challenge that all builders face, and that is essentially the number one raw material that we need to continue to run our business. And so we are, like all of our competitors, looking to gain a competitive edge in how we acquire, entitle and develop raw land. So, time will tell, I think, on how that works out. We do put a lot of emphasis on acquisition talent and specifically entitlement talent. And those are things where we can really add value to the overall land pipeline that we're acquiring. So, I think we've got a really talented land team, and I think we're doing as good a job as any of our competitors when it comes to that front. As far as technology goes, Stephen, we're making significant investments in technology. There is a number of things that we're doing with how we run our business, whether it's on the way we market and run our website and the way that we're reaching out to our customers, there are certainly investments in technology that we're making there. We recently launched a updated new website in the last six or so months, and we're happy with how that's performing. We're doing a number of things in the way that we're building our homes, purchasing systems or things that we're looking to enhance our technology on, all the way down to what are the parts, pieces and components of things that we're putting into our home, making them smarter, making them more digital, allowing homeowners to have kind of control of their home, the same way they have control of many other parts of their digital lifestyle. So, it's a big beast to tackle for certain, but it's something that our entire team is focused on, and we're looking to make as many gains as we possibly can.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Alan, thanks for the questions. Let me take the incentive question first. Not – I would tell you it's not an overreaction to anything. We're constantly evaluating the competitive environment that we're in and the inventory that we have in our pipeline, and we felt like there was an opportunity to be a bit more competitive. As an aside, you probably noted in some of Bob's comments, our finished inventory came down from prior quarter. And so certainly, I think some of those incremental incentives helped to move through some finished inventory that we had. Nothing that we did – we're looking at – we're always looking at the competitive environment, including our other competitors and you've got to be responsive to that, but not any kind of a significant trend that I would point to. And then on the cost front, we've previously provided guidance that our cost estimates were in the 1.5% to 2% range. We're still operating within that range. Labor is the piece that is getting tighter and – or is running a little hotter, which would arguably push us to the higher end of that 1.5 to 2 points, especially as we move into the back half of the year. As you mentioned, it's been a strong selling season, there's a lot of volume in the system. While we've seen some nice gains in labor, labor is still the piece that remains tight. On the commodity side, concrete and lumber are the two pieces that I would point to. Concrete is not something that we can buy at a national level, it's typically something that we're acquiring at a regional level, at best. And then, on the lumber side, we had the Canadian lumber tariff in the first quarter. And then in current time, there're a number of forest fires in the Canadian province that are creating some logistical challenges with the mills. Our expectation is that'll continue to put some pressure on the back half as well, which will push us to the higher end of that 1.5 to 2 points we've been operating in.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Stephen. Thanks for the question, and what I would tell you is, it's been a great year. I think we've made tremendous progress. We've got an unbelievable company with a rich history. We've got wonderful employees that, I think, are doing just a marvelous job executing the strategy that we've laid out. Some of the tweaks that I articulated, that I wanted to see us modify and change, I wanted to see us own less land and get to a three and three mix, and I think we're clearly taking some steps in that direction. We made a giant step with the announcement of the changes that we intended to make to our overall land portfolio in moving through some long-dated assets that frankly just didn't fit within our portfolio and weren't aligned with our current strategy. So, harvesting that cash and redeploying it into high returning projects, I think, is going to be a great step for the organization as well. I'd like to see us be a little more balanced in the consumers that we're serving. We're making nice progress in that. I like the traction that we're getting. We've seen a slight uptick in the number of first-time and entry-level projects that we're able to invest in, which are being supported by the returns. So, everything is coming together on that front. I also really like to focus that our team has put on running a more predictable and efficient operation. I think as evidenced by two really solid quarters of home deliveries, I like the way that our construction operation is building and getting homes closed. We've had a tremendous focus on quality and taking care of our customer. And I think that is paying us nice dividends today. It'll pay us huge dividends into the future, as our reputation continues to be enhanced and improved by really taking care of the customer, creating a great customer experience and building a superior quality home, all things that our teams are focused on. So, Stephen, we've had great success. I'm really energized and excited about the trajectory of the company. I like the land deals that we're buying. There's a lot of real positivity happening out there in our field right now, and it's going to be an exciting ride.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Stephen, it's going to be a multi-year journey. We're not going to swing the pendulum to the other side overnight, and nor would we want to. The intent is that we're running a balanced approach every single day and by doing that, it's going to take time to evolve the entire portfolio. So, I think patience here is truly going to be a virtue. More so than trying to hit specific metrics and what percentage of a certain buyer group that we have, we're looking to run the best possible business that we can, drive the best return for our shareholders. And that's the playbook that, I think, we're executing quite effectively.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Carl, what I would tell you, scale matters. And we've talked about that for a long time. And market share matters. And I think you heard a little bit of it in my prepared remarks that we're working with our local operators to shore up and make sure that our market share and our scale foundations are solid in every single market that we operate in. If we find a market where we think we have weakness, we don't have the scale, we don't have the market share that we want, we're putting plans in place to change that. And in the event that we don't see a path forward, we will make the decision to leave the market. And I think you – that was one of the things that we saw in St. Louis. We felt that there was more opportunity to take that capital and reinvest it in other locations, but my preference would be to see us operate in as many markets as we possibly can as long as we can have scale and the appropriate market share to drive the efficiencies that we need to make our platform work.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: No, I wouldn't add anything. The only thing, obviously, since we've got commissions there, you've got more seasonal influence on the SG&A, so we'll have more – as we close more in the back half of the year, you'll have more commission expense and that's reflected on top of, as Ryan pointed out, the community activity.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Mike, the only thing I'd add is in terms of the improvement versus where we had set expectations, we had put these plans in place, but we candidly weren't sure exactly how quickly they would take hold. And to Ryan's point, we've made outstanding progress. And so we've been able to tighten the range. In terms of going forward, we'll give some color on that when we provide guidance for next year.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. So, we were – absorptions were 3.4 per month at the first-time level, 2.1 for the move-up and 3.5, so on a comparative basis, down 6% on the first time, up 1% and up 1% on the move-up and active adult, Mike.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: I think – I apologize, Mike, I might be answering the wrong question here. But our view forward with sequential margin improvement would tell you, I think, that the price-to-cost profile is pretty favorable right now. And obviously, the closings that we have in Q3 and Q4 are going to be the sales that we reported in Q1 and Q2.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Thanks, Bob. Yeah. No change on the capital allocation front, candidly. We've highlighted that we're targeting $1 billion. We've got $600 million left to get there. We've got that authorization in place. We always think about market conditions when we look at that, but obviously we bought a pretty big slug of stock in this second quarter, reflective of the cash position and the strength of the balance sheet coming into it. So, really no change. In terms of forward capital allocation, I think the process that we laid out back in, gosh, December of 2014, remains today the way we look at it. So, as long as we're constructive on the market, I know you've heard me say this before, we're going to invest in the business first and foremost. We're then going to pay our dividend, then we would look to buy back stock with any excess capital, all subject to that 30% to 40% debt to cap. We're a little bit outside that range today. Again, our expectation is that earnings will pull us back inside of that 40% target. So, in that mindset, we'll look at 2018 and beyond. We plan for multiple years, and we'll look at what the business generates, what we see in terms of opportunities, and you heard Ryan talk about the opportunities we're seeing across demographic and geographic markets. So, we're building our plans now. And in terms of capital, it means we're refreshing that which we already created. And we'll give more color on what we think we'll do in 2018 as we give our guidance with our fourth quarter earnings release.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Stephen. So, for the quarter, acquisition was $236 million, development was $373 million, so $609 million in total. That brings the total for the year to just under $500 million for acq and just under $700 million for development.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Stephen, the only thing I'd add to that is, to your question, are we doing more deals, yeah, we are, actually. And I think if you think of the way we've positioned the way we buy land, we seek return. The increasing velocity that we're seeing out of that buyer group makes some stuff pencil for us that didn't pencil in the past. So, we are certainly seeing some of that activity, and to Ryan's point, it will take a while. Just like it took a while for all that move-up business that we bought back in time to work its way through and it's a big shift to influence the total for the company will take some time. But, yeah, we're seeing activity with that buyer group, because they're more active.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: I don't know that it's improving. I think you've got plenty of programs out there with low money down type activity. The QRM rules are what they are. I would argue that it was never that great a hindrance to that buyer group. There have been people who have said – a lot of them just didn't know they could qualify if they went and asked, they'd find out they could. So, I don't know that it's a big mover one way or the other. Because I think there is credit available for them when they're shopping. But price becomes an issue as it always has been for that first-time buyer.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Susan, I think in a small subset, the numbers can be a little bit, not misleading, but can lead you to odd conclusions. We noted that there was a Del Webb in there, which was a large lot count relative to the normal deals that we do. So, we put 7,000 lots under control. A pretty big percentage of that actually came from one deal that influences it. Similarly, you have heard us say that we have been doing a little bit more in that first-time space. With higher velocities, typically, again in a three-year deal, you're going to have a little bit larger lot count there. So, I don't think it's anything in terms of – we haven't changed our underwriting, our return criteria is still the same. It's not a margin equation for us, it's actually return. And so it's just a mix of assets that we happen to buy in this quarter.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: It's hard for us to break that down in real time. I would tell you that there is pricing power there, but there is mix in that, for sure.
