Roger Cregg: Yes, Josh. This is Roger. As we've come through 2009 and coming into this year, again we're looking sequential improvements. Again, I don't know who your step function looking for, very large jumps. I mean we did have a pretty large jump coming from the fourth quarter from basically the 14.2% up to the 16.3%, so that was the a 210 basis point improvement for this quarter. Again, some of the things that we're doing on, Steve had mentioned, on the house cost reduction side is benefiting then, the future, as well. So again, as we've mentioned before, we continue to see improvement even going forward to the end of this year.
Roger Cregg: I don't know what, Jason, you have in your estimates, but certainly, we've made significant strides with the SG&A. We're not giving any guidance. But I think, as Richard mentioned, with increasing volume, you certainly get the leverage if you're looking at a percent basis, but we've made great efforts in the $440 million in synergies we've talked about. We think certainly we've got close to the $350 million, $375 million through the first quarter. The balance will come on as we start moving to the back end of 2010. Mostly that's now because we've got redundant systems and that type of thing that we're continuing to focus on the integration side of that as well. But going forward, again, volume-related leverage is what we're anticipating as we come through the balance of this year.
Roger Cregg: Well, Dan, this is Roger. From this point on, it's going to be consistent. So we'll report it consistently, so the numbers that we reported now, we have no deviation from quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. Really, typically, when you make the change from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, that's where we ended up seeing the change, but it will be consistent as we move forward now with the same methodology. The variance from quarter-to-quarter will not be as pronounced as we saw here coming from the fourth to the first.
Roger Cregg: Yes, just, Ken, on the margins itself, again, I think you have to take it into context of how everybody does their accounting because there are certain aspects of costs that go into the capitalizing that come through margins. Some do more, some do less. So I think you need to actually get to the operating margin side. But again, we still feel very comfortable with the efforts that we're making and the stride we're making on continuing to see the opportunity for increasing our overall margin as we go forward. So again, relative to the peer group, again, as Steve mentioned, some of them may be blending in more of the land that they buy currently, but we're still playing this for the long-term, not just a quarter-by-quarter. And a lot of the lots out there that are for sale are extremely limited. They're not in mass quantities in any particular location. So again, as we've see them, you buy 10 lots, 10 lots there. There's not a great deal that you're going to build a big business on for a long period of time. So short-term gain, again, it's relatively a long=term view. So I think there are some dynamics that are going on right now that will, again, will be washing out as we come through two, three quarters from now.
Roger Cregg: Yes, just on your question on the absorption rate. If we looked at the Del Webb for the first quarter, it was roughly about 7 and Pulte was roughly about 5 and Centex was roughly around 4.6.
Roger Cregg: Yes, David, this is Roger. We're certainly thinking about it. Again, there's a lot of dynamics going on in the market from lending, from bank revolvers. What's available there today is a lot less than what it used to have been. Most of the revolvers, and there's only a couple left in the industry today, have been used for letter of credit. So there's not much available from that standpoint that people are relying upon to build working capital going forward. So as we look at it, certainly, we've got to have cash to put back in on the vertical side because you're putting $2 to $3 for every dollar of land into the vertical side and so, of course, velocity's going to be important on that, so it's going to be exactly what the pace is going to be is going to drive how much actually we're going to use for working capital. So there's no quantification that I have to give you but cash will go into that. I think we've said easily could see maybe $500 million, $700 million, depending on where the market is and how much volume is out there from the market standpoint to put back into that side. And then again, a lot of what we've been doing on the land development side has been to try to be more cash constrained than efficient on development side. So rather than developing 300 lots in a community, we prefer maybe to develop less than 100 to make sure that from a liquidity standpoint, we're in good shape just to weather another downturn. So all those things are factors that we're doing today in running it a lot smarter on the cash side that we can capture costs going forward if we feel good about the liquidity side. So again, those things that we are considering, but we have to have a better view of the market overall before we start to what I would say is move back into a normalized view of how we run the operations day to day.
Roger Cregg: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is that, as I said in my prepared comments, that we didn't play the game of trying to discount the spec to get the sale in March and drive the delivery as quickly as we could because number one, we felt pretty comfortable with our overall spec inventory and so those quick turns, especially in the Centex brand, could have affected the calculations that you had. You may have expected us to really go toe to toe in those markets where other builders were trying to get the buyers in spec discount and move that, and we did not do that. We felt very comfortable, overall, in our spec positions and feel like we can absorb them as you normally would, right, where people who need a home for reasons of transfer or they sold their home quicker than they thought they would, that's why we want to have -– if we have available inventory -– that’s why we want to have it.
Roger Cregg: Jonathan, this is Roger. Two things: One is back on your question to carrying, we said, typically, the carrying cost for us is around $225 million to $250 million a year. That’s what we spend from soft costs as Stephen mentioned earlier. And then again, you could look at the balance sheet makeup and what percent the debt is of the overall capital relative to the inventory. And again, I’m not sure where you're headed with that. And on that question, Mike…
Roger Cregg: This is Roger. I’ll take the second part of the question. First of all, when our impairment policy has not changed, we look at the entire project, and that means every lot that winds [ph] up in that project is viewed for impairment, so we don't impair by phase and then wait for another phase to impair it. So it’s been pretty consistent what we’ve done from the start of this, and we're carrying that today in the same way.
Roger Cregg: Of that $$2.3 billion, $1 billion is related to Pulte, and $1.3 billion is related to the Centex operation.
Richard Dugas: No, profitable on a full year basis. That was our comment and that's what we believe, Josh, obviously, with the caveat around relatively stable conditions that we put in there. But we've got much more consistency in our backlog, visibility in our backlog, overall. And we like the way that a combination of margin, overhead leverage and improved closing volumes for the coming quarters are playing out.
Richard Dugas: Ivy, this is Richard. Even Mike Schweninger is having trouble keeping track of your questions you just asked there. Listen, a couple comments there. Overall, the sign-up performance for the quarter, as Steve indicated, we had a significant community count drop, as well as a change in reporting methodology, which were the two main drivers between, maybe what some were expecting on sign-ups and what we have. Having said that, the overall business performed well within our expectations. And actually, we beat our own business plan for Q1, both on sign-ups, as well as on overall profitability. In terms of the actual numbers, we can maybe ask Steve or Mike to give you some comment, but we saw the expected benefit in the Centex side from some of the positioning there; the Pulte business, as well; and then the Del Webb business was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. But I don't know, Steve or Mike, if you want to provide any additional commentary.
Richard Dugas: Jason, one other comment from Richard. If you look at the $37 million drop, sequentially, from fourth quarter to first quarter, we would tell you we are extremely pleased with that performance. And it certainly is something we're very, very proud of. In terms of the conversion on the volume side, as Roger indicated, and I indicated on my comments, improved closing volumes in future quarters will help that conversion. But we try to manage the actual dollar number and that's why we're very pleased.
Richard Dugas: Dan, remember we talked about shifting our operating model from one where we could be more predictable in the future, building up sold but not started backlog, and don't assume that deliveries going forward are directly related to our ability to sell specs or the tax credit because we've tried to really emphasize as much pre selling as possible, and as Steve indicated, we like the shape of our backlog year.
Richard Dugas: And Dan, you're right that the cancellation rates should be affected positively in the downward position, and we did see a benefit from that in Q1 and we likely will see that going forward again, all with the operating philosophy of really focusing on pre-sales and margin growth and profitability over a unit volume. We want our backlog to be more stable and consistent, and that's one of the reasons we're able to forecast profitability the rest year. We like the way it's shaping up.
Richard Dugas: Ken, this is Richard. I want to add something to what Roger and Steve were just talking about on the land side. Others have talked about margin expansion for new communities being a significant portion of their total and that's because their lot position, in many cases, was significantly down. So therefore, any land they bring on is going to be a bigger piece. We made our bet with the large combination with Pulte and Centex and 55,000 lots that were acquired and the resulting accounting from that. I would suggest that our forecast for margin growth in the future, as Roger indicated, is sustainable and driven by things we can control, our own operating efficiencies and not reliant on future land prices. And while we want to be opportunistic on land purchases where we can, our view is that that's not going to last very long, and so whether we get margin benefit from opportunistic land for another quarter or two, that's great, but what happens in 2011 and 2012, et cetera? I would argue that we are going to have a land basis that's very appropriately valued for the long run and that's why we're continuing to forecast margin growth. So I just wanted to emphasize maybe some of the difference there in the way we're thinking about it. We don't need a lot of new land in order to expand margins.
Richard Dugas: This is Richard. To set the context for the answer, just appreciate that 12 months ago, we were talking about a significant liquidity crisis in homebuilding and that was kind of the trough, if you will, in terms of where everyone was really, rarely concerned. So I just point out that 12 months ago, we were in a very different spot. We worked extremely hard to get the cash balance where it is, and we're very pleased with that and we do think the liquidity crisis is behind us. So we are, at this point, evaluating many alternatives with regard to our cash and we do not intend to let it just sit here forever. I'm not in the position today to tell you exactly what we're going to do with it, but all of the available opportunities are being discussed. They're being discussed with our board of directors, and we'll have more to say on that as the year progresses. So we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and announce something immediately, but your comments are well-founded and we understand our obligation is to drive return for the shareholders and we intend to do that. So stay tuned on that one.
Richard Dugas: David, this is Richard. Our Del Webb business was actually sequentially up a little bit, community-by-community. Velocities from the fourth quarter to the first quarter of this year and on a year-over-year basis was fairly flat, quite frankly, largely, driven by the fact that we did not have a lot of the Del Webb communities rolling off. And we did have a lot of Centex and Pulte communities rolling off. So what we're hearing from our sales teams out there, and Steve can comment more, is that the Del Webb buyer is beginning to come back and beginning to shop a lot more. They've not yet pulled the trigger in terms of big purchases yet, but you can sense the momentum building as the market has improved. And this buyer, we've known all along, takes a longer period of time in order to make their decisions. So our expectations are that the Del Webb business improves from here. We don't expect it to rocket up or anything like that, but we do expect improvement. But I don't know, Roger, if you want to give more color.
Richard Dugas: What I would tell you is this: First of all, we are not adverse to developing our own land where we need to develop our own land. I think that initially, when Roger talked at the last call, we talked about maybe putting up to $700 million, $800 million into land development this year that were in our cash-flow projections. Now certainly, maybe a quarter of that to a third of that is some soft cost relative to property taxes and various assessment districts and those type of things. But the rest is physical hard development, and clearly we're doing that in some communities where we have proper demand and, as Roger spoke about earlier, we're doing it smartly. We're developing smaller pods of lots and not putting that much land out in front of us.  What we're really looking at on the acquisition side is, where we can improve our position? I spoke about -- we clearly -- we know what it costs to develop land. We know the raw basis that you can buy land at today in the market. And if you can go out and get a developed lot in a preferred sub-market to target the consumer that we’re very good at serving, that's below those costs, it just makes good business sense for us to go out and buy those lots as well, and we did -- approximately 20, 25 transactions in the first quarter. And the $110 million I talked about was the total cash outlay eventually on those deals as we take down all the lots, not what we put out in the first quarter to acquire those lots. So for us, it's clearly a blend.  We like our land positions that we have. We've said that for a long time. Unfortunately, we’ve had to impair those positions as the market downturn has been here over the last couple of years. But we haven't burned through those positions. Those impairments are trapped now into the new basis of that land, and as we look out and we start to see some activity in these preferred sub-markets where we own land as well, we see a very good situation emerging for us. And as Richard talked about, our opportunity to improve margin doesn't lie totally in our ability to have to buy land at below-market value, and we feel pretty good about that. So I think that, hopefully, that answers your question, but that's really what we're looking at. I mean there's a combination for us, but I think we're more weighted towards our current projects, and that's why. when I was asked the question, I mean we're really focused on improving absorptions in those communities that we already own.
Richard Dugas: Nishu, it's Richard. We're in a nice position of being able to be choosy on what we want to select in terms of go-forward land positions, and [ph] our operators are doing a great job on everything we're buying being accretive in the short term, being very cash-flow positive, etc. But we have a sizable portion of our balance sheet tied up in projects that we want to get active. And we like the locations, as Steve said, and we like the potential, and we're going to be bringing those to market over the coming quarters. So that's our view.
Richard Dugas: Nish, it’s Richard. It was what we expected. Not sure how to put a point on it more than that. Frankly, we have been moving to this build-order model; we have been building backlog and not putting as much into production. And to be honest with you, we don’t look at a conversion ratio internally. I know it’s a metric that you guys track, but I’m not sure other than to tell you that we hit our own targets internally. We're pleased with the result. We're particularly pleased with the overhead leverage on what we would acknowledge is a modest volume a quarter, and we did indicate, based on our focus on profitability for the year, that you can expect better closings going forward as we come into the year. So it’s playing out as we expected. I don't think there was any one thing that drove something to tell you, “Yes, we fell short here or there.” It was what we looked for.
Richard Dugas: In terms of our interest incurred in the quarter, it’s approximately $69 million, and our interest capitalized is approximately $69 million as well. As Roger mentioned in his script, we spent approximately $27 million of cost during the quarter.
Richard Dugas: No. Typically happens is is that the land is being acquired based on what builders believe they can sell homes for in that submarket. And so the land price supports probably the current pricing. We do not price appreciation in or anything like that. What we think is happening is there’s just a very short supply of this readily available land that we believe is below replacement cost. You can’t go out and buy the raw dirt and develop it for that. And builders are buying that to sell it into the price that’s being absorbed in the submarket. What we think is going to happen is that number one, you’re going to increase the overall supply of homes. It’s going to be moved from a supply of land or a supply of homes, obviously, and typically, unless you see more demand in that submarket relatively speaking, that tends to have some kind of a downward pressure on pricing. And we think it's going to be flat to maybe slightly up or down, depending on the builders that actually bought the land and how aggressive they go in there with new products and new housing and then, obviously, what the corresponding retail market looks like. So it's probably not and endless supply of price increases because everybody's buying up the land. I just think that in what we've seen is, is that the returns just continue to get tighter and tighter on trying to make it work at the current pricing, and that's really our jumping-off point. If we can’t get the returns that we want to get, we let it go to somebody else.
Richard Dugas: And Buck, as I mentioned last quarter, when we were looking at end of 2009’s community count, we were expecting be down, I gave a number of about 15% for the year. So from the beginning of the year to the end of the year 2010, roughly about 15%. Now I might say we might be down roughly around 12% for what we're looking at today. So again, quarter by quarter, we take a look at what we’re buying, what’s rolling off, what we’re bringing on. So roughly year-to-year, I would say roughly right now about 12%.
