Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. At the risk of repeating comments that I made at the outset of our prepared remarks, I will provide some regional color, before we open the call to Q&A. Across the eastern third of the country, demand conditions were generally challenging in the quarter for a number of our markets. On a relative basis, Florida continues to be among the stronger areas of the country. In the middle third of the country, demand conditions actually held up pretty well where Texas showing the best year-over-year growth of our reporting areas. And in our western operations, we continue to see meaningful variation in market performance with the ongoing strength in Arizona, helping to offset slower demand in California. Again at a high level, I would say that the overall operating environment feels much better than what we experienced in the back half of 2018. We are optimistic the 2019 can turnout to be a good year for the housing industry with demand supported by strong jobs and historic lows and unemployment, which is allowing for some wage inflation and continued high consumer confidence. With mortgage rates, expected to stay low, the overall operating environment remains favorable. Let me close by saying thank you to our employees and our trade partners, who continue to do an outstanding job building great homes and delivering a superior experience to our customers. Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, really not a whole bunch more than I can add other than what I think we shared with you in our prepared remarks. But we’re seeing the typical spring selling season where things have continued to get better as we move from January to February, February into March. Traffic has been strong, both year-over-year but also on a sequential basis. So we’re very pleased with that. I think some of the stability that we’ve seen and really the decline in mortgage rates, I highlighted in my prepared remarks that it’s been 70 basis points over the last five or so months. I think all those things are helping to create an environment where we’re optimistic about what we see for 2019. As I mentioned, we had a tough comp relative to the first quarter of 2018. It was really a spectacular time for the company and the industry. So as we look at how we’re positioned, we like where our communities are out. We like the investments that we’ve made. I think our team is operating very well. We’re competing favorably in the eyes of the consumer. So that’s part of the reason that we’re optimistic about what we have in the coming year.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Alan, it’s Ryan. Good morning. A couple of things there. First, with American West, we did acquire active communities. We did not acquire backlog. And so that’s why we highlighted that will start closing homes in early 2020. Second – secondarily, to your second question, we like Las Vegas. We’ve got a nice operation there. We’ve – they have had a historic success in Vegas, we like the positioning of where these communities are located, they are in a very favorable part of town relative to the job core, the transportation network and so we like that. We like frankly, the value that these communities offered to consumers on a price per foot and what you get for the price, you’re paying. We think American West is done a very nice job positioning these communities. And so that was attractive to us as well, maybe the third and fourth items that I’d highlight we like what it does to our relative market share in Las Vegas, which is something that we’ve highlighted is key to our success. And finally, we like the nature of how this transaction was constructed in that we get a little less than two years worth of owned lots, and we have a great pipeline of future lots that are under option. So kind of all things considered, we think it was a very good transaction, and we’re excited to have the American West brand part of our family.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Ken, in fairness, I think there were three embedded in there, but I’ll answer all of them. First off, let me maybe speak to the California question, we’ve got a great team in California that has done a nice job getting some complicated buildings built in a complicated and entitlement market and so some of that was just our own internal planning and assessing associated risks with getting those homes closed. So I think we did a nice job with that. The other two pieces – yes, in terms of kind of pricing and when we saw things start to really accelerate, we’ve long said and maybe the industry has long said that Super Bowl tends to be kind of the time of the year when you start to see the spring selling season started to kick in. And I think that held true this year and then we continue to see things strengthen as we move throughout the quarter. So we’re pleased with that, as far as kind of pricing power, I think I’d point back to some of the things that Bob touched on, its competitive and there are some competitors out there that have put a lot of inventory on the ground and so consumers have choices. And within that environment, we’re making sure that we’re toggling associated discounts and incentives, such that we’re getting our share of the buyers that are out there willing to buy. And I think we’re as demonstrated by the absorptions in Q1, I think we struck the right balance between pace and price, where we’ve got a healthy and attractive margin profile. But we also we are able to sell homes.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, John, it’s Ryan. Texas was a bright spot for us, we’re in all four major cities in Texas, Austin, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio. I would tell you that all four cities performed well of the four, Austin is arguably the strongest and I think that’s really being driven by the continued job creation and high quality jobs that are being created in Austin, which is feeling further housing need. Second to Austin, I’d highlight Houston, our senior team Bob and I, we were just in the Texas markets a couple of weeks ago. So we saw at first hand there is some nice things going on economically in Houston as well. And I think you’re continuing to see that city really get back on its feet following the flooding and the hurricanes that they experienced a year and a half ago. And then Dallas also very strong, but it has seen a run-up in pricing, affordability has been certainly the affordability equation there is not as attractive as what it used to be. But lots of people there, good economy, jobs are being created. And then finally San Antonio is a stable kind of a steady as she goes market and we really like the business that we’re seeing there. So, on the whole, Texas was a favorable bright spot for us as you highlighted.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike. It’s Ryan. I think I’ll point back to some of the comments or reiterate some of the comments I made in the prepared remarks. We saw the quarter really play out where each month got stronger, both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. As we highlighted the absorption rates were still down relative to Q1, but that was as much reflective of a very strong 2018. No intra-quarter volatility that I would point to. We’ve given our guide for Q2, we’ve highlighted that we’ll give you our full-year guide at the end of Q2. The one thing that I would probably highlight note for you is that last year, it was kind of the 3rd quarter of April, 4th quarter of April when we started to see a slowdown. And we talked about that on our Q2 call last year. So that’s probably the one thing that we’re continuing to kind of watch and pay attention to. In addition to that, as both Bob and I have mentioned, it’s still competitive out there. So we like how the market is performing. But there is some inventory, there is some discounting going on. And so for those reasons, we’ve elected to wait until the end of Q2.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, 11 active communities, Mike is what we plan to have there. And as we mentioned, we will see closings in 2020 is when we’ll start to see things from that business. In terms of kind of your question on what do we see as we move through the quarter, we were down in absorption rates year-over-year. So there was a decline, but things got stronger as we move through the quarter.
Ryan Marshall: Well, Carl, I think we’d continue to highlight that the best performer for us is in active adult, that’s a buyer group. A, that I think is as generally fared well economically in the current environment, they are not nearly as sensitive on interest rates as what the other two buyer groups are typically got an accumulation of wealth. And then we’ve got a very compelling offering and unique offering with our Del Webb communities that we think is differentiated in the marketplace. And I think that gives us some pricing power. With the other two groups, I’d probably characterize them as equal in terms of discounting but for different reasons. The move-up buyer that has got choice and there’s generally speaking more inventory on the ground for that buyer to choose from. So I think that’s a driver for added incentives. And with the first time entry level buyer there is more of an affordability pinch there, that is creating the need for incentives. So best active adult, the other two probably being equal.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. At this point in time, we’re not given any kind of additional guide beyond the $1.2 billion that we’ve highlighted. But I would note that essentially, the American West transaction is an investment in land, 1,200 or so finished lots that will get today and another 2,400 plus or minus option lots. So, those are incremental lots beyond the guy that we had initially given and will also be incremental spend. So I think I would read into that we are optimistic and bullish on the future.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Susan, I think it’s probably broader than just say in the last year and a half. This is an effort that really goes back to when we rolled out our very first commonly manage plans, which happened to be specifically designed for our Del Webb communities. That work goes back to kind of end of 2013, 2014 timeframe. We’ve highlighted that we are now five years after that initial roll-out. We’re in the process of rolling out our next generation Del Webb plans. So we think we’ve done a really nice job with the product meeting the needs of this particular buyer, I think some of the things that you were alluding to are reflective of smaller communities. And when I say smaller, these are on the order of 750 to 1,200 units, relative to some of the larger size Del Webb communities that we had from a prior timeframe where they could be as large as 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 homes in size and scale. So I think it’s a combination of how the brand has continued to evolve to keep up with how that buyer has evolved. The communities are a little smaller and that’s really being driven by a desire for these buyers to work longer, have access to the amenities, the country clubs, the churches, the entertainment that they’re used to and their current market as opposed to selling their family home and moving out of state to an entirely different destinations. So hard to pinpoint it down to a timeframe of the last six, 12 or 18 months, but it’s really been an evolution over the last six to seven years.
Ryan Marshall: Nothing that I would highlight other than we think the way that we are running our pricing model. We’re doing a nice job of giving consumers choice and allowing them to spend money on the things that they value. Lot premiums continue to be something that we get great benefit out of and we think the consumer does as well. Unique lot premiums there are typically only a small number of those in a given community. And so, if a buyer has an opportunity to buy those, there are certainly value for the consumer and for us as we sell those. Option spend, we continue to see probably some of the most popular things be the personal choice items around flooring, around cabinets, counter-tops some structural options as consumers kind of customize or personalize the things that they want in their home. Those are the things where we’re seeing buyer spend money.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, it’s Bob. And as always with margin mix matters and you’ve highlighted, we tried to touch on it in the prepared remarks, certainly we were able to close more homes in California than we were expecting in the first quarter, which benefited the margin relative to our guide. Also if you look at the mix of business, it was a little bit richer with Del Webb than it had been in the prior year, which also benefits the margin on a relative basis. Yes. The other thing I think that that happened is, we came into the year a little bit heavier on spec. We’ve talked about that in the fourth quarter and we sold those out, you can see, we’re down to 31% and we did a little bit better on those outcomes, then we were forecasting. So we didn’t discount quite as much. We highlighted that the discount rate was up about 80 basis points, which is just under $4,000. But at the same time, our lot premium and option revenue was up almost that equivalent amount. And so I would tell you, we did little better on the spec sales than we thought which also benefited our margin relative to the guide at beginning of the quarter.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Stephen. I think it’s important to remember, we didn’t see that the margins were higher on those specs sales, just higher than we expected, coming into the quarter. And so we continue to believe that there is value in having some inventory on the ground. We’ve got less than one finished spec though and we’ve highlighted that over time. And so we don’t want a bunch of standing inventory around. So I think at the end of it, we are opportunistic because we want to keep the production line running at the back half of the year relative to the sales environment than – but I think you can and should expect to see us drive that spec percentage back down into that high 20s or leave it where it is today, it depends on the sales environment over the next four to eight weeks. But again, I think the – we focus on return and getting those homes sold before they finish is important to us.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, it’s a challenge for us to guide to absorption. We haven’t done it Stephen candidly. And so I think, we’ll see how the selling environment goes. Yes, we saw a tapering in sales after April of last year. And so sales remain strong on a relative basis, you can see it flat. Again, it’s going to depend on how the sales season goes.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Alan, important to remember we’re still near 23%. So the margin profile is pretty strong, but the market is challenging right now. Price is a little bit harder to come by, we have a lot of companies that have much more inventory on the ground that they’re trying to work through. And so we are working – we’ve highlighted in the prepared remarks, we are interested in selling homes. And so we’re willing to toggle price to do that to a degree, also mix does matter, you highlighted that we – and we highlighted that we pulled some closings are we’re able to close homes in California. So on a relative basis, we’ll have less of those higher margin closings in Q2 than we did in Q1, which will matter. And then the relative percentage between the active adult and the traditional business made moderate a little bit. And so we’re candidly pretty pleased with the margins that we’re expecting for the second quarter. And again, it is reflective of the fact that the market is a little challenging right now for price.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Nishu, it’s Bob. Thank you, great question. I point you back to what we’ve been saying for years now, which is no change to our capital allocation strategy or processes expect us first to invest in the business, we had guided to a $1 billion, $2 billion of land acquisition spend this year, which is about the same as we did last year. Obviously, that excludes American West so that, American West spend would be on top of that. And after that, we will certainly look at our capital in the same way we always have, we’ll pay our dividend, we’ll buy back stock, if we have excess, we’ll look at our leverage and it makes sense. So nothing new to report there and nothing really -- we’ve also told folks, as we’ll tell you, when we’ve done it as opposed to what we think we’re going to do, so no guidance in terms of dollars spent on anything other than the land.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Well, I think it’s really -- there are no kind of unique aspects to that other than our expense structure typically comes pretty ratably whereas the closings can be a little lumpy, for lack of a better word and so relative to our guide in the first quarter, we closed warehouses that we thought would close in the second quarter. And so really it was a little bit of a pull forward of revenue into Q1. So Q2, the spend is still there, but some of the revenue dollars came in Q1.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, certainly lumber was a little bit of benefit in Q1 as we had highlighted on our fourth quarter call that will be more of a Q2 and Q3 issue for us. Important to remember that lumber is only 3% to 5% of the total vertical construction costs, so it’s – well, it will benefit us. It’s not a – an overly significant element of the house construction cost, labor is obviously one of the larger ones. And we had highlighted coming into the year roughly a 2% increase or expectation for increase in our material and labor input costs. And we still see that is the case for the balance of the year. So, yes, that’s with the relative save on lumber later in the year. So not really aggressive pricing environment, and obviously we’ve got our teams working to try and drive those costs down, labor being one of the areas we’re looking at.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, I don’t think we have that level of granularity for you today. The thing I’d highlight for you is over time what we have seen is the margins that we realized on homes and I think discount as being part of this, if we sell it as 3rd or if we sell it before, basically frame are roughly the same. Even if it was started a spec, where we start to see degradation in margin is when we get them final. And so as you can tell, we don’t have a ton of final inventory on the ground, it was 662 I think finished back at the end of the quarter, which is up maybe 50 or 60 over last year. So we didn’t let a lot of it get to that. And so I would tell you it’s probably not a significant driver in answering your question, it’s is not a significant driver, the discount differential on spec versus non-spec production.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: So I don’t want to give a target, but the America West obviously 67% of the lots are controlled via option and the 1,200 that we bought, Ryan highlighted two years of supply their finished. Looking at the book, we have highlighted that were at 3.9 years, 39% controlled in total via option. But if you take out some of those legacy Del Webb positions you’re closer to 3.3 years of owned and almost 50:50 owned versus option. So I think there are opportunities. But not significant movement from here. I think if you look back the last four or five years, we’ve been operating at close to that three years owned and three years options, I think you continued – you will continue to see that from us going forward. Obviously American West is an opportunity that was allowed us to do little bit better than that. And we’ll seek other opportunities as we go forward.
