James Zeumer: Thank you, Caitlin. Good morning. This is Jim Zeumer, Vice President of Investor Relations. On behalf of the entire PulteGroup team, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. With me to discuss PulteGroup's fourth quarter and full year results are Richard Dugas, Chairman, President and CEO; Roger Cregg, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Schweninger, Vice President and Controller.  Before we begin, copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that accompanies today's call have been posted on our corporate website at pultegroupinc.com. Further, an audio replay of today's call will also be available on the site later today. Also please note that any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to the U.S. GAAP equivalent as part of the press release and as an appendix to the call's presentation slide deck. Finally, today's presentation may include forward-looking statements about PulteGroup's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments made today. The most significant risk factors that could affect future results are summarized as part of today's earnings release and within the accompanying presentation slides. These risk factors and other key information are detailed in our SEC filings, including our annual and quarterly reports.  With that said, now let me turn the call over to Richard Dugas.
James Zeumer: Thank you, Richard. At this time, we'll be prepared to open the call for questions. So that we can speak with as many participants as possible during the time allowed, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up. Operator, if you'll explain the process, we'll get started.
James Zeumer: Thank you, operator. And we appreciate everybody's time this morning. We'll certainly be available for the remainder of the day with any follow-up questions. And we'll look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Roger Cregg: Well, what I said was, sequentially in 2011, the gross without interest and without the WIP adjustments, we still have the WIP adjustment going through because of the models from Centex that still exist, we would see margins expanding going out through next year.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Mike, on the process change, we found that the process change that we put in place wasn't benefiting our customers and it was actually creating an additional administrative burden in the company. So this probably brings us back to more core with what others are doing as we're actually holding them off from a sign up or counting them as an order at a point until we clear them through our mortgage process. So that was the basic change and the reason, again, was it wind up to be more of an administrative burden.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Mike, again, in my script I talked about, on average, we'd be running, total SG&A, which would include the homebuilder and the corporate roughly about $125 million a quarter. I also indicated that it would be a little bit higher in the first quarter and then trail off into the back-end of 2011.
Roger Cregg: John, this is Roger. Yes, we spent roughly about $1.1 billion in land and development in 2010. We expect to be right around that level, $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion in 2011. So that would be our expectation. And yes, I would say that coming on in 2011, the communities that we bought, some of them are coming on now, so some of them are fully developed lots as well. And so they will be coming on over throughout the year. I wouldn't say it's loaded in one quarter or another specifically, but blended in more weighted probably to the first part of the year.
Roger Cregg: Again, Jonathan, this is Roger. The way we capitalize the interest basically doesn't come through dollar-for-dollar the first time you capitalize it. We take it out over the average life of our assets. So basically an average life of the community may run three years. And so we would amortize that interest over three years. The convention when we did purchase accounting for the acquisition with Centex, was that we eliminated all of their capitalized interest and then start capitalizing the interest from that point, going forward. While the addition of their debt, more of it was capitalized than expensed and then now when we get into 2011, we're finding more of it as expense. So that's giving rise from year-over-year to see an increase in the overall expense or amortization of the interest, again, which will affect us in 2011.
Roger Cregg: Yes, basically, David, this is Roger, we have a lot of them down in the Southeast part of the U.S., mostly in the Florida market. But we took a lot at the communities, a lot of them were Centex legacy communities. And again, usually typically with those bonds, you wind up with additional cost that goes on to the consumer. Once you close the house, the consumer ends up paying a higher fee, if you will, for the bonds. And so as looking at that in the pricing that we had, we elected to take those down so that it would reduce basically the lot costs that we have. So it was looking at the repositioning of a number of communities that we had there as well, what the benefit of this would be, be able to move that product a little bit better and faster than we are today given the burden of the bonds.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Ivy, our score was 754 on average, but when you look at what's going on right now in the lending practices, we're really finding the bankers are being very cautious with the underwriting standards. So those with lower scores are definitely finding a harder time. It's more constrained for them. But those conditions have somewhat existed for a while, so there's nothing really new has changed there. So it's more about documentation. It seems to be taking a little bit longer from the documentation that's necessary today, so they're dotting Is and crossing the Ts. That's really more of the bigger change. And then when you get somebody into an order, we're finding that potentially, 60, 90 days into it, the economy still playing rough on job losses or cutback in a number of hours worked, so that type of thing, that's putting stress on the buyer as well.
Roger Cregg: In addition to that, some of the other transactions out there where the FDIC was selling some of those portfolios, there are a lot of mortgage products in there and it's not necessarily just all land. So there's still a fair amount of those that are still being marketed, but not a lot of transactions taking place.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Nishu, this is Roger. I guess, we'll have to see how that comes about. But certainly, again, if you look at our scores, it's going to depend on the score for the consumer as well, and how well they're financed from that standpoint. So I don't have any specific comments about the changes at this point.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Joshua, this is Roger. No, we can't. Basically, we're just trying to compare, so that when you look at it comparatively, for the current quarter, what it was against the last quarter, but it really only happened when you start it and when you change it. So when we changed it the first time, at the beginning of the year, and then we changed it again at the end of the year, these are the only two points. It's not every single quarter that should be affected.
Roger Cregg: We could probably get that and get back to you. I had indicated it in kind of my comments I think about 1/3, but we could kind of refine that for you and call you back.
Roger Cregg: And Stephen, this is Roger. I just want to add that when you look at gross margins, we all account for things differently on the geography, so if you're really to look at the operating income or the operating margins or the EBIT margins, they're a little bit more representative and we still lag, but quite frankly, that changes a little bit with the movement of how we capitalize costs and SG&A, or how we expense commissions in SG&A versus cost of sales.
Roger Cregg: It depends on the builder. It could be a couple of hundred basis points. There's some in there with 300 basis points. There's a way people capitalize some of their land overheads. Again picking it out of SG&A and putting it in cost of sales that would affect the gross margins would be lower, the SG&A would be lower. So again, everybody is a little bit different and it's hard. Some of them have zero and some could be up to, again, 300, 400 basis points, so it's pretty dramatic around the industry.
Richard Dugas: Well, we built some increases into our margins, so we have some expectation of some volatility there. But we're not looking for any dramatic spikes that could be brought on by some of the unrest in the Mid East or something like that. So we do have some of that in there as well. Offset by some of the things that Richard had talked about in our initiatives to drive the margins higher.
Richard Dugas: Mike, this is Richard. Just to highlight a couple of things and I'll turn it to Roger for more specifics. We had a very significant restructuring that we completed in Q4. We had indicated on our Q3 call there'd be charge associated in the Q4 numbers associated with it. And it was -- as a result of us really rethinking from the very ground up, if we were starting a Homebuilding business of this size, what would we design both in the field and at corporate in all areas of the business. That resulted in a very significant step-change in our overall SG&A run rate that we indicated with, on an adjusted basis, excluding, say the, insurance reserve we had in Q3, that type of thing, result in a $100 million annual benefit and I think Roger gave some guidance on his script about our expectations for quarterly run rate. But the point I wanted to make is we will begin seeing those benefits right away this year. So Roger with that...
Richard Dugas: Yes, Mike, this is Richard. I think I can answer your question. We are not providing any commentary or guidance on our revenue or unit expectations for the year. I will tell you, we believe we plan conservatively and did not anticipate a significant benefit, overall. And we prefer to give kind of the SG&A forecast, if you will, on a stand-alone basis in terms of actual dollars. So I would not expect a number that Roger quoted there to be materially different one way or another based on volume. And remember for us, our commissions are in our cost of goods sales, overall. Some classify that a little bit differently, but just to be clear about that.
Richard Dugas: Yes, David, effectively, what we had done in the better years of the cycle back in the '05, '06 time frame was consolidated a lot here in home office. And one of the things we've learned is that scale is quite local in this business and frankly, with me getting closer to operations, I think we were burdening ourselves internally here with more cost frankly, on say, home design ideas and specification requirements, things like that, that our operators were telling me that could benefit the company if we changed our philosophy there. So took a good hard look in the mirror and said listen, there's a pretty obvious reason that must be explainable for our margin delta versus competition. And we decided to do something about it. And we made a fairly significant shift in philosophy to empower the field more. I have four area Presidents, directly reporting to me that are now part of the senior management team. They're part of all the discussions with Roger and myself and others at the corporate office. I feel very good about oversight. Frankly, I'm traveling a lot more than I was, spending a lot of time in our operations. We're dealing our operational capabilities. So I feel great about oversight. I think our control processes are outstanding. It's just a question of really digging deep into our performance gaps, particularly in margin and doing something about them.
Richard Dugas: And David, this is Richard, in talking with our field operators, it was way to help make us more competitive in the day-to-day selling arena. And frankly with our cash balance, we thought it was the appropriate use for our dollars.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Dan, this is Richard. Our comments have to be taken in context to the kind of the time flow here. So I think other builders probably got into the distressed land business a little bit before we did and given the big base of land we had saw a bigger percentage of their closings coming from distressed deals in 2010. As an example in 2010, the closings from distressed deals that flowed through our P&L were negligible, whereas we said this year, they could be approximately 15% or more in 2011. As we get into 2012, I think you'll still see some of that flowing through because the communities may have a couple of years life. But beyond that, clearly, our strategies from margin improvements are very, very focused on the house cost and design components, which when David asked this question, those are the things that I'm finding being very close to the operations now that I see a lot of upside for us and ability to drive. Obviously we'll have to see what the market does, but it won't be as much about distressed land in the out years because frankly, we think the easy pickings are gone. It doesn't mean we won't see benefits in '11 and '12, we will as we indicated, but as you get into longer time frames, it's going to be more about your core operational prowess, if you will, as opposed to inexpensive land.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Dan, Richard again, I'll give a little commentary here. I think community count is largely overblown in terms of its importance and I'll tell you why. Our Del Webb communities are all fully opened and we have a long runway of lots out in front of us there. So I don't think you're going to see incremental land spend of significance beyond whatever we need for current closings to get those into operation because they already are fully operating. One of the disadvantages of so much focus on community count is one community might not equal another and in fact, our situation is we're closing out a number of communities with just a very few lots left, which frankly, are winding down some of the more picked-over lots. But the ones we're opening are not only higher margin and more embedded strength from that standpoint, but longer lot positions than the few lots that we're closing out. So the communities per se are not always equal. As you look at the Del Webb business particularly, we are seeing strength there. We're excited about that since it's roughly 1/3 of our overall business and we have significant assets there. But those communities are all open. Save the one in Houston where we're putting a lot of new infrastructure dollars in, for the most part our Del Webbs are fully functioning and we've got years and years of runway in front of us there.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Ivy, I think your commentary is right there. There's an enormous amount of land that's still not trading out there. And I do believe it's going higher from here. And for those that are not into, as an example, the Rialto-type transactions, I think pickings are going to be slimmer from here. And it's going to clearly take a combination of rising fundamentals to be able to underwrite deals. We are frankly, not too worried about that given our very long land supply and our desire to drive better turns with the existing land we have. And we've been singing this tune for two or three years that in the early parts of the downturn, or the early parts of recovery, we're going to look disadvantaged because we are not picking up as much of the distressed assets as others. Later in the cycle, we're going to be advantaged. I don't know if we're at that turning point here, but I frankly like our land portfolio and what I see, going forward, because we're not feeling very desperate, if you will, to make deals pencil. I just was trying to point out there that we're trying to be cautious. The last thing we want to do is buy an asset today and impair it. And we've had enough of that fun.
Richard Dugas: Nishu, I think you've described it reasonably accurately. I mean, costs are going to be down, margins x interest are going to be up. I frankly think it's going to take execution on our business plan. I'm not going to give you specific guidance there. Clearly, we're going to be more challenged in the early parts of the year as we help to build a backlog versus where we're headed later in the year, overall. But I believe that our business is on track for a recovery this year. The charges are clearly going to have an impact on that if we continue to have them. It's our sincere hope that we don't and we like the way the year's starting out. So that would point to good things relative to land that we've previously looked at, not being impaired in the future. I think we are hopefully beginnings of a ninth inning of that game as opposed to maybe the seventh or eighth before. But I think you've characterized it correctly. Our underlying fundamentals are looking positive, but we're not going to get specific about profitability here.
Richard Dugas: Nishu, I'll just add one other thing. Remember that as Del Webb, as part of our business, 50-percent-plus or minus those buyers pay cash, so one of the benefits of an improving stock market and an improving business in Del Webb is they're less exposed to the lending environment than others. So that's something that we look at positively.
Richard Dugas: Josh, this is Richard. We talked about sequential improvements from Q1 through Q4 as we go through the year and that's what we're looking at. Frankly, our margin gap versus where we want to be is still substantial. So we're not quantifying how much. We're getting there, but we like what we're seeing. As I was responding to someone earlier, as we get closer and closer to what the operations are telling us, we have opportunity to change. But we're not going to specify the specific amount of improvement projected.
Richard Dugas: From a community count perspective and that's a very difficult one to look at because the Del Webb communities have a significant higher lot count per community. But we have 152 communities of our 786 that are Del Webb-related, but we'll work on the lot count for you.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Carl. We've been doing that quite a bit of analysis internally and in fact, historically, our Webb margins have always outperformed. And yes, I do think we would expect the trajectory of Webb margins to exceed that of other areas for a couple of reasons. One is on the entry-level sector, there's only so much that buyer can pay you even if they would like to pay you more because of financial limitations. Secondly, we've learned over the years, that the Del Webb buyer because it's a very discretionary purchase for them, they want what they want, is the best way I would say it and they're more willing to pay you for lot premiums and option revenue, things like that than other categories. So yes, we would look for outperformance there to even expand from the current spread we have.
Richard Dugas: Yes. Stephen, I would tell you a couple of things. First of all, we're not at all satisfied with our margin performance and frankly, as I've gotten closer to the operations after some of our structural changes of last summer, my eyes are significantly more opened to our gaps than they were quite candidly. And we're doing a lot about that internally. I think that's one of the reasons that x interest, we're forecasting margin growth in 2011 in clearly a continued challenged environment. You reference a large gap we have versus the competition. I don't know how much of that we can make up quickly, but I can tell we're not satisfied with where it is. I would not underestimate the degree of house cost improvement we can make because the more that I see internally, I think we've got some embedded costs that frankly need to come out. And we're working aggressively on those. Unfortunately, with roughly four to six months of homes in production at any one time, you can't recognize it one day and see it the next quarter. It takes a little while for it to come through. But ever since the early part of '09, we've been on a sequential improvement trend on margins and we expect that to continue.
Richard Dugas: Stephen, we are seeing an improvement in January in all of the sectors. I think clearly the market's all tied together to some degree. We're seeing a little bit better performance, like I mentioned in Webb. But the entry-level and move up market are beginning to improve versus what we had seen all the way around.
Richard Dugas: Yes, I think we've got home design overcomplications in many instances that we've seen. I think some of the base house items that we've added into our homes, as opposed to optioning them have frankly caused us to put some things into some of our homes that some buyers are not willing to pay for, and we're just diluting our margins by offering them as opposed to a lower base offering and then a little bit different option policy, things like that. It's a combination of items. But when you're digging harder for the reasons for your gaps versus the industry, these are the kinds of things that we're finding and that's what I'm doing.
Richard Dugas: Well, the problem with answering that question is that everybody is a little different. We saw Centex was different when we acquired them from the way we were doing it. I would just offer the following. On the operating line is where we like to look at it more because we think it’s more reflective of the true bottom line of the business, overall. And I would tell you my personal opinion, we're doing the job on the SG&A side and a credible job there, but still on the gross side, we've got room to go. But to compare and give you a number in terms of us versus the competition is very difficult because frankly, not everyone breaks it out the same way we do and we'd have to analyze every single builder and can't really do that on a call like this, I don't know...
Richard Dugas: Mike, it's probably not a 50 basis point change. This is more than that just on the commission line, but we'll try to get you more specifics as we can maybe offline.
