Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Nishu, great question and obviously the incremental closings we think could provide incremental cash flow somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 million.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, I think as we’ve talked about, we don’t want to be targeting numbers going forward but we’ll be reporting what we do. Having said that, we remain in the camp where we’re not stock pickers, we’re not making explicit calls on valuations. We look at the capital needs of the business. We look at the capital generation of the business. And so certainly if we project an incremental $100 million of cash flow that will influence our thinking. But what we want to do is over time be systematic in our return of capital to shareholders but with the premise being if we’re constructive on the market and we are today that we want to invest in the business as long as we can do that at high returns. So that will be our primary view. So as we look at multiyear needs of capital and have not just what we have in line of sight over the next six or nine months, it’s actually over the next two or three years. We worked together here and then with our Board to think about how much to allocate to share repurchases. And we’ll let you know how we proceed with that quarter-by-quarter.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Susan, it’s Bob. We certainly see the same thing everybody else does. It’s interesting. Lumber, which we had highlighted coming into the year that we expect it to see sort of follow the historical seasonal trend down has not. And so we see price pressure there. The lot labor market, as Ryan talked about, is still challenging. You hear about tariff-related increases on steel and aluminum. So having said that, there is inflationary pressure on commodities. The good news is that we’ve seen a market that’s allowed us to price to cover most of that. So we have guided I think 2.5% to 3% on inflationary pressure. We see that still every bit of it, maybe a little bit more depending on what lumber does over the balance of the year. But we still feel good about our margin guide based on the strength of our backlog and the strength of the selling environment today.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, it’s a good question. We actually do buy on a trailing 13-week average price which gets reset quarterly. So we have the ability to do it at least in terms of production timelines is the lumber that gets delivered is going to be priced consistently with when we actually sold the house. So we sell the house, we’ll build it six, eight weeks later. The lumber that gets delivered is going to be based on the pricing that was in effect. So we feel like we’ve got some ability to control the cost input and related margin estimates on the backlog that we’ve got. Certainly it’s one of the primary components of the house costs. So like I said we’re at 3%, maybe even a little bit above it going through fiscal '18.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: We candidly haven’t done that historically and so I’ll offer to say that we’re not going to today. And largely because the return characteristics change over time depending on where you are in cycle and in investments and so our goal is to invest at high returns. And if we do that, we think we’ll generate good returns on equity over time particularly of being a company that does have part of the capital allocation buying back stock.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: It’s Bob. I think the answer to that depends on how the sellers behave. We’ve been pretty clear over time that when we’re doing this, we’re not putting money sources between us and land sellers. We’re typically negotiating with the land seller. And so what we’re really seeking to do is a, preserve capital efficiency and b, to try and mitigate market risk. And so our ability to do that is going to be predicated on sellers’ willingness to do that. We haven’t put a mandate out in front of the field that says, we want to make sure that you only have two years of owned supply in any one deal or that you have to have optionality and it’s just that the economics makes sense. So with that having been said to Ryan’s point, we’ve done a pretty nice job getting up to almost 40%. We think we might get there by the end of the year. But it’s directional as opposed to a target.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, this is something we’ve been asked about for years. It’s hard and getting harder I think is the right way to characterize this. You have to spend time. You got to work through the planning commission. You’ve got to work with local residents. Especially if you think about where Pulte has been investing, we’ve not worked out into the exurbs, so that secondary or tertiary. We’ve tried to stay a little bit closer. So it’s typically going to be higher density. It’s going to be more infill or closer and I think the entitlements are there. Certainly on the Coast, it has been a challenge for years. I think the entitlement timelines are extending just about everywhere.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: No. Essentially I would actually say it’s the opposite. The more optionality we can build into our land pipeline, the less cash we have to invest in land which would free up capital for other purposes. So as an example if we cut our land spend in half because we did twice as much optionality, we have more cash available to invest obviously or to do other things with whether it was dividends or repurchases.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Paul, the only thing I’d add to that is a 100%. As part of our strategic planning every year, we sit down with our local operating teams and that is one of the things we cover. Do you have local market scale? And if you don’t, how are you going to get it? What are the investment criteria we need to think about? How much capital do you need to do it? So to Ryan point, does it influence our capital allocation? Without question.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Jay, it’s Bob. Certainly we noticed the fact that absorptions are down 3%. We’ve looked at it. We don’t see anything in particular whether it’s part of the market, part of the geography. Paces were up 17% last year, so a challenging comp. We feel really good about the active adult buyer. Candidly we’re looking for more ways to serve them whether it is through the active adult Del Webb brand, those our DiVosta brand in certain parts of the market and through our Pulte brand in other parts of the market. So the demographic pull is strong. The health of that consumer group is excellent. So really nothing to report other than we think we were up against a tough comp.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, I’ll answer the second one first. Our guidance 3% to 5% up each quarter compares to the prior year comparable quarter. And if you look at the growth year-over-year, we were up about 9% in first-time community count, 8% in move-up and 8% in active adult. So it’s pretty consistent across the spectrum of the demographic groups.
Ryan Marshall: Nishu, it’s Ryan. We are seeing nice strength in our California markets both in Northern and Southern California. So we’re very pleased with how the operations are performing there. The point that we are trying to make and highlighting Q1 is we had a few delays that we talked about in Q4 related to some permit and entitlement delays. The margins from some of those closings that carried into Q1 certainly had a little bit more of an impact on our Q1 volume and it had an influence on ASP and margins. So that’s all we were trying to highlight there but we were very pleased with how California is performing.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, great question and it’s really just playing out the strategy that we’ve been articulating for the last couple of years that in an ideal setting we’d like to see a mix of about 50-50; 50% owned, 50% optioned. And I think what you’re seeing in our results in the most recent quarter is that we are moving well along that path that we’ve articulated. So we’re approaching the 40% range. We think that by continuing to execute the strategy that we’ve laid out, we can get closer to that 50%. It’s directional in where we’re going as opposed to hitting a specific number.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen, I appreciate the comments and we highlighted it for a reason. We do think that it’s one of the necessary elements that the entire industry is likely going to have to embrace to deal with the continued labor challenges that the industry is facing. So we’re putting efforts inside of the organization at studying and evaluating how we can incorporate it and integrate it into our business for future success. I will highlight and note that there will be winners and losers as the entire industry looks to incorporate manufacturing. Our company has a long history going back some 20 to 25 years of innovation around manufacturing and vertically integrated technologies. And our Founder Bill Pulte was someone who was very passionate about innovations in this space. So we’re looking at a number of different things inclusive of wall panels and integrated plumbing and electrical connections, vertically integrated trades. I think we’re looking at the full complement of potential things that we could use to improve our operations. It’s not going to be a one size fits all. It will depend on geography and it will depend on our scale in different markets and regions. And it’s going to take some time. It’s not going to happen overnight. So we can continue to run our business the way that we have been we think for the foreseeable future, but we do believe it’s not a matter of if but when the change comes. And we want our investor base and our shareholders to know that we’re putting some efforts around studying this and making sure that our organization’s ready. The reason that we highlighted the commonly managed plans which we’ve been working on now for the better part of five years having a more streamlined planned platform with high throughput we think is a big lever to unlock success or lack thereof around manufacturing.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen, I think it’s a great question and certainly scale matters and it’s something that we’ve talked about for a long time. You’ve heard us talk about relative market share. And so I think volume, scale at a national level are certainly part of the equation. We frankly believe that scale at the local level is probably even more impactful and more important. As far as the manufacturing piece and if there are third party providers that are – if I understand your question right, those third party providers are manufacturers, they are the ones that will benefit more from the scale as opposed to the large builders. It’s certainly possible. I think the question really becomes, are you making or buying? And we’re looking at both alternatives where you may be buying panelization which may just purely be an unlock or a way to overcome labor shortages and challenges. The other side of it is we may be the manufacturer and that’s certainly on the table as well.
Ryan Marshall: Susan, I think it was more – the point that we were trying to make is we saw some softness in the higher price points in the Southeast a year ago in the same quarter. We commented at that point in time that it was really about a very local competitive environment, some of the communities that we were going head-to-head against at that particular point in time. We’ve seen some of that softness dissipate and certainly the tight inventory that’s out there is having an impact. That being said, I think it does come back to some of the broader fundamentals. Interest rates are still incredibly low. We’re seeing a backdrop of a strong economy. I think all of those things are contributing to that price point performing well for us.
Ryan Marshall: Hi, Alan, it’s Ryan. What I would tell you with buyer behavior is I think when buyers go into the housing market, they have a need for housing that is being driven by changes in life events. And I think at that point in time they look at what they can afford based on the prevailing rate at that point in time. While we certainly have seen a movement in rates, we’re still at an incredibly affordable overall rate environment which I think is the big theme here. And we still see lower margins on the spec homes that we sell which is one of the reasons that we prefer to sell to-be-built or dirt sales as we’re more profitable on those. So whether somebody wants a spec or a dirt I think really comes down to what they’re need for housing is. Are they coming out of an apartment, are they relocating, have they already sold their home, et cetera? I think those are the bigger drivers versus can I lock in a rate. The other thing that I would tell you is our financial services division, they do a great job of providing longer term rate locks which I think help to mitigate some of that fear. And then right now kind of back to the first part of your question, Alan, just in terms of how many specs we have in the system, it is about 25% of our starts and we have roughly 2,500 homes that are in some stage of construction that are specs.
Ryan Marshall: So, Marshall, we think we’re about at the rate that we’ll operate at going forward. We said all along our target was right around 80%. The other 20% that we build that aren’t necessarily part of our commonly managed portfolio, those are in more infill, more difficult locations that require a specific unique product. So we think we’re there in terms of the percentage that we get. In terms of the margins, I don’t know that we’ve specifically disclosed or provided margins but one of the benefits that we derive and one of the reasons that we implement at the commonly managed plans is our cost are better. These plans have been value engineered, they’ve been should cost’ed [ph], they’ve been intentionally designed to live better to provide better livability to the consumer which we believe translates into higher sales prices and lower costs. So just directionally I would tell you we have better margins on those plans.
Ryan Marshall: If you’re making the reference to the redesign of our commonly managed active adult portfolio, the progress on those is going well. We have a very detailed process that we follow in testing those. They are in the market being tested and being first built and those will rollout more broadly to new communities as they open into 2019.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, there is a lot there. This is Ryan. I’ll try and touch on a couple of pieces and then maybe the pieces that we missed you can come back with follow on. The first thing I would tell you is that we don’t underwrite the margin. Our focus is on delivering the best return profile that we can for the business. Certainly margin and pace are two of the significant levers that play into that as well as the asset turns and how efficient we are with the asset. So it’s managed on a community-by-community basis frankly. Sometimes it’s margins, sometimes it’s pace and it’s really working to find what the optimal blend of that is. We think we’re doing a pretty good job of it right now. Our margins are sector leading, industry leading and we like where we’re at. We’re getting nice absorptions. We’re getting good asset efficiency and it’s translating into a nice return profile. I think we’ve got the dials appropriately adjusted but we’re constantly looking at it and making tweaks.
Ryan Marshall: Pete, the other thing I’d want to maybe just correct. We are directionally moving in the 50% direction. It will likely take longer than the next one to two years. So I think what Bob talked about is right. It depends on the seller. We don’t – we like the benefits that we derive from having more option lots. They do come at a cost and we’ve got to work that into our overall economics of land acquisition.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, the more affordable price points are certainly performing well but we’ve got a broader range of products throughout all of our Florida markets. We operate in nearly every major city within Florida and with that comes kind of a broad range of price points. I think our Florida team has done an outstanding job with strategy and land positioning, community positioning there. We’ve got good execution. We operate all four of our brands there well. So I think it’s kind of the full complement of what our company offers is contributed to our success in Florida.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Carl, good question. We’re seeing mostly raw, mostly self developed. There are a few developed lot positions out there. But as I think we and probably you’ve heard from a lot of our competitors, the developer base really was decimated in the downturn and they have not come back in a meaningful way. So there’s a few markets where there’s a good developer base and I think when available – when they put finished lots on the ground and if they’re available, we’d certainly take them. But it goes through the same underwriting process that we do any other transaction.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Carl, M&A really falls into the – and it goes back to some of the things that Bob was talking about as it relates to capital and use of cash and share buybacks. When we articulate our capital allocation priorities, number one was to invest in our business and M&A falls into that category. So a deal that would make sense for us would be one that we think is consistent and in line with our overall land acquisition strategy. We don’t believe that we need any other brands and we don’t believe that we need anyone else’s homebuilding platform. We think the one that we have is superior. So it would really be about if there is a land acquisition opportunity that was in the form of M&A.
Ryan Marshall: Right. And then as far as would we use that extra cash which I think was part of where your question was, would we use that extra cash to buy more shares? It really goes back to one of the answers that Bob gave several questions back. It’s a committed priority of our capital allocation strategy. We’re not providing any forward guidance other than to say it’s something that we’re going to be a consistent re-purchaser of the equity.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Paul, it’s a good question. What I would tell you is we seek to increase scale in all of our markets. And if we don’t have scale, we’ll leave. We highlighted St. Louis in particular in the Midwest that contributed some of our year-over-year decline or comp in comparison to prior year. So does it influence where we’re making investments? Absolutely. But other economic factors in markets in particular are certainly a driver as well. Is the population growing, are there jobs there, how does that local market behave and how do we see the opportunity to deploy our brands and our strategy into those cities in particular.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Paul, I think that’s a day-by-day decision as we evaluate what the value is in the marketplace. And so affordability is always a factor. It’s certainly getting more and more expensive to buy a home. But as we measure the supply and demand environment and each individual community, that’s what drives those decisions not one specific data point of a rate.
Ryan Marshall: It’s an interesting question, it’s also a hard one to answer because – and I know this is going to be a non-answer but mix matters. So what are we buying and what consumer group is it serving, because if you’re buying finished lots, you’re going to have lower contribution margin but it might be still excellent return. If you’re buying raw, you might need a little bit more margin to make the return make sense. And how that feathers [ph] into the profile matters. So having said that, I don’t think there’s any structural difference between different parts of the market right now. We would expect if we see contraction coming or if we see real opportunity. Clearly the pricing environment in California has been one that has been able to allow price appreciation but the land is expensive. I know that’s not a real answer to your question but it really does matter how and when and what type of land you’re buying.
