Ryan Marshall: As you would anticipate, given our 43% increase in net new orders, we saw strong demand throughout the quarter. Q3 displayed more typical seasonality than we have experienced in the three years since COVID as absorption pace eased as we moved through the quarter. Demand has been a little choppier in the first few weeks of October with more volatility in the day-to-day sales numbers.  I’m sure for some buyers, higher rates have pushed affordability just that much further away, while others may be worried about their jobs. For other buyers, global unrest may simply have them thinking of other things. We are fortunate to have an experienced operating team that will make adjustments if and when needed.  On a year-over-year basis, for the first nine months of 2023, we have increased net income by $156 million and increased earnings by share by 17%. Over the same period, we’ve increased our cash position by approximately $1.6 billion while dropping our net debt to capital ratio effectively to zero. Based on guidance that we’ve given, we look forward to delivering exceptional full year results for 2023. From population growth and demographics to supply dynamics and the tremendous opportunity for wealth creation through home ownership, we are bullish on long term housing demand. Over the near term, however, we fully appreciate the affordability challenges being created by higher mortgage rates and the potential impacts from an economic slowdown the Federal Reserve is hoping to bring about. As such, we remain disciplined in how we operate our business particularly as it relates to investing in land, the pace of production, the allocation of capital, and the quality of homes and experience we deliver to our customers. We have a clear and successful operating model against which we have been executing for over a decade, so decision making throughout the organization is consistent and actions are implemented quickly. This strong organizational foundation along with tremendous financial strength has PulteGroup well positioned for ongoing success. In closing, I want to thank the entire team at PulteGroup for their tremendous efforts in delivering for our home buyers, our shareholders, and each other. I am so proud of what you accomplish every day. Let me turn the call back to Jim so we can begin Q&A.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Carl, so a lot of the work has already been done and what we’re seeing is some of the homes that are delivering now, and maybe better said, the homes that are starting now are on cycle times that will yield that overall cycle time of below 100 days, so it’s really about getting the older stuff that’s been in the pipeline, that’s got longer cycle times, that as those numbers close out, I think we’ll see our overall cycle times come in line with that target of 100 days.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Carl, happy to talk on October. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’ve seen sales in October, while good, they’ve been a little bit choppier than--you know, the day-to-day kind of numbers have been a little choppier. I think the biggest thing that I’d want you to hear is that similar to what we saw in the third quarter, we actually have seen a return to what we would consider seasonal type sign-up trends that we experienced pre-COVID, and we’ve seen that continue into October. On an absorption rate, the numbers that we’re seeing on absorptions per community are pretty similar to what we saw in 2018 and 2019 pre-COVID levels, which were pretty healthy, so all things considered, we feel pretty good about the continued ongoing desire for home ownership. It’s not lost on any of you out there listening, rates matter, and there has been a lot of rate movement over the last 30 days, and so I think the consumer, all things considered, has handled that really well.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Matt, thanks for the question. We continue to use the permanent 30-year buy-down as probably our most powerful incentive. Right now, we’ve got national incentives that offer 5.75% on a 30-year fixed, so I think given rates today on the open market would be over 8%, to be able to get a new home in a great location of the quality and design features that we have at 5.75%, I think is pretty powerful. I’ll remind everybody, what we’ve done is we’ve simply redistributed incentives that we’ve historically offered toward cabinets and countertops and things of that nature, we’ve redirected those to interest rate incentives, and I think that’s the--you know, that’s been the most powerful thing for that buyer group.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, well you know, look - inflation is real, and we’ve previously talked about something in the neighborhood of 8% to 9% year-over-year inflation, which I think is part of the reason we’re in the rate environment that we’re in as the Fed’s trying to get a handle on that. What we’ve seen on our cost to build is on a year-over-year basis, we’re actually flat. Now, that’s a lot of commodity and material and labor increase in a number of categories that’s been offset by lumber save, so headline is we’re flat on a price per square foot to build year-over-year, but it’s a lot of increases in material and labor offset by lumber.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Mike, I’ll take part of that and then I’ll have Bob talk about the incentive load. As demonstrated by our orders in the quarter, we had 43% growth in new orders and it was a number of over 7,000, so I think we’ve clearly demonstrated that we’ve got the ability to sell homes. You’ve heard me talk about not being margin proud, but at the same time, we’re not going to give away price and incentives that we don’t have to, and I think we did exactly that in the third quarter and we’d continue to focus on making sure that we’re turning the asset and we’re getting the number of absorptions that we need in every single community to deliver the best return on invested capital that we can. Look, I think it was a great quarter. We’re happy with how sign-ups performed in October - you know, you heard me kind of talk about that on the question that Carl asked, so I won’t repeat it. Then Bob, if you can, maybe just talk a little bit about the incentive load. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes Mike, our crystal ball at this point, a couple of years out, we’re not there yet. We’re still kind of focused on Q4. We’ve given a guide for that quarter, when we get to kind of the end of Q4, we’ll certainly give a full year guide for the balance of 2024, but maybe the thing I do want to address is the incentive load that we currently have, that is allowing us to offer incentives on the interest rate, that’s been in our margin guide and our results for the entire year.  You’re seeing the impact of offering below-market interest rates as an incentive. It’s been in Q2 results, it was in our Q3 results and it’s in our Q4 guide, so no guidance about what margins direction will be beyond Q4 of this year, but that’s all embedded in our--you know, to this point, everything that we’ve been doing, that’s embedded in the results that we’ve delivered and the guide that we’ve given.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Joe, thanks for the question, and I’ll do my best to give you an answer. For the last decade, maybe even going on 12 years, the way that we’ve operated the business has been with a singular focus on delivering the best possible return on invested capital that we can. Given the capital intensive nature of this business, for us we think that’s the best way to make decisions and to operationalize our platform in a way that delivers high return on assets, high return on equity, whatever metric you want to look at. I think we’ve clearly done that. I highlighted in my prepared remarks that for the trailing 12 months, we delivered return on equity over 30%, and part of that derived from running a good business but also a very thoughtful and disciplined way in allocating capital, which includes things beyond just buying land and building homes. We are paying a dividend, we’ve bought back near 45% of the company over the last 10 to 12 years that we’ve had our share buyback program in place, and we just highlighted this quarter we opportunistically took advantage of the opportunity to buy some debt in, near term debt in that was trading below par. You know, I think maybe the best way I can describe it, Joe, we’re going to continue to focus on buying assets in great spots, turning those in a way that delivers high return on invested capital, and one of the other things that I think can also continue to give us flexibility and return-enhancing leverage is moving our land options to 70%, so. We sit at 53% today, we’ve given you kind of a long term target of 70%. We’ve got things in place and work underway that will help us get there.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, fourth quarter starts will be more reflective of order trends that we’re seeing in the fourth quarter. We’re starting more spec than we historically have. We’ve highlighted that we’ve completely moved our first-time business to a spec business, so some of that’s predetermined based on what we saw in the third quarter and what we would anticipate. But we’re just not going to get into kind of a position where we’ve got a build-up of spec inventory that creates pressure to do things that are unnatural on the pricing, but we are going to put some units in the ground to have those ready for Q1. You saw us do that last year, in the back half of last year that set us up for a really strong Q1 of 2023, so. You know, I’d want you to hear balanced approach, inventories going into the ground, we’re going to have it ready for Q1, but we are going to be responsive to some of the headwinds that we’ve acknowledged are out there in this current rate environment.
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, the other thing that I’d maybe just add to your conversation is some buyers, you know, they take the available incentives that we have that get them all the way to 5.75%. There are other buyers that decide that they don’t need to go all the way to 5.75% and they’d like to have a little bit higher rate and use some of the other incentive money that we’re offering for other things that they see value in. We’re seeing about 80% to 85% of our buyers are getting some form of incentive towards interest rates. That doesn’t mean everybody will go to 5.75%. Just some fraction of our total sales end up in that very lowest category.  The big headline is that we’ve got the tools out there and our sales team has got the tools out there to help individually solve what each and every buyer needs to make the transaction work for them.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Stephen, we are at a very--we’re at a lower leverage rate than what we’ve historically run at. I think that really more than anything, it’s a testament to the strength of the business. We’ve been operating really well and we have been generating a lot of cash. We’ve really been touching kind of all the critical parts of our capital allocation philosophy. We’ve invested a lot of money into land and land development, we’ve been paying our dividend, we’ve bought back the highest single quarter spend in shares this year in the third quarter at $300 million, and we bought back some debt, and with that, we still grew the cash balance, so I think it really demonstrates how strong the business is operating. In terms of your question on pricing and discounts and elasticity or inelasticity, we’re going to continue to price and set incentives at a level that we think is appropriate for the market. We’re going to be responsive, we’re not going to be margin proud. At the same time, I think we’ve got a good understanding of what value is, and you shouldn’t expect to see kind of the national year-end blowout, red tag kind of screaming baby sale from us - I don’t think that helps the consumer. But I think you’re seeing us put the appropriate incentive load such that we’re turning the asset, we’re turning the inventory, we’re making sure that we’re getting a minimum of two sales per active community, which is kind of the level that I think you need to be at in production homebuilding to deliver the types of return on assets, return on inventory, return on invested capital that we want.
Ryan Marshall: Ken, it’s Ryan, I’ll jump in on that. We haven’t sliced the bologna quite that thin, and I won’t attempt to do it on this call. We are a return-focused company. There is no change there. I think we’ve been the purveyors of the message, we don’t focus on margin, it’s a component of the overall operating model. We’re focused on return, and depending on the number of units we sell in a particular community and how quickly you turn the asset, if you do that fast enough, then it can offset and you can allow for lower gross margins. If you’re getting a lot just in time and somebody else is developing it and carrying it, and we can build in the hundred days that we’re talking about, it allows us to run a high returning business at a lower margin. That’s not a new concept, that’s exactly what we do, and it’s exactly what we’ll continue to do.
Ryan Marshall: Yes John, we were--I think the lowest we were was 5%, 5.25% at a national level. We had some specific markets that may have been sub-5% at 4.99%, but basically as you’ve seen the headline rate move from 7.5% to 8%, you’ve seen our promotional rate move up by that same 50 basis points.
Ryan Marshall: I think generally, that’s a good rule of thumb. I mean, there is--I think practically speaking, there’s a limit to how much money you can throw at the rate relative to what the headline number is.
Ryan Marshall: And then we haven’t given anything for ’24 yet, John, but as we’ve said in the past, you can see the capital that we’ve spent, for the land that we’ve spent this year, a pretty good indicator of what community count will be in the future, or you can use as a proxy for what community count can turn into in the future.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, so I don’t want to give away all of our trade secrets on that, but suffice it to say there are different rules based on who is--depending on which government agency rules you’re using for that mortgage program. For the upfront fees that we’re paying on a forward commitment, because those are done prior to having a home under contract, those fees do not count toward seller contribution; but there are additional incentives that have to be applied to the deal--that do have to be applied to the deal once the home’s under contract, those do certainly count towards the seller contribution, so to get to 5.75%, you’ve got some fees on the front end, you’ve got some fees on the back end. We do look at them in the aggregate, and those are the numbers that you’re hearing Bob talk about.
Ryan Marshall: No, we haven’t run that analysis, no. I would highlight that no matter the rate that we’re offering, we qualify the buyer on the 30-year, so a lot of the incentives that we’ve been doing have been 30-year fixed rate, so that is the rate we’re qualifying, but in the case that you do a temporary buy-down, the buyer is qualified at what the permanent 30-year rate will be. I think everybody knows that, but I think it’s worth highlighting because we don’t--none of us wants to see the industry back in a situation that we were in, in 2008.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Alan, I think we’re hearing the same things that you are, particularly on maybe availability of capital or the cost of capital on the land development side. There’s definitely, I think, some strain or tightness in that arena. I think that certainly might continue to create an opportunity the longer that we stay in a high rate environment.  I think it’s also a great opportunity for us to take market share. With our mortgage company, the size of our balance sheet, the ability to be active in the capital markets, I think it gives us an opportunity to do things that smaller local builders and maybe private builders can’t, so I think there is certainly a market share opportunity there as well. We’ve made build-to-rent a small piece of our business. We’ve got good relationships with national partners that we’re building some percentage of our annual deliveries for those operators, and I think we’ve talked extensively about that, that it will continue to be an arrow in our operational quiver.  Look - I’m really, really confident and pleased with the way we’re operating. The health of the business, the volume that we’re selling in kind of the core operations, and then when you go to the balance sheet, I think we’re set up to do a lot of great things that will continue to set us up for success down the road.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Alan, it’s a good question. The thing that I talk about with our operators, and I spend a lot of time in the field in our communities, in our division offices talking about exactly this, the mantra that we have inside the company is a minimum of two sales in every community. Now, certainly we have certain price points in communities that sell way more than two per community, but as a production homebuilder, it’s hard to have an active store that does less than two, you just--you know, you can’t make the returns work to the level of our expectations.  Below two per active community, that’s where we start looking at, hey, we are positioned right, do we have the right incentives, do we have the right pricing, do we have the right product, are we going after the right consumer? There’s a number of those levers that we pull, but it nets out to for this quarter, we were 2.5, but that two per community is kind of the level that we look at.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Truman, look, I think we’re really pleased with what our first-time business is doing. We’ve invested in it, and we’ve said our target was to get it to kind of 40% of our business, and we’ve done that. I think you’ve seen not only growth in absorptions but growth in communities, and the business is about where we’d like it to be. On one hand, that buyer doesn’t have a home to sell, they’re not locked into a low interest rate that they’re reluctant to get rid of, so I think that’s the positive with that first-time buyer. In terms of the headwinds, I think it’s obvious - it’s 8% interest rates, and that’s a buyer that’s got a down payment, hopefully, either they’ve saved it or it’s been gifted to them by parents, and then they’re going and getting a 30-year mortgage and they’re working on what they can afford based on their wages. The good news is wages are going up, which is helping affordability, but beyond rate-rate-rate, there’s probably not a bunch more that I could add in terms of the first-time buyer. Maybe just the last thing on the overall rate environment, look, high rates aren’t good for the consumer, they’re not good for housing, they’re not good for the broader economy, but we’re all kind of playing in the same environment and with the quality of the management team that we have and the way that we’re operating this company, I think we’ve proven that we’ve got the tools and the operational flexibility to be successful in any environment. This most recent quarter is a great example of that.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, roughly. I think that’s a good go-forward run rate. It’s higher than what we experienced pre-COVID - that’s mostly reflective of the size of our first-time business and entirely moving that to spec. We did highlight this quarter, 49% - that’s down from about 60% earlier in the year, so we feel pretty good about that performance in the spec business.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes Mike, you know, you can see in our data we’ve got about a 6% incentive load - that’s $35,000 a unit, rough math. That actually is down 10 basis points from Q2 of this year. It is certainly up - it was 2.2% last year, but the sales environment that led to the closings in Q3 of last year was dramatically different, so you can see kind of a normalization here at 6%.  I think you can take from our margin guidance for Q3 what we see closing in the fourth quarter, and we’ve got pretty good visibility into that at this moment, will not be significantly impactful. I would highlight that we’ve given a continuation of that same guide at 29.5% on margins. We have told you we’re going to be at the lower end of that, so there is some cost to this interest rate environment. 
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, hey Stephen, it’s Bob. It’s an evergreen process, honestly. We are buying contracts typically weekly, actually, and they are market-based. We set the pricing on that, and that determines the price to us to offer that value to the consumer, so the rate that Ryan talked about is a negotiated price and essentially we fill the cost of being able to provide that contract rate to our consumer. There is an upfront fee for purchasing the contract and then there is the rate buy-down as part of that, and so it’s a--you know, it’s not like we’re buying now for three and six months from now. These are contracts that we enter into that we expect to build, candidly, within 30 days, and typically we’re filling them within a week, so it’s a--you know, it’s very market responsive. As rates go up, it’s why you’ve seen what we’ve offered has moved up a little bit. We’ve increased our cost as part of that to a degree, so it’s a process we’ve been working through for, gosh, 10 or 11 months now since we put it in place, and we’ve found it works pretty well.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Maybe to put a finer point on that, as Ryan said, 80% to 85% of the people have an incentive program, only 25% of the business in the quarter was through that national campaign that you asked about, so. Those are targeted to specific inventory units typically, but we offer incentives to all of our consumers - we always have, and as Ryan has stated already today, the vast majority of those incentives now across all of our buyers is financing-oriented. 
Robert O’Shaughnessy: We’ve talked about our options and lot premiums being a consistent driver of value. It’s part of the way we go to market. We think it’s one of the strengths of our sales process. In the most recent quarter, that was $107,000, it’s up $3,000 sequentially and year-over-year, so that is still part of our sales operation. It’s how we go to market, and yes, 20% is roughly where we are. I wouldn’t expect that to change as long as market dynamics stay where they are.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Ken, there’s a lot there. Let me start with--I had highlighted this before, our incentive load is about 6%, $35,000, so that would tell you 6.3%, something like that, and again I think we’ve highlighted the majority of that incentive is rate buy-down for financing support, so I think that’s the answer to your first question. I apologize -your second question was, I think what percentage of our--
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, I think very consistent with what we’ve said, we think we’ll be up 5% to 10% over fourth quarter of last year.
