Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Jim, and good morning. I appreciate the opportunity to speak with you today at our PulteGroup's strong third quarter operating and financial results. We continue to realize top and bottom line growth driven by the business strategies and capital allocation priorities we've executed over the past several years. As reported in this morning's release, even with the severe weather conditions in Q3 our 11% increase in sign-ups, 100 basis point increase in operating margins, and 40% increase in adjusted earnings per share attest to the strong financial performance we were able to deliver. Before we discuss our results in detail, I want to provide a few comments about hurricanes Harvey and Irma and the impacts they had and are having on our business. First and foremost, I'm thankful that we can say that all of our employees are safe and we're actually working to support members of our team whose lives were disrupted by the storms. In less than 48 hours PulteGroup employees contributed well over $100,000 which the company in turn matched to aid any employees impacted by the hurricanes. While I was not at all surprised by the outpouring of support it was still gratifying to see. We we're also fortunate in the damage to our communities in Texas, Florida, and the Carolinas was minimal. More specifically, none of our homes under construction, our models, or our sales centers were flooded or suffered significant wind damage. Depending on the specific market once the storm surpassed our communities were fully operational within a few days to a couple of weeks. That being said, the process of closing down and then reopening approximately 175 communities at various times resulted in the loss of numerous selling and construction days across multiple major markets. These disruptions were compounded by the resulting impact on the consumer in the days leading up to and after the storms. Rather than estimating the number of potential sign-ups that were lost we can tell you that the sign-ups in July and August were up roughly 15% over last year, but that increase fell to just 3% companywide for the month of September resulting from the disruptions in Houston, Florida and coastal Carolinas. Two takeaways from these numbers, overall buyer demand was robust in the quarter and the slowdowns caused by hurricanes Harvey and Irma were significant. Customer traffic has improved in the weeks following the storm, but as I'm sure you can appreciate, the process of recovery has varied by market. One final point that I would like to make relating to the storms is that while trade labor availability has held up a little bit better than we expected, we are certainly incurring higher prices for that labor and the associated materials. In addition, municipal resources needed for permitting and/or utility crews to bring power to communities and homes have been strained. Fortunately, municipalities are beginning to wind down hurricane response activities which is allowing them to shift more of their resources toward builder related permitting. At the same time the utility crews are being freed up to work on connecting power to new homes. In summary, the damage from hurricanes Harvey and Irma could have been much, much worse, but we did and will continue to feel the impact on our business for several quarters. Despite the hurricanes, there are so many positives to be taken from our third quarter results. As Bob will detail, we continue to realize meaningful growth in our business with an 11% increase in sign-ups and a 9% increase in homebuilder revenues compared with the prior year. We were then able to compound this topline growth into 40% growth in adjusted earnings per share. I would emphasize the point that we are not just growing for growth sake, rather we are operating in alignment with our strategic focus on delivering higher returns. For the trailing 12 months ended September 2017 our return on equity increased by more than 200 basis points over the comparable prior year period and is now about 14%. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our third quarter and our year-to-date performance and with our third quarter backlog at a 10-year high we are well-positioned to deliver strong full-year results. Now, let me turn the call over to Bob for a more thorough review of our quarterly results.
Ryan Marshall: Yes we didn’t parse it out and it certainly has had an impact. But you know the guide that we gave at the end of our second quarter for the back half of the year was 23.6% to 24.1%. We had a sequential improvement of 50 basis points over the second quarter going to 23.9% in this quarter. For the fourth quarter we still anticipate staying within our guide, but as Bob mentioned in his remarks will be towards the lower end of that guide and that factors in the impacts we're expecting from higher labor costs and the loss of those higher margin communities.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, we haven't provided any update on repurchase activity in the fourth quarter. We did indicate that we currently expect to complete the $1 billion share buyback so that would obviously show that we're going to be buying during the quarter. In terms of the spend, yes we had just under $300 million of land spend brings us to just under $800 million, so we had guided to 1.1. We think we will be just around there and on development spend yes we think we'll be here the guidance we've given at the beginning of the year.
Ryan Marshall: Pete, this is Ryan. The other thing that I'd just add in there is, one of the things that is, one of the things going on in the entire industry is land entitlements are taking longer and so part of the reason that we set the milestones at 50% owned, 50% options is I think it gives us the predictability of our forward business that we believe we need. It also takes into consideration the impact of our Del Webb assets which tend to run a little bit longer than a Centex or a Pulte branded community. So I think Bob hit the nail on the head. What we're really looking for is risk transfer, more option is generally better, but as governing guidepost for the your organization we think 50-50 is the right mix.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike good morning. This is Ryan. We haven't provided any guide to 2018 at this point as Bob mention in his remarks we’ll plan to do that as part of our Q4 call. We’ll give you some guidance ranges for next year including community count. I think you've seen from the land investments that we've been making that we've certainly been growing our land pipeline which as you know will translate into community count and volume growth over time. We have been putting up some pretty strong growth numbers this quarter being yet another one this year with a 11% growth and I think it's reflective of how we've been increasing investments into the business. We've talked for a while that we want to grow with or even above the market and so I think at a broader level that's how we're thinking about our growth prospects for the future is that we'll be keeping up or growing slightly faster than the market.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, so Mike, we're seeing generally pretty favorable availability on labor but we're paying for it, specifically in Houston. That's the place where we're seeing premiums being paid predominantly around drywall, trim and paint labor. We've been able to keep the labor on our job sites but we have had to pay up for it. A little bit of the same thing going on in certain parts of Florida, again the labor is there but it is coming at a premium given some of the recovery efforts. The one that I'd highlight Mike, that I think has a national impact which we're paying very close attention to is lumber. Lumber was on an upward trend even before some of the catastrophic natural disaster events that we've seen over the last 60 to 90 days. So that's the one that I think we all need to be paying attention to for 2018. I think the premiums that are being paid for labor in Houston and Florida that will subside in time. the lumber impacts could be longer lasting.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, really no change in our appetite for M&A. I'd point you back to our capital allocation philosophy which we defined and we continue to reiterate. We want to invest in our business in new land acquisition and we've put M&A in that category sort of the extent that there's an attractive opportunity from a land pipeline standpoint and we think we give some added benefits from that acquisition we're certainly open to it. The challenges with M&A is as you well know are the integration challenges, but if the land opportunity makes enough sense I think you'll figure out how to how to make that integration happen, so no change in our appetite. We look at a lot of deals, but really no different than organic land acquisition. We want to make sure that it makes sense.
Ryan Marshall: Hey Bob, good morning. This is Ryan. Thanks for the comment on SG&A. It's certainly been a focus. I think we've done a nice job getting it tightened up. It would execute against the business plans that we put in place for the year. As far as continued improvement on that we're always going to be looking to improve the efficiency, but any substantial gains in the future will really come with growth of the business. So that's where I would look to it. We have done a nice job against the guide that we provided for 2017 and we're certainly kind of proud of that. We'll look to give kind of future guidance for 2018 in our fourth quarter. Keep in mind we did make the accounting change with commissions at the beginning of the year. So, our commissions are fully rolled into our SG&A spend at this point in time. So, I think you pull that out and you look at it in historical terms how we have typically have reported it. The gains are pretty substantial that we've made on the SG&A front.
Ryan Marshall: Thanks Bob. The West has been very strong. I highlighted in some of my prepared remarks it's really been driven by California. California, right now is doing well and I think you've heard that not only from us but some of our competitors. Nevada has performed very well for us this year as has Arizona. So those are the markets that are driving the order growth for us in current quarter. As far as markets for next year, my favorite markets are any place where there is strong job growth because I think when you look at the underlying fundamentals that will continue to fuel housing demand and housing growth is in those markets where we're seeing growing economies and added jobs, so that's where my bet would be for 2018.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Jack it's a great question and to your point we ran 15% up in July and August which I think speaks to the strength of the market. September was 3% up and that was, in our view anyway purely driven by the storm related impacts. From the pace price equation that's certainly something that we pay attention to in every single community and it truly is a community by community decision that we make. Our focus is and always has been that we're looking to drive the best possible return that we can for the shareholder. In some cases that's going to be pace, in some cases that’s going to be price, so I think we let the dog off the leash where it makes sense. We're looking for the best financial outcome. And I think all of our shareholders and investors should take comfort in that. In terms of maybe just same store growth or absorption growth, we are up 15% in first time which probably doesn't come as a surprise. I think the entire industry is seeing growth with that consumer group and we are as well. We were 2% up in move-up and then we are down 10% active adult and I really put that decline on Florida because we've got such a high concentration of active adult communities there as with Houston, we've two Del Webb communities in Houston and between Houston as well as the entire state of Florida that's a big part of our active adult business and that's I think what drove that 10% down.
Ryan Marshall: And Paul, I think the guide that we gave on margins for the back half of the year at 23.6% to 24.1% reiterates the fact that, what Bob just talked about with the 1.5% to 2% guide we are still right there, everything is trending in the direction that we thought and we've made the one-time adjustments based on some of the things that have happened or will pull us towards the lower end of that guide for the fourth quarter results.
Ryan Marshall: Well, we'd certainly like it to continue to move higher. We haven't articulated a goal and that’s something that we'll consider as the full sort of guidance that we provide for 2018.
Ryan Marshall: And Carl, that really reflects some of the commentary that I think you've heard from me consistently over the last year since I've been in the chair where we wanted to be more reflective of what the market opportunity is and I think you're seen that start to happen. So to Bob's point, not a tectonic shift, but definitely a shift where we started to see increased investment in that first-time space. It will take time to move the entire portfolio given the size of it, but we're happy with the direction that our field operators are taking and assessing the market opportunity and putting capital to work against all buyer groups.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Alex, certainly mix matters a lot when you're looking at that, but you know the big driver was Northern California where the price points tend to run significantly higher than any of the other regions that we operate in. And our business there is more and more concentrated in the Bay Area which starting prices there start with 6s and 7s as opposed to 2s and 3s.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Mark. The range I would give you 7% to 10% of total revenue is what the lumber would represent. In terms of the material or the house cost piece it can run in the 15% to 20% range depending on the market.
Ryan Marshall: Yes the thought process is Mark, one of the things that we've done over the last three to four years, we've put a lot of investment into dynamic pricing tools and pricing strategy is part of our value creation efforts and our value creation toolset. And we've done a lot of work around dynamic pricing that has allowed us to realize some of the pricing gains and margin gains that we've realized over the past four to five years and we'll continue to do that. So certainly cost is an input. We pay attention to it. We do not price to cost, we price to the market and so what you're looking for is what is the market opportunity and what's the market's ability to absorb those price increases. So it's a little bit of a given and a take where we're certainly looking to cover the input costs that are going into the project. But if the consumers are unable or unwilling to take it, that's what you've ultimately got to react to.
Ryan Marshall: Susan this is Ryan. I may be a little biased because I love the beach and I love the sunshine and I love the water and I think the majority of our buyers do as well. So I'd say that a little bit tongue in cheek. The simple answer is no, we have not seen any kind of a psychological impact in the buyers in terms of how they're thinking about Florida. In fact it may go the other way that you had what was a 100-year or maybe even a 200-year type storm event and Florida really performed well. The flooding for the most part was under control which I think is a testament to the way that we're developing communities and the way the drainage systems are working. From a wind standpoint your structures withstood category four, sometimes category five sustained winds and performed very well. Landscaping was really the major - the landscaping and power grid those were the things that were damaged the most. So time will tell, hard to predict what buyer psyche will do, but we are still bullish on Florida and I think the buyers will be as well.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Susan, I hope that common sense prevails. The things in Florida while warranted are expensive and the construction codes and the methodologies that we use there are more expensive than other parts of the country. So I think you want all good things in measure. I don't know that you want to necessarily overreact and overbuild where it is not required. You know as far as drainage and water retention and some of those things, I'd point to Houston and it wasn't just our communities. I think you probably heard from all of our entire industry the newer communities performed quite well when it came to managing and dealing with the water on the construction sites especially in the newer development areas. So I'd like to believe that things are performing about as expected and as we continue to cycle out some of the older housing stock and bring things up to current code and current drainage standards I think things are performing pretty well.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, it's a fair question and I think we've been pretty consistent over time that when we look at optionality what we're really looking for is market risk transfer. And so it's not about putting money source between us and the land, if it doesn't transfer that market risk because that's actually too expensive. So what we really get down to is on an transaction-by-transaction basis are we able to affect a structure that actually serves both parties where we actually are able to manage our market risk by creating optionality and asset efficiency. So I don't know that there is a - we have to be at 50% at any one point in time nor what I say that we were targeting two-thirds or whatever, if we can get there great, but it really is sort of a transaction-by-transaction dialogue.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, to clarify it’s 295 of land acquisitions spend in the quarter and development was $382 million.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: That's a hard one to answer Stephen because the mix matters, price points that you're buying cost of land in the markets you're looking at how much is optioned. So it doesn't serve to answer that generically. Right I know that’s not a real answer for you, but it really depends on mix and how you're buying.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, I've not looked at it in the aggregate the way you just suggested, but the 9% certainly kind of fits within if you look at deal-by-deal. We're typically going to be between 5% and 10%. There are always unique circumstances, so we might go as high as 15% in some cases, but I don't think you'd see us north of that.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Jack fair question and certainly we'll give you some color on that as we release our fourth quarter we'll think about for 2018, but I think generally I go back to something Ryan said a couple of minutes ago, the capital allocation strategy that we put in place back in 2014 still drives our primary decision making, so first and foremost into the business to your point. Next we want to be able to fund the dividend through cycle, so we look at that candidly every quarter as we announce our current dividend we think about we want to do with that. That will be influenced by the cash flow we think the business generates in 2018 and beyond. And then if we have excess capital beyond that we'll buy back stock. I think if you think about it we've been pretty consistent with that and highlighted that we have probably pulled forward some repurchase activity over the last 18 months through the end of this year. So leverage becomes part of the dialogue. We’ve highlighted that we're a little bit outside of the range that we'd like to operate in being 30% to 40%, so I think you'll see us want to get back inside that range. We've highlighted we think it happens in 2018 essentially through earnings. And then cash flow capabilities above and beyond that will think about how quickly we can and want to grow the business. If there’s availability beyond that, we look at dividends and share repurchase, so same exercises we've followed for the last four years or so.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Well, we had given you guidance coming into the year that we felt we were 1.5% to 2% to your own labor input cost increases. We are still in that range trending higher and as Ryan talked about lumber has trended higher. You’ve got the fires in Canada, you've got terrace, I mean there is a lot of things driving lumber rates up. For us that's next year business. The way we buy our lumber we've got relative constrained on what's going to impact our Q4 deliveries. So having said that we're still in that 1.5%, 2% range for the current year. We will give you some color on what we think it means for next year when we give our fourth quarter earnings. So at this point core cost increases are kind of trending where we thought they would be. The outlier to that is really the Houston and Florida markets that Ryan walked through earlier on the call where we are seeing some specialized labor input cost increases.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: I think what you would see is its changing. We've moved a larger percentage and it's not tectonic, there's a shift towards the first-time space with a little bit less emphasis on move-up.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, that's a hard one. I mean, I think the market is efficient and you've got everybody interested. So we are finding deals, but we are finding them also harder to underwrite quite candidly. They are - the market is pretty positive at the moment. Certainly and if you think about what Ryan said about which markets is he most interested in, I think everybody would answer that pretty much the same way and so the land in those markets gets bid up a little bit more. Having said that, we're still finding your return characteristics on the land we are buying having changed dramatically. So the market is pretty solid. I don't know that I want to say market A is up 1% versus another market. Each piece of land is different.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: For next Q4 we've guided to 36.5% being our normalized rate. We were below that in this quarter. Its two things; one is there was a state law change that actually allowed us - but we booked a benefit because our deferred tax assets became a little more valuable because of the state tax rate increase. We also highlighted earlier in the year that there was a change in the accounting rules that benefits running through from stock option and stock transactions for employees which used to run through the equity section now go through the income statement. That actually drove our rate down, but ex- those two things 36.5% we think is still a good rate for Q4.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes the only thing I would add to that is given the length of our backlog we have pretty good visibility into our input costs on the construction side of our backlog. So we're not out a year in advance in terms of the backlog and so the way we buy our materials is to Ryan's point we sell to market but we know our cost structure is going in for that.
