Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. During the first half of 2024, traffic to our communities was good and absorption pace ran slightly above historic norms. So, I feel good about our opportunities in the back half of the year. To the degree that the Fed actually cuts interest rates in the coming months, I think that will provide a powerful tailwind both financially and psychologically as we enter 2025. Before turning the call back to Jim, I would draw your attention to a release we issued a couple of weeks ago about one of our newest community openings and our first in Utah in more than 20 years. Along with representing PulteGroup's reentry into my home state, Utah is the seventh greenfield new market entry we have initiated over the past few years. Through the first half of 2024, we increased home sale revenues by 10% and grew reported earnings per share by 25% over the last year. Over the same period, we increased our land investment by 31% to $2.3 billion, while increasing year-to-date share repurchases and dividend payments by 37% to $645 million. We also retired $300 million of debt. PulteGroup has executed extremely well and with expectations of closing 31,000 homes for the full year, we are in excellent position to drive strong results going forward. And finally, before opening the call to questions, I want to briefly address the press release we issued yesterday announcing our CFO succession plans. After a truly impactful 13-year career with PulteGroup, Bob O'Shaughnessy has initiated a transition toward retirement at the end of 2025. Step one in this process is that Bob will relinquish his title as Chief Financial Officer effective early February of next year. I'm pleased to say that Bob will then remain with us for another 10 months as Executive Vice President. During that time, he will support a smooth transition of CFO responsibilities, as well as continue to oversee our financial services business, our strategic partnerships and our asset management committee. Since its founding, PulteGroup's greatest strength has always been the talented people who work here. Reflecting this depth of exceptional people, I'm proud to announce that Jim Ossowski, currently Senior Vice President of Finance, has been named as the company's next CFO. Jim has had an outstanding 22-year career at PulteGroup, during which time he has served as VP of Finance and Corporate Controller, VP of Finance, Homebuilding Operations, Area VP of Finance and Director of Corporate Audit. In his current role as SVP of Finance, he manages our critical asset management committee and FP&A function. Jim has been promoted to Executive Vice President and CFO effective February of 2025. At that time, Jim will report directly to me and will have responsibility for our accounting, tax, audit, risk management and treasury functions. In announcing these changes now, we ensure having plenty of time to implement a seamless transition of responsibilities. Now, let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Stephen, it's Ryan. Thanks for the question. Maybe the first part of the question about the margin in the balance of the year related to the West. We mentioned last quarter and it's continued into this quarter. The West has performed better than it had in kind of prior periods. So, we've got a heavier mix of West Coast closings coming through. Those margins on a relative basis are a little bit lower. And so we've factored that into the margin guide that we've given for Q3 and Q4. The margins are, I think, you'll agree, incredibly, incredibly strong at the levels that we've guided to. As it relates to land banking, we're making great progress. The goal that we've kind of laid out is to get from the historical 50% options that we've been running at to 70%. That incremental kind of 20% move was going to be done with land bankers. I highlighted in my prepared remarks, we're making great progress. It's steady, it's deliberate, and we're absolutely on the path to get to 70%. In terms of the trade between margin and return, that's what we typically look at is we're looking. What we're ultimately looking for is we're looking for transfer of risk. And with that, we typically see somewhere between 200 basis points to 300 basis point trade between margin and return. Every deal is unique. So to paint it with any more of a broad brush than that, I think wouldn't be fair. And then the closing comment I'd make is -- and I know you know this, Stephen, but we underwrite return, not the margins. Return is what we believe ultimately drives shareholder value.
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, it's Ryan again. I'll take the ICG question. We're pleased with how ICG is performing. We've got two active plants, both located in the Southeast part of the US. They do a mix of our business, along with other single-family homebuilder business. And we have a decent amount of commercial business that runs through those plants as well, predominantly in the frame package for apartments. If there was a part of the ICG business that's lagging, it would be that commercial business with the slowdown in new apartment development or new apartment projects starting. We do have a physical location secured and owned. Actually, more than secured. We own a location for our third ICG plant. We have not started construction on that yet. We're just finalizing some of the design parameters for that new location. So as we have more details on that, we'll be sure to share it. We're pleased with not only the cycle time benefits that we get out of ICG, the quality pickups, better safety. We also think we get better cost just in the way that we're able to buy, particularly lumber as it flows into the ICG plant. So happy with how that business is performing.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, John, it's a good question. Probably the one market that's higher than what we'd ideally like to see would be Southwest Florida. There we've seen inventory -- resale inventory levels approach about nine months, with the benchmark or the kind of equilibrium rate being six months. So, we're a tad elevated. I wouldn't consider it concerning. That's been a very strong market for a long time. I think it continues to be a really desirable place for retirees and second homeowners. So, I think that market had unprecedented price appreciation. Part of the reason that I think we're seeing some of the elevated inventory levels. The market will go through a bit of an adjustment. It will find a clearing price and I'd expect inventory levels to come back to kind of a more normal range. There are a few markets in Texas that I think are in similar situation. Austin, Dallas would be the two that I would probably highlight. That I have also seen unprecedented growth in population, jobs, and resulting home price increases. But other than the nine months of inventory in Southwest Florida, there's probably nothing that I'd characterize as concerning.
Ryan Marshall: Hey, Mike, it's Ryan. I think the way you've articulated is accurate. So I think you're understanding it right. I would reiterate that the 50% that we have in our business today of land options. Those are land options with the underlying seller and that's been the case for the last seven or eight years. So that's not a change. And going forward, we'd expect that to remain in that kind of 50-ish percent range. So the incremental optionality taking us from 50 to 70, that's the piece that will have more land banking in it.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Rafe, thanks for the question. I think what's created some of the increase in inventory is the unprecedented rise in price, which has caused some owners to become sellers for whatever reason. Those high prices have created a bit of an affordability challenge that prospective buyers are struggling to kind of digest at this point. So as I mentioned on one of the prior questions, I think what happens here, there'll be a little bit of a kind of price market clearing price adjustment process that will happen over time. I think it takes a terribly long time. But over the next probably three, six, nine months, I would expect that market to kind of work through some of the buildup of inventory. I'd point you to as an example, Austin. If you looked at the Austin market going back probably two years ago, a couple of years post-COVID unprecedented job growth, combined with unprecedented rise in sales prices, all of a sudden, the market kind of came to a bit of a slowdown. We saw build in inventory. It took about six months for the market to kind of work through some of that inventory and it settled back into kind of a more normal run rate growth rate. So my expectation would be probably for something similar to happen as it relates to Southwest Florida.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan, I think Bob's prior answer to Ray's question help to address that. Now I'd combine that with the comment that I made that we're not going to be margin proud. It's important for us to turn our assets, the demand environment and specifically, consumer confidence and affordability has been a little bit choppier. So the combination of a little bit more West Coast mix with a few markets where we think we're going to have to add in a few incremental incentives. We've given kind of some incremental or some more kind of finite range and where we think margins fall in Q4. The guide for Q3, we left unchanged at approximately 29%, and we just put a range around the fourth quarter to accommodate for some of the things that I just described.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan. I think the thing that I would probably reorient the focus would be around how difficult it is to have entitled land in this country. We're in an environment that is largely not in my backyard anti-growth environment both municipalities. So the land that we have entitled and we're able to develop become somewhat of a precious commodity, and we're treating it as such. And we're treating it as such and balancing pace and price to drive the best returns that we can because we fundamentally believe that's what creates shareholder value. And I think the last decade of performance from this company demonstrates just that. Growth is a very important part of our story. And it's part of the reason that in our last quarter, we laid out a multiyear growth target of 5% to 10% over a multiyear period. So for 2024, we're going to be at the higher end of that range for the business that we'll deliver in 2024. And then in my prepared remarks, I highlighted that for 2025, we'd expect to be kind of within that range. So the way we've been investing capital, the way that we've been thinking about kind of community level absorption and total volume deliveries out of the business are very much aligned with that 5% to 10% multi-year growth target. And I'd probably leave it there as opposed to going into by community absorption rates.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Sam, I think it's something that the entire country is grappling with, not just Florida. I think we've seen insurance rates go up in a number of states. Certainly, the issues are maybe more acute in the Florida markets. We are fortunate that we've got our own insurance agency. They do an amazing job. We have high capture rate and they're able to provide, not only provide insurance coverage, but to do it at a very attractive rate for the buyers that are buying in our communities. To your point, our homes are built to the most up-to-date code. They're more resilient, both in terms of building materials, but also in terms of how they handle rain events and kind of rising water type events because of the way that we manage land development, on-site retention, drainage, et cetera. So I think it's not to be dismissed, but it's not something that's having an impact on our ability to sell homes. The other thing that I would kind of highlight at least with a lot of Florida buyers, typically, you've got somebody that already lives in Florida. They're selling the home in Florida, and they might be moving to another location. So they've had insurance. They've been paying on a relative basis, higher insurance rates. And so there's not necessarily a shock there. There's also, as it relates to buyers that are coming in from outside of the State of Florida. They may be on a relative basis to where they're leaving, they might be paying higher rates, but there are other benefits that they might be picking up in terms of lower property tax rates, no state income tax. So there is some -- you don't have to shovel snow and things like that. So there's some puts and takes to insurance rates.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, it's always tricky when we're giving qualitative descriptions about three weeks of traffic in July. So we try to choose our words carefully. The second quarter, I think, you've heard from us and you've heard from others that have reported. It was choppy throughout the quarter. But things in early July, three weeks in, have been solid, and we're pleased with kind of how the business is performing. And probably the biggest thing that I'd want you to focus on is kind of our reaffirmation of how we view the business for the entire year, our start rate, what we believe we can deliver and kind of how that sets us up for kind of 2025. So certainly, three weeks of kind of data in July, I know they're important. I know there's a lot of focus on it. But I think the bigger picture of what's the full year of '24 are going to look like, how are we thinking about 2025. Those are the things that I think are probably more important.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Mike, the only thing that I'd probably kind of point to there, Bob talked about in his prepared remarks, some of the Del Webb impact in the quarter. Both of those markets are big markets for Del Webb. So beyond some of the community count transition, the community count transition that we're having with some closing and new Del Webbs opening, I wouldn't really go any more granular than that.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Susan, good morning. Thanks for the question. I think it's really around two things. One, psychology and consumer confidence. So when rates uptick in early -- kind of early April, I think that had a real impact in kind of the confidence level of consumer when it comes to is now the right time to buy. We do some surveying on our website with prospective buyers when we ask that question. How do you feel about now is a good time to buy. And it was right in that time period that we saw kind of a noticeable change in kind of response to that question. So some of what, I think, is just the rate change and the things that people are hearing in the news and reading in the newspapers. Some of it is impacted by affordability, how much is attributable to one versus the other hard to know. So I think the prospect that potentially rates might come down later in the year. I think that similarly could play into consumer confidence of buyer psychology in a positive way.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, we're always looking at where is the population going? And are there new growth cities that could create interesting opportunities for us. With the seven markets that we've entered over the last two or three years, I think we've -- we're in all of the markets that we need to be in today. Could there be opportunities down the road? Sure, I never kind of close that off, but we don't have any kind of remaining major growth cities that I think we've got to get into. And then as it relates to kind of the cities that we're in and the growth targets, we're pleased with how all those cities are performing. And they're small, relatively smaller businesses today and kind of our view of growth in those new markets, that's all embedded into our 5% to 10% growth rate.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: It's a great question, Stephen. So, cycle time days in the quarter on closings were 123 days. So, that's a pickup of about a week from where we were in Q1. I would say, today, we've got a number of divisions where the cycle times are at or below kind of that 100-day target that we've set for ourselves. But we do still have some divisions where it's elevated. I see trade availability is probably what's holding some of those divisions back. Looking forward, as we look to the end of the year, we'll probably be slightly elevated over that 100-day target that we set. But we're working hard and we think we can get there in the first half of '25.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: One thing I might add to that. It's worth it to remember if they're selling a home more often than not, that's also a buyer. So it's not really net supply add to the market. It can influence pricing as much as anything else. And retail has always been our biggest competitor. We always have -- we have the advantage today of being able to offer rate incentives to the buyers. So for the demand that's there, we are a compelling choice first of that resale inventory.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Well, certainly, our cash flow guide is still current. And I think we've historically not given a view as to how much we're going to be repurchasing in the forward periods. We've let our kind of actions speak for themselves. You can and should expect to see us continue to be in market.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes. It's an interesting question and I wish I had a perfect answer for you, but a lot of it will depend on what is prompting that decline in rates, right? We've talked about this before. If the economy is healthy, lower rates are good because it means that the consumer's wallet is still healthy and they still have a job and the lower interest rate environment allows them to save some money. I think in that environment, we would expect to see margins a tailwind because our incentive load likely goes down. If it is in concert with that, we're worried about recessionary impacts, GDP, not healthy jobs, not as solid as they are today. That has another influence. The other thing that factors into this is supply, right? We talked about it in some markets. It's a little bit more competitive. And so there could be a scenario where we've made it clear we want to sell homes, and we're going to find the price that's going to get there. While we may be able to save a little bit of money on the incentive for the financing, we may be in a position where we're giving some of that in some other form of incentive. So like I said, I don't know, Ryan, if you want to comment, but the broader environment is important to that is just what happened to rates. We've always said rates are interesting, but they are only one element of the consumer equation.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: So the stick and brick costs in the second quarter were $80 per square foot. That's flat with the first quarter of this year. As we look ahead, we expect inflation to be manageable maybe low single-digits over the balance of the year backing us.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Maybe worth highlighting I think Jim's referencing primarily vertical. The land costs, we've talked about kind of high single-digit increases through '24 also embedded in that guide.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes. Maybe just one point of clarification. I'd rather we're speaking to the IRR on the transaction as opposed to our return on equity. Like our equity gets influenced by lots of other things ultimately when you kind of get to the parent level. But on a deal-by-deal basis, banks versus nonbank, it is roughly a 200 to 300 basis point cost and margin and then a roughly 200 to 300 basis point benefit to the return on that transaction.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: No, other than that furthering Ryan's point, as we get a more efficiently on pipeline, i.e., more optionality, I think, we get to a point where our cash flows better match our earnings. So less of the cyclicality on the balance sheet and the impact on cash flows from inventory changes, which is that the environment we operate today is going to generate a lot of cash. So it's not likely that we would be levering from here.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes. It's really a combination of two primary things. One is it's the mix that we've highlighted. And to a degree, we saw that coming. So it was in the 29 area that we had given back at the end of the first quarter, but that has continued. So we've got a bigger mix kind of number than we saw 90 days ago. And really, we've highlighted the market's gotten a little bit choppier and so we see that there's likely to be a little bit more incentive. We told you we've got homes to sell and close. And so we're projecting that into our guide as well. I think it's worth highlighting the range that we've given now is a little bit lower, but it includes that same point that we had been at the beginning -- at the end of the first quarter. So I don't want anybody to misconstrue. We don't see a big change in market. This is really just kind of circumstance driven.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Well, Alan, maybe just one other point, I mean, we've got 13,000 units of backlog, the vast majority of which are going to deliver over the next six months. So we could see a lot of that. And to your point about forward incentive load, we already know what the incentives are on those homes. So it's really just --
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes. Apologies if we weren't clear. We haven't changed our cost estimates for land. I may be guilty of saying high single-digits versus mid to high single-digits. It means the same thing. And I apologize, it's somewhere between 5% and 10%.
