Richard Dugas: Sure. Ivy, good morning. From the mortgage environment the changes that the President announced few weeks ago, I honestly think it is too early to see how they play out. Having said that, I am very optimistic and certainly I think my peers are optimistic that they are meaningful changes. As you know, the mortgage environment has been tight overall and the FHA fee change announcement allows several hundred thousand new potential buyers to qualify for FHA mortgages. So we are optimistic and as we noted in our commentary we believe that there was a demand shift that began sometime around Thanksgiving that began playing out in December. And we certainly saw positive trends through the first weeks of January.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Ivy, I think it is couple of things. I guess primarily down payment difficulty. I think underwriting standards with regard to FICO scores and debt to income ratios and things like that have been stringent for some time. And I think the big impairment is down payment scores and then of course lenders wanting to lend in this environment so that the changes in FHA I believe are significant. That 3.5% down payment threshold with proper supportive appropriate underwriting guideline is a very effective program. I think the folks at FHA would tell you that the quality of the book that they have been writing last several years is outstanding. So I think down payments are an issue overall. And that to me is one of the big impairments, one of the reasons why FHA is so important. So we are very optimistic that the changes that we've seen with these recent announcements will have an effect. I think it is little too early for us to say whether that's driving the improved activities we are seeing yet or just people being more optimistic in general about housing. 
Richard Dugas: Jack, this is Richard. I guess first and foremost I remind everyone we still have a big Centex position and just like we've seen with other segments the first place you will see in same store sales growth. So I am very confident that we can capture our fair share of that activity. In terms of new investment, it is likely an 18 to 24 months cycle so we could put dollars to work now if we saw that activity improving, that could benefit say the end of 2016. It is not an immediate turnaround. In some cases it can be quicker than that. As an example in Texas, the market is little bit easier to access land and you might -- it might have a little bigger impact for 2016. I think it is fair to say that 2015 is baked, but I remind everyone that the first place improved demand shows up is in same store sales growth and as we commented on Del Webb and Pulte before, it is quite a bit of leverage we can get from relatively deep land position we have there as well.
Richard Dugas: Yes. Stephen from a geographic standpoint given the stringent standards we have, it is fair to say we allocated an appropriate amount of money across the country. I don't think there is any one geography that stood out. We are certainly being cautious in some of the places that we have a long land balance as we work hard improve returns. And as an example we have a very large land balance in the DC area, we have a large land balance in Phoenix. So we would want to be appropriately focused and not get too far ahead there and continue to drive our turns. As relates to segment, we have in 2014 continued to put most of our money in Pulte, Bob indicated though we did see a ramp up in Del Webb's spend in the fourth quarter in terms of approved transactions. That's going to ebb in flow up and down, those don't come in evenly. So I'd expect in 2015, we are going to get predominantly Pulte branded approvals with some Del Webb and Centex I think is a TBD. We didn't do a whole lot of it last year. We got to see that activity continue to ramp up before we really push the accelerator there. 
Richard Dugas: David the Webb environment is probably the least competitive of all the segments that we deal in because the uniqueness of the offering that we have. We certainly have good competitors there. Shea Homes is a very good competitor obviously some of our larger peers like Lennar Hovnanian others have competitive offerings. But Webb is we believe unique. What we find there and this is consistent with what we've seen two past cycles, those buyers not nearly as price sensitive as some of the other categories. What they want is confidence in the economy and confidence in their ability to sell their existing home which is clearly improved through 2014 versus what it was say in 2012 and 2013 which is why we've seen absorption paces lead in Q4 there. And I'd expect good things out of Webb this year. We typically see them being a latter cycle play in housing market and that continues to play out, so I don't want to give anyone the impression there is no competition there but it is certainly an area that we have the ability to push margin and price more than some of the other areas because of the lack competitors but also frankly because that buyer category is less price sensitive in general. 
Richard Dugas: Yes. David it is tough to know what exactly our competitors are going to do but I'll just remind everyone a couple of things. We were much disciplined about not pushing investments until we got above our cost to capital. That happen for us sometime in 2013 and that's when you begin to see us accelerating our investment to more than I think it has script indicated maintenance mode and more in a growth mode. How that relates to our ability to take shares is going to be really depended obviously on what happens to the market and what our competitors spend. I'd expect that over a period of time not necessarily today or tomorrow but over a period of time that we are going to be able to grow our share but one of the factors that we are focused on internally is the concept of relative market share and meaning our size in the market vis-à-vis our peers. And we believe that if we can have relative market share somewhere around 0.5 or greater that captures the majority of the efficiencies that we can get in a market. So our goal has been to push our relative market share to at least that level in every market and in many were much greater than that. And for those markets where we have not been able to achieve that either figure out a way to get there or get out of the market. And we've been much disciplined with that. So how does that relate to overall market share growth, it is really hard to say? Clearly, we are focused on generating high returns and as you can see with our community count guidance, growing our business in general but I wish I could give you a more definitive answer on market share but it is a little too complicated to answer that. 
Richard Dugas: Well, Jay, I'll remind everyone that part of what we acquired with Dominion was Centex. I don't remember the exact percentage but the sizable piece of that business was that first time category. So there is a good example of our desire to get into that space where we feel like the terms and price points and financial transactions matter. So we are paying attention to this category but we said consistently before we need pace to continue to come back to ensure that returns get there. Now again I'll just remind everyone that we like overseeing these last few weeks and couple of months with the market. So that could be the beginning of an opportunity for us to begin and invest more in Centex. So we are going to not force investment in the segments that don't generate the highest returns for us and we are certainly hopeful that Centex becomes a bigger part of that equation. But we are going to watch the market to make sure. 
Richard Dugas: Yes. It has been fairly consistent, Jay. We've been sort of in the 40% to 45% range for cash buyers, cash as a percentage of the total Del Webb category overall. Not a big change in the financial profile. Again this buyer category is quite different from either Centex or Pulte, in that they have a large asset base built up; they are less concerned about income. It is more about cash flow and their overall position. Their financial position and what we tend to see with this category is that if they feel good about the economy and their own financial position, they tend to increasingly want to buy. For the Del Webb buyers, it is really not a question of whether they want a new lifestyle, they clearly do, it is a question when they are comfortable pulling the trigger. And as we've seen slow and steady improvement in that category which should continued to bear out in Q4.
Richard Dugas: Sure, Ken. This is Richard. A number of things, we highlighted few of these things in our script but number one common plan management and efficiency of production, we believe continues to make a difference for us. So that's part of it. 
Richard Dugas: It is very hard -- no, I am not ranking them but you asked about the different factors. So let me just kind of give you them. Number one is the common plan management and that's clearly important to us. Two would be our strategic pricing focus. We do have a very disciplined focus on lot premiums, option pricing, ensuring that we have a systematic base price increases when we can. So we are being disciplined there. We also are very proud of land that we have been buying. We believe that our focus on land has been very disciplined and focused on high return, that's all. I'll also point that our limited spec inventories helping us. We are not discounting a bunch of finished bag and frankly that continues to weigh on our margins very positively. We've also got lower interest costs that are coming through as a result of all the debt we pay down and we are very proud of that. So when you add this all up it equals what we call value creation. It is a road to higher returns over time to generate the best possible total shareholder return and we believe we are on that road and well on that road. We are doing well with it.
Richard Dugas: Mike, we are not commenting on our revenue targets or unit targets overall. I would just remind everyone that we are executing our playbook. We increased investment into the business starting 2013, we clearly ramped up in 2014, we are guiding to our more investment in 2015. It does take time for that investment to flow through. We are staying disciplined on it overall. So we are very happy with our overall trajectory and sometimes we wish we could push a button and community would pop open. We are facing entitlement delays and development delays just like other people are. But in the scheme of it we like to slow and steady progress that we are on. We feel like that benefits investors. We are really being smart about the land that we buy not getting out ahead of ourselves. And if you were to walk around our communities and talked to our leaders around the company, they would tell you they are focused on returns. And a portion of that is of course pretax income growth. But a portion of it is also inventory returns and SG&A leverage and all the other pieces. So I am just trying to run balance business, Mike.
Richard Dugas: And Steve, this is Richard. I'll just add a little bit of color, to add emphasis to what Bob said. We want to improve returns over time. The way capital flows into this business is lumpy at times quarter-to-quarter. There can be volatility but clearly over time we want to improve returns. We've got one builder in this space that has outstanding returns. And we are in second place the way we measure it. And we want to close that gap over a period of time. So just because we didn't give an ROIC target for a lot of reasons, don't think for a minute we are not focused on improving it. 
Richard Dugas: Yes, Steve, we're not breaking it down in that much detail. What I can tell you is that Webb continues to and Pulte continues to deliver higher margins than Centex does. Again our operators are incented. Their pay systems, our pay systems for the senior leadership team are all focused around return. We continue to focus a lot on margins though because we believe it's a big driver of return and we've seen what has done for us. I'll just point everyone to the comment Bob made around operating margins. When we got operating margins excluding the charge we had to take in Q2 last year around 30%, we're pretty proud of that. So we're continuing to focus on that. So I would just leave you that Webb and Pulte higher than Centex overall in margins, but the volatility within each of the guidance within each we are not providing that level of detail.
Richard Dugas: Mike, I'll take stab and then Bob can give you some additional color. We have 13 point risk weighted scale for the way we invest in all of our land. And all the different factors that go into that include things like the link of land transaction, whether or not we are building the same product. And the market's performance et cetera, number of factors and the return threshold range from around 20% up into the low 30% category. So our focus for when to invest in Centex is when we can generate returns in that band between 20% and 30% effectively. And the fact that we talked about repeated that we believe drive Centex over that 20% threshold is pace. Because that buyer unlike the Pulte or Del Webb buyer has a limited amount income to spend, there is only so much you can do on pricing side with the Centex buyer before you price them out of their home. So as an example if you are selling four homes a month in a Pulte community and you are selling four homes a month at a Centex community, if Pulte is generating 25% margin and Centex is generating 19% margin, it is going to take more pace than four per month in order to get those returns where we need them. So you might need six or seven homes a month in a Centex community and make that work. So that's what we are looking for. And perhaps we are beginning to see -- the beginning of that with the improvement. But it is generally pace so Bob anything you add there. 
Richard Dugas: Mike, it is little complicated because a lot of land that we are sitting on for Centex, we might have acquired five years ago, some we may have acquired two years ago. So they kind of current returns -- obviously a project when it gets to the end of its life generate higher returns than in the beginning when you are putting a lot of capital in overall. I would yes we are driving each of our current communities to the highest possible return. And that's like balancing the knobs in an airliner try to adjust all the different pieces. So for Centex it might be pushing pace a little bit more than price kind of given the dynamics that have indicated. I think the commentary we are trying to provide is around new investment or future investment we need to get over that 20% return hurdle which is a way we look at it before we invest a lot of additional dollars there. 
Richard Dugas: We wouldn't do it necessarily, Mike, as a percent of sales, haven't given sales guidance but what I can tell you is what we expensed in fiscal 2014 was about $195 million. And you can expect that number to come down probably to around $140 million next year. Reflective of the fact that we are -- have much less leverage, our cash spend on interest is in the neighborhood $130 million or $140 million a year. So we will get to the point where we are expensing what we are capitalizing. 
Richard Dugas: Yes, obviously depending on what we do. So we paid down some debt this year. So what we capitalize in 2014 which will get amortized over time is less than what was capitalized the year before. So it is kind of like FIFO if you think about all the counting analogy.
Richard Dugas: Yes. Thanks Mike. So let me just kind of take everybody back a little bit to 2014. The year started off from a sales pace perspective I think for everybody really strong. And definitely we noticed a pause sometime in a summer that continues through most of the fall. What's notable is that around Thanksgiving things started changing. And so to answer your question, we sold virtually the same number of homes in October, November and December which candidly very rarely happens. Normally you sell lot more homes in October than you did in December and you see the quarter trail off, so that was notable in our minds. And then January has continued to be quite positive. So from a competitive activity standpoint, it is hard to say. Candidly we are not trying to play the spec inventory drive a bunch of volume, push incentives in order to drive a bunch of volume gain, so perhaps we are not focused as much on sort of what's happening from a discounting perspective as maybe others are. I can just tell you that overall buyer activity I think was weak in the beginning of Q4 and improved through Q4 based on that trend and is continued into January.
Richard Dugas: And Nishu as we indicated on our Investor Day, it is not our goal to try to be opportunistic. If something happens and we have that opportunity then we always have that option, but our goal is to more systematically and routinely return funds to shareholders but I'll just remind everyone, invest in the business first, dividend improvement second, accretive high return M&A third, and then repurchase is fourth. And we have a good discipline about the way we are going about that today.
Richard Dugas: I would turn that around to tell you I am pretty optimistic about the rest of the country because of a huge tax rate that everybody just got with a lot lower gas cost annually. So clearly there are other markets that have more energy dependence if you will Nishu than others. But I don't think anyone to the same degree as Texas. And potentially California and market or two but I am personally I am optimistic that the cash flow implications for people's monthly cycle based on gas price are a positive factor from oil prices being depressed. 
Richard Dugas: Bob, it is Richard. Land prices are competitive. No question about them. Unfortunately we've got a very broad footprint. We are not -- as Bob indicated forcing investment into any particular geography. We allocate capital to geography and if we can't find right deals, we don't spend it. So land is competitive. I don't personally think that's news. And I expected to stay competitive. 
Richard Dugas: It is 100% the latter. Although we are happy with the markets and we think the market dynamics are good and appropriately strong. But frankly we have way too much backlog out there in front of us. So, Adam, we are very comfortable with few months of backlog. But we don't want to get seven, eight, nine months of backlog because we think we lose pricing power. It also gave us the opportunity to intensely focus on common plan management, getting our frankly more efficient plans in place and what they have been building in Dominion and then also implement some of our strategic pricing focus with lot premiums and our option focus. The teams are fantastic. They are really working hard and doing a lot of work to kind of prepare for reopening a number of communities both existing communities that we stop as well as new community. So very pleased with what's happening there. But it was just philosophical difference and frankly driving return versus growth. 
Richard Dugas: Will, it is Richard. I think the South East has been historically pretty competitive. I haven't noticed a big change in that dynamic. We happen to have some pretty dominant positions. Our two operations in North Carolina and South Carolina are fantastically run. We do very, very well there. So I'd say it is continued to be competitive but we are doing very well. 
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Jack, it is Bob. I think the answer to that is it will depend on our investment levels, it will depend on our capital outlets for other things, and share repurchases being the driver that largely-- certainly as we look at our leverage we've got maturities in fiscal 2015 that are relatively modest. Then we've got bigger maturity in fiscal 2016. And so as we think about we will look at the long end of the curve, we'll also think about we've got -- we've already got paper out there. It might make more sense to start building the latter in the sort of 5 to 10 years window. And I think it's really going to just depend on what the capital market is like when we actually are in a position where we need to issue some debt.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes we certainly look at liquidity and it's not just cash, its availability under our revolver and it can be substantially below where it is here. I don't want to say $250 million or $500 million because it is really going to depend on the timing of cash flows and obviously the way the business works, a lot of our closing volumes in the back half of the year. And so if we spent a lot of money early in the year on land and development, we might go a little bit lower on cash and then expect to recoup which is closing to the back half of the year. So it is not a hard and fast rule but certainly we could live comfortably between $250 million and $500 million and actual cash
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes. I don' want to -- I don't want to say what we are going to spend on share repurchases because that will happen over time, but I think order of magnitude, you are absolutely right.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes, obviously, you are right. We are projecting an increase in our spend and it is for all the things that we are working though. And sometimes you have to spend in advance obviously we are opening a lot of communities. This year opened a lot of communities last year, so there are costs associated with that. I think if you take a step back what we are proud of is -- you look at our operating margin for 2014 and it is -- excluding the construction defect accounting in the second quarter 13%. So we are paying attention to our spend and choosing where to invest. So I think we are delivering on the bottom line and trying to be disciplined about that. 
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Steve, this is Bob. We have not historically nor did we today give guidance on what our goals are. What we've said consistently over time is that we seek to improve it. You heard Richard say we got our cost to capital, our returns exceeds our weighted average cost to capital sometime in 2013. We are moving that forward. We've got a lot of cash. We wanted to manage through that. We have large deferred tax asset. So our investment profile, our invested capital profile is a little bit different than we might like. So rather than set a target that gets measured against your goal is improvement. And we think we've been doing that and expect to continue to do that. 
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Exactly, I can say only thing and to emphasize is it is not as if we've told people don't invest in Centex today. We are agonistic to brand. So the local investment and operating team are actually evaluating transactions against each other with the capital they have to spend over time. And so what Richard has laid out plays out such that today the move up in Del Webb transactions look better to us from a return perspective, that's why we are investing.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: And before we move, Mike, I just want to clarify something, in terms of the interest expense side, I had indicated $140 million, you said $130 million to $140, and I would say it is probably $140 million to $150 million rather than $130 million to $140 million just for everybody's benefit.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Well, I think we talked about this at the Investor Day. And we announced the very significant increase in the authorization. It really comes down so we have the capital to do it. As we look at the cash balance that we have -- if really interested either or conversation around land investment, so we elected to increase our spend on repurchasing shares knowing that we were increasing our spend on land as well.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes. Bob, it is Bob. I don't think we slowed down our spend. We didn't spend everything we authorize and that's again consistent with the year but still a 30% increase in our spend. We are projecting another 40% if we can find an investment that makes sense. Is it possible we won't spend that much money? Yes. Just like we did in last year and I'd say the same thing we said a year ago. We are okay with that because we want people to do it, because things we are trying to give our team's visibility to is a multiyear capital allocation so that they can plan accordingly. And if we've just said okay we authorize to this year and then take it away, they will be induced to spend it because they don't want to lose it. So we think it drives better behavior to say, look, one thing we haven't shared with this group broadly is we've actually given the field three years of capital allocation. So they know today what they have for 2015, 2016 and 2017. And we will give them a view of 2018 at some point. That the idea being manage your capital over time. And so I know we all focused on this call around the current fiscal year what we are going to spend. As a company, we are actually looking longer term than that because the market is still competitive. I don't know that we would say, okay, if we spend $2 billion next year instead of what we've targeted would we then turn around and write a big dividend check or buyback a lot of stock. Not necessarily, it would be depended on what we thought we are going to do over time.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes. So it is about a 70 basis point headwinds, so detrimental margin impact in the fourth quarter and our expectation is between 30 and 50 basis points in the first quarter next year.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: It is interesting. I can't say what's happen in the last 30 days but certainly have approved a number of transactions there including one of the Del Webb. And I would tell you for well positioned assets people are still interested. So it is not like the demand goes away from the builders immediately.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: And for the extent that they bought somebody, it is just different name but they are still the same builder there with the same lot position initially. So it doesn't change the competitive landscape immediately.
