Ryan Marshall: Hey, Mike, it’s Ryan. Thanks for the question and I think you hit the nail right on head. It’s really on a – it’s a community-by-community basis where we are making those decisions and our operators are quite skilled at evaluating the competitive set that we operate in within that specific zip code if you will or within that specific municipality.  And so we are evaluating that. In terms of what’s most effective, I think we’ve been quite clear to say that affordability is the challenge. And so, the incentives that we can provide that help to alleviate pressure around affordability or the things that are being most effective.  We talked about – I talked about it extensively on our last call where our general view is base price is the last thing that we like to adjust. So, we try to do it through other forms of incentives to hopefully create urgency and alleviate some of the pressure that the buyers have felt around affordability.  You saw our total discounts tick up a little teeny bit, but for the most part I think we’ve been able to do it in a variety of other ways to create little bit of pressure relief on the affordability side. I’ll let Bob talk about what we saw in the SG&A from added commissions.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, John, it’s Ryan. Thanks for the question and if I take you back to 2016, fall of 2016, one of the first earnings calls that I was on we talked about some of the shifts that we were making inside of the company to rebalance our portfolio and serve all consumer groups.  We indicated that it would be a subtle shift where we wanted to move about five points of market share from our move-up buyer into the more affordable price points. We wanted to do it the right way though, John. And so, we’ve intentionally gone out and targeted land parcels that will efficiently and effectively allow us to put a more affordable product on the ground.  Certainly, we could have taken existing parcels and put more affordable product there to kind of satisfy the metric, but it’s just not the way that we think about running the business. We are in this for the long-term. We have stated over and over again we are looking to drive the best possible economic outcome for our shareholders and specific to your question about being more affordable, I think that means, you go out and you target the right pieces of land to do at the right way.  What I’d highlight for you, John, is that about 33%, 34% of the land that we have under control is specifically targeted to our first-time buyer group. So, while the closings today only represent about 27% of our closing volume, we see that on a go-forward inching closer and closer to what we actually have controlled as a total percentage of our overall land portfolio.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, we think we are already there today, John. We offer really good flexibility within our existing product line-up that allows customers to kind of go up and down based on needs. We’ve got a number of structural options that allow you to take an 1800 square foot floor plan as an example and you can add on a loft or you can stick right what the 1800 floor plan as an example.  So, I think what we are seeing from buyers, the way that they are currently buying is, they are still buying the square footage that they need to satisfy their family dynamic. They may be taking less options and cabinets or countertops or flooring upgrades to help manage the affordability pinch. But we have not seen buyers go all the way to the bottom-end of our product line-up which I think would tell you that the way we are covering the range of square footage is appropriate.  So, if we were to go there and we have in prior cycles, it takes some time. It’s not just a, call the ball and you moved your lower square footage. There is obviously entitlement and permitting things that have got to be done with cities. So, something that we are capable of doing if we felt like the market was going there, we’d certainly undertake the efforts to do that.  But our view and you heard me say kind of in my prepared remarks, we remain constructive on the market and we think the way we are positioned today for the most part is correct.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan, we saw it really across all the markets that we operate in. So I wouldn’t highlight one that’s been an outlier. It was a general improvement which we take a sign and it’s part of the reason that we tried to be a tad optimistic about what we’ve seen in terms of traffic patterns, because it is a pretty widespread improvement and the trends have continued into January similar to what we said in December, the first two or three weeks of January are typically the very early stages of the spring selling season and we don’t see that typical spring selling pick up until after really the Super Bowl first part of February is when we see things officially kick in with spring selling season. 
Ryan Marshall: And then Alan, just in terms of your question about what will we prioritize, I would probably going to sound a little bit like a broken record, but we will continue to make pace and price decisions on a community-by-community basis and do it with an eye toward what we believe gives us the most favorable economic outcome.  Certainly, your comment about keeping the production machine going factors into that overall equation, we are a production builder. You’ve heard me say in the last couple of conference calls that volume matters and it does to us and it certainly does to our competitors’ tray. We are all competing for a limited number of trades and the ability to keep a consistent production volume going in our communities is a big deal.  It was part of the reason that we – it’s part of the reason that you saw us make the tactical decision to increase our spec production just a little teeny bit. The other thing that we think about too just from an overhead efficiency standpoint is making sure that if we accelerate pace, that we actually have a new community to move into, so, is the land pipeline positioned such that if we close out earlier, you can move the team to the next location.  So, those are all things that we take into consideration as we go through that community-by-community analysis. I think what you’ve seen from us is, consistent and balanced view where we have continued to worked to drive the volume in the right spots. But we have maintained some level of the superior gross margin profile that we’ve worked to build over time.  But we haven’t – with a single eye or single vision held on to it, you’ve seen some of that erode, as we work to be competitive. 
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, I would expect this to be temporary from us. We’ve done extensive work and feel that we end up with a better long-term outcome by running more of a built-to-order model and I think that’s what you should continue to expect to see from us.  I think we’ve got other tools that we have effectively used with rate buy-downs and longer term rate locks that allow us to give the customers that are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations enough protection to give them confidence to buy. So, I think you will see us over the quarters over the next several months and few quarters revert back to our typical spec cadence. 
Ryan Marshall: Well, I am going to politely probably take a pass on the last part of that question, because, I think it would be asking me to peer into a crystal ball. So, we’ve obviously got a number of scenarios that we look at here, Stephen.  But I will probably avoid rolling many of those out on this call. In terms of kind of traffic and what’s happened and the reasons why we are constructive, I think that’s very relevant conversation question. What I’d highlight is on a same-store basis, adjusting for community count in the fourth quarter in total was down year-over-year.  So that’s the negative. Now the positive is that, the November and December got sequentially better and by the time we got to December, we were on a community count adjusted basis, we were showing positive comps year-over-year and that has continued into January. So, that’s part of the reason that I think we are slightly optimistic about what the spring selling season will hold.  I think in terms of kind of the affordability pinch that I highlighted in my prepared remarks, and I would highlight it again here, I think that’s been the challenge with buyers is there has been an affordability pinch and then there has been a steady stream of kind of negative news if you will that plays out in the media and the newspapers almost every single day about the real estate market and that ultimately I think factors into the psyche of a buyer when they are getting ready to make a major life purchase like buying a home, some north of $400,000.  So, if interest rates can maintain some stability, I think that’s certainly a factor. We need to continue to see some wage growth and I think the rate of price appreciation is to moderate just a tad and not further exacerbate the affordability crisis. So, some things, as far as big picture and I was kidding a little bit with my initial commentary about things that we are looking at into the future and that could change it for the positive or the negative.  But to big picture, we are always looking at consumer confidence. That’s something that I think is a big deal and I highlighted that just a second ago with the buyer psyche. So, what’s going on with the job picture, job adds, et cetera on a market-by-market basis.  Certainly, we would pay attention to traffic trends and then deterioration or improvement in overall sales volume and then any kind of quick or unexpected rate hikes would certainly also be the other kind of big picture factor that we would look to over the coming months that could significantly improve or erode how we feel about the spring selling season.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, broadly, I would tell you that inventory levels are in the – what I’d consider the healthy zone. We have always pegged it at six months of supply and most markets are still running well below that. There are still a few markets that are less than three months of supply. So, I would tell you, Ken, there is not a lot that’s changed in the last quarter with the existing inventory supply. 
Ryan Marshall: Ken, I don’t know that there is a – sort of a fixed dollar level. You should think about our commissions generally run around 3.5% and I think everything else is variable in the medium-term. So, we feel pretty good about the SG&A that we delivered this year. We highlighted that we were little bit outside of our guide for the fourth quarter, but certainly well within or actually better than our guide for the full year. We had a good year.  So there was some compensation in the fourth quarter. We highlighted the commission. So, I think, it will be determined candidly by volume, right. And so, where the volume wins look, what has it, we think we’ve got pretty good controls over our expenses right now. And certainly, if there are places where we see the business not materializing to the level that we think it should be, we would look at costs there.  So, again, it’s not fixed versus variable, because candidly, everything is variable in the medium-term for us and we feel pretty good about what we delivered in 2018 and we would expect to maintain that same level of discipline in 2019. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Nishu, our first-time to your point does include some higher price point communities and it’s mostly being driven by Northern California and Seattle. We’ve got some truly first-time communities there that are at price points that are north of $700,000.  So, that somewhat influences that. If you’re to carve that out, we do still tend to run at the higher end of the first-time price point spectrum and we’ve seen a softening if you will, with those buyers just likely had with the move up. We have seen nice strength in the active adult side.  This particular quarter we are basically flat on an absorption level. But it is one buyer group that has held up quite nicely for us. 
Ryan Marshall: And Mike, I think the comment that you are referring to that Bob made in his prepared remarks on an absolute basis, we sold more homes in December in 2018 than we did in November of 2018. We are simply trying to make the point that the market improved for us based on our current book as we moved into the back half of the year or the back-end of the year – back-end of the fourth quarter. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, there is a lot in there. I’ll do my best, I think at least in spirit I talk to some of the things that I think you are asking and I’d summarize it by – what I am hearing you ask is our incentive is effective at increasing sales pace and I would tell you it has been or we wouldn’t do it.  And our pricing model is such that, on a real-time basis, we are evaluating every single community on a community-by-community basis as we talked about and we are putting the incentives where we think they need to be. We have made the decision not to do more than what we are currently doing because we run the kind of trade-off between how much incremental volume could we do relative to the increase in incentives and the math frankly just doesn’t work.  So, we like the way we are running the business. We are running enough production through the machine for us to keep our trades and are pricing where it is and we will continue to look at the business the way that I think we always have and if things change we will react to that both to the positive and to the negative.  So, that’s probably the best thing to do in terms of summing it up for you in terms of incentives and how we look at it. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Jack, the one thing that I would tell you is, we saw a little bit of a tick up in the use of arms in the quarter which I think would speak to the overall affordability pinch that we’ve been talking about as consumers are looking for ways to make the available dollars stretch a little bit further to cover the payment.  But, I agree with Bob that the LTVs that we see out of the mortgage company that’s been stable and really hasn’t changed at all the FICO scores have been over 750 for ever. So, it’s a qualified group and I generally agree that we are probably getting closer to the edges on what consumers can actually afford within the credit box or underwriting.  I think it’s as much as anything mentally buyers have decided, they don’t want to afford based on the negative headlines and some of the other things that we are seeing play out on the overall economy. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen, maybe I’ll just – at a high level and then Bob maybe just chime in on the back-end. We are – in terms of capital allocation and where we are going, we are not changing on that all. Number one priority is to invest into the business and I think you’ve heard us talk about that over time. M&A is including for us anyway as an investment into our business.  We see that the same as organic investment into a land pipeline. We are paying our dividend. You saw at the end of – at the end of the year we increased our dividend for 2019. We announced that middle of December last year and then third priority is that we will take excess capital that we don’t invest in the business and we’ll use that to buy shares.  So, the overall focus of how we are using cash and allocating capital, no changes there. And then, I’ll let Bob speak to some of the cash questions that you have. 
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Susan, I wouldn’t suggest that there is anything major coming in terms of our geographic focus. We’ve long been the most geographically diverse builder and I’d think that you will continue to see us play in most major markets.  Certainly, the southern states, southwest and southeast and Texas or places where migratory patterns would suggest that there is a higher propensity of new jobs being created there as well as consumers and buyers relocating there whether it’s for jobs or quality of life or both. I think you will continue to see us make investments in those places.  That being said, we still have a business in the northeast that we like. This last quarter was a bit tougher, similar commentary around the Midwest. So, we’ll continue to look to see where population growth is occurring and where jobs are being created. Those are certainly two of the big drivers of housing demand and we’d want to be positioned in such way that we take advantage of it.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen, I'll answer the second question first, which is these are new land purchases. We do not have any significant dated assets that we are re-energizing or opening today. And then, with respect to Del Webb, we have five or six of the big communities as the same ones we’ve had for years and we’ll have for years coming. Other than that, that book is turning over on average I’ll reported five years.  The underwriting for most of the deals we are doing now is somewhere in that four to five year range. So we are cycling through those communities that are little bit longer that are non-age restricted, but not much. 
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, we obviously, we are working with the broker community. We saw probably ten basis points of incremental SG&A cost around co-brokers.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, fair question. We are not giving guidance beyond the first quarter. So with that having been said, certainly the sales environment over the next, call it two to three months will matter. To that, impacting our margins obviously will be lumber cost. We are still feeling the spike in pricing through the middle of the year.  So that’s impacting our first and to a degree the second quarter. That will be a relative tailwind as we get to the back half of the year. And the other thing that’s impacting our margins in this quarter, in the first quarter is interest expense.  So, if you think about our interest expense, we did some fairly significant financing activity back in 2016. 2018 is really the first year where our total capitalized interest is equal to our expense. So we are feeling a little bit relative drag on margins.  You could see it for instance in this most recent quarter, it was probably 50 or 60 basis points, it will be less next year, it’s probably 20 or 30 basis points of the margin decline that you see in the first quarter relative to the prior year. We had a couple of things moving around of it. 
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Alan, it’s Bob. We historically haven’t given color on the actual sales that we recorded, we will give ASPs. But I think what you should think about is in terms of the guide we gave for the first quarter margin, certainly we are seeing some margin erosion as a result of the sales environment that we saw in the – what we highlighted in the prepared remarks was, the back half of the year that’s – if we’ve got whole in a five months build cycle, you’ve got most of the third quarter embodied, sorry, third and fourth quarter embodied in that guide that we’ve given. So that should give you some insight as to the discounting we got to do.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Well, we haven’t provided any commentary on January. I don’t have it in front of me the December versus December and we have to look at communities, Nishu, but we can get that for you.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: And Nishu, just to follow-up, December 2018 versus December 2017 was actually a little bit weaker. It was actually up about 4%, but that was an improvement compared to October versus October and November versus November. So we’ve got relative performance and I’d highlight for you that the fourth quarter of last year was pretty strong. 
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, I think it’s the same question that we just answered for Nishu. We actually saw absorptions down year-over-year, but improving through the quarter. 
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, sorry. I think from the consumer standpoint, certainly affordability has gotten challenged the QM rules and the DTI limitations really do apply and so especially if you are at the lower price points, I think that’s where you are going. It’s getting more challenging for them. It’s interesting though, I mean, if you look at our data and our average FICO this quarter was 752 again. So there is qualified buyers out there.  And I think everybody is now lending against the edges of the qualified mortgage rules. And so, what we are seeing is actually a very, very competitive market. And so, I don’t know that it’s certainly not credit availability, but it’s an issue and so for the consumer it’s just looking for ways to pay. 
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, well, certainly, Stephen, we are pleased with the cash generation. We actually exceeded our expectations this year with $1.4 billion of cash flow. It has put us in a position having a pretty significant cash position and we are comfortable with that to be perfectly honest with you. Certainly, as Ryan laid out, our capital approach hasn’t changed.  I think the only thing I would to what Ryan talked about is, we would think about leverage as part of that. We’ve talked about that before in terms of the near-term maturities. We don’t have any maturity stack until 2021. So I would tell you that we also think that given the volatility of the existing market that having some cash on the balance sheet to be opportunistic wouldn’t be a bad idea.  And so, as we sit here today, we will do exactly as Ryan laid out. We will think about leverage. But if there is some dislocation in the market, we think we can be opportunistic. We haven’t seen the land values change much, but if they did, we want to be thinking about that as what we are going to do investing in the business as Ryan said, that’s our first priority.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Susan, I think, we didn’t highlight it, but we see a relatively benign on a relative basis the prior year cost environment. Certainly, lumber what we’re flowing through the income statement is a little bit high. We have to reflect the spike in pricing last year, but to your point, we think that will be a benefit.  Outside of that or I guess, even including that, our expectation is probably for input cost, labor materials, probably about a 2% increase in 2019 versus 2018. And labor, I think the way we would characterize it as, it’s not getting worse. We’ve certainly – as the market has gotten a little bit choppier, we’ve been out talking to our trade with that opportunities for us to be more efficient to help them to be more cost-effective for us.  That’s going to be market-by-market depending on how much activity is going on, what the trade capacity is. But I would tell you, we see that as being less impactful in terms of an increase in 2019 than we have for the last couple of years. 
