Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. For a number of reasons, we remain constructive on the outlook for the housing industry. Earlier, I spoke about the large demographic trends, which are aligned to support buyer demand over the long-term. In the near-term, most economic indicators point to an ongoing expansion of the US economy, which should keep the job market strong and increase wages even further. We recognize that COVID and its various mutations are obviously a wildcard, but we hope that this latest surge may have already peaked and that conditions will begin to improve going forward. The impacts from COVID that don't appear to be waning are the desire for single-family living and the ability to work from home indefinitely. We are certainly mindful of rising interest rates and the potential risk through affordability and overall demand and are prepared to respond appropriately should conditions change. Still, given a strong economy, high employment and rising wages, this is a market environment in which we can sell homes. Before opening the call to questions, I do want to highlight an initiative that we've launched internally in 2020, but which you may begin hearing more about this year. Called our Hope to Home program, this is our effort to make available for sale more affordable housing and the possibility of homeownership to individuals who might not otherwise get the chance. We all know the benefits that homeownership can afford people over time, but we also can appreciate that not everyone has the same opportunity to access this path. We are beginning to pilot Hope to Home in a few communities and believe it's a program that could ultimately result in the sale of a couple of hundred homes a year. Hope to Home is a for-sale program designed to complement, but run independently of our highly successful build-to-honor program through which we donate mortgage-free homes to wounded veterans. Started in 2013, I'm extremely proud to say that Build to Honor will award its 75th mortgage-free home later this year. Now let me close as I begin by thanking our entire organization, as well as our suppliers and trade partners. You continue to prove yourselves to be an outstanding group of people focused on serving our customers and supporting each other.
Ryan Marshall: Sure, Mike. Obviously, inflation is real. And maybe principal among that interestingly is lumber, which had trended down we're getting a little bit of a tailwind in the first half of the year, but pricing has moved right back up. And so that's influenced the back half of the year. But I would tell you, you heard in the prepared remarks, we're projecting 6% to 8% increase in input costs for the house, plus kind of every new lot comes with a little bit more expensive cost than the ones that we just costed off, which is consistent with what you've seen for a couple of years now in a rising market, as we bring new assets to market, they're a little bit more expensive. So all those things factor in. The good news is that, as we look at the year, we do see margins improving through the year. So in the prepared remarks highlighted, we'll be at the lower end of the range in the first quarter and towards the higher end of the range. So despite those cost pressures, we think we're getting enough price to offset some of those increases. And margins at 28% to 29% -- 28.5%, 29% are pretty stout.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Mike, it's an interesting question. And the simple answer is I don't think so. We've long said that we've got sort of a priority cadence, invest in the business, pay our dividend, return excess to shareholders. And there are a lot of things that we could do with that money. So, I wouldn't want to say it would be restricted to any one thing. The land market, if it's attractive, you could see us investing. We've always told folks we look at M&A, so some money could end up there. So, the good news is, and you've heard this from us before, we're in a position where we have choices to make. You can see with the amount of money that we used to buy back stock in this quarter at $283 million, that's a step up from what we had done, brought the full year to almost $1 billion. The Board increased the authorization by $1 billion. We put that out this morning. So, if you add that to the $400 plus million we had at the end of the year, we've got a lot of capacity there, but we'll look at everything. And so, I wouldn't want to pigeonhole ourselves in the same, yet, it's all going back to shareholders. We'll use the same screen we always do in the business, it is going to be our primary driver as long as we can see an opportunity for higher return off of it.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Ivy, thanks for the question. And I would tell you that I think one of the things that has enabled us to deliver the results that we're delivering is a very consistent land underwriting screen that candidly hasn't changed through time. We're certainly underwriting at current market conditions, and we kind of have to do that in order to remain competitive. So the absorptions that we're underwriting communities at today are certainly a little bit higher than probably what we were underwriting land acquisitions at, say, three years ago. That being said, we're cognizant of the fact that absorptions over the last 12 to 15 months have been slightly higher than normal. And as I think some have said from time to time, trees don't grow to the sky. So we wouldn't necessarily expect that to continue in perpetuity. The thing that I would highlight, Ivy, is some of the things I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We think some of the structural changes that have occurred in buyer preferences for single-family living and perpetual work from home will continue to benefit this industry. We're also not in an oversupply environment and given some of the supply chain challenges that we've highlighted, we don't anticipate that changing anytime in the near future either. And then probably what I'd conclude on, the most important thing that I think we've structurally done as an organization is to integrate more optionality into our land pipeline. We're at north of 52% and over 119,000 lots that are controlled via option, which I think gives us tremendous flexibility, should there be a change in market conditions.
Ryan Marshall: As far as rising rates go, Anthony, in our prepared remarks, we highlighted that we have not seen it impact demand, and I think a large part of that is because we've been restricting sales and because demand is outstripping supply. We are closely monitoring the impact of further increases in the 30-year mortgage and what that will ultimately do to affordability, but as we've said for a number of years, and we'll continue to talk about it, we do believe that, history as a guide, housing can be strong in a rising rate environment as long as the broader economy continues to show strength, which it is. We’ve got historically low unemployment. We're seeing some real wage growth -- and I think those are -- and consumer confidence remains high. Those are things that I think will continue to prove -- will bode well for the industry, even against a backdrop of slightly higher rates. That being said, even with some increases in the 30-year mortgage, they're going to remain at historically really, really low rates, which we think is encouraging.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Anthony, we don't actually anticipate things to get better through 2022. So we've assumed that we'll continue to have a shortage of what we want in totality. And most of that's coming through either delays or allocations that we and frankly, the entire industry has been given from, from certain key supplies. I think there are some real bottlenecks in manpower availability due to COVID, so some of the factories that our supplies come out of are running at less than full capacity because of manpower issues. We're seeing less availability in terms of transportation in truck drivers. There was a shortage there to begin with, and then you factor in COVID, and that's just further exacerbated. And that -- those domino effects, I think we see flow through the entire supply chain. We are seeing some green shoots, and we have, over the last six months, kind of gone through some peaks and valleys where one particular supply seems to start getting better and lead times shorten only for things to go back to where they were. And so it's for that reason that we're not anticipating that we completely turned the corner and have a fixed supply chain in 2022. Just in terms of the items that we're seeing challenges with; roof trusses, appliances, sighting, paint to a certain degree. So things are pretty critical for us to build and deliver homes, cabinets is another one that I would tell you all the cabinets come out of factories where they've been challenged by historic high demand and manpower issues. So those are a few comments on the supply chain side.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Hey, Mike, it's Ryan, good morning. Thanks for the question. I think I'd go back a decade ago when we really laid out a thesis around making investments to drive industry leading returns. And so I think the way you have seen us make investments in land, the way that we've managed debt, the way that we've allocated capital to share repurchases and dividends that has -- and frankly, the way that we've completely restructured our land ownership structure with so much being toward options, that's all been aimed at delivering top quartile, top tier returns. Margins are certainly a component of that, and it's long been part of our strategy to have leading margins. The thing that I would highlight, Mike, is that we're at 28.5% to 29% gross margins through the rest of 2022, which, as Bob highlighted, is pretty stout. And we're not giving any visibility beyond 2022, I think it’s little early for that. But what you have seen from us is continuously a high and top-tier return on invested capital, and that's going to continue to be our focus. So what that yield in just this past year, we just finished with ROEs that are north of 28%. So we think the operating model that we have, Mike, can work in multiple market cycles. This one happens to be certainly particularly good.
Ryan Marshall: Mike, the only thing I'd add into that is I think if you look at the trend of our land spend over the last three years, we've been a consistent investor in our land portfolio. And with 225,000 lots under control, those all turn into active communities. So we're pleased with what's coming into the pipeline.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Carl, it is more than local. It's probably hyper-local. All of our pricing decisions are made on a community-by-community basis. But that's a company philosophy. We've got very regimented pricing discipline in the way that we break down what the competitive set is, both from a resale and a new environment, both what's on the ground as well as what we see coming into the pipeline over the next six to 12 months. So I think the tools, the methodology, the proprietary pricing algorithms that we have, we think it served us very well, and we've gotten very good results from that. I think, Carl, we always try to be prudent in what we do and never get too far over our skis. I think, the industry has seen over the years, if you push things too far, the consumer will be pretty quick to tell you that you've gone too far and it will shut down. So in the face of potentially some more inventory coming online with some higher rates, we're going to continue to run our playbook, but take into consideration all the data that's available.
Ryan Marshall: Well, Carl, we're basically turning the majority of the land that we're buying. We're turning in about three years. So -- or when we buy it, we essentially are putting under contract about three years' worth of land. So a-third of that year one, a-third of that year two, a-third of that year three, so you've always got old land cycling out and new land cycling in. So there's never a time when you're going to have a complete fall off the cliff of the entire land book and a whole new land book comes on. There's always a mixing going on. Development timelines are elongated relative to historical as well. So land that -- from the time that we buy it, it's taken us 12 months, plus or minus, to get it fully developed and ready to start selling homes. So Carl, I think the simplest way that I can tell you is that, we always have new stuff coming in, we always have old stuff going out, and all that is factored into the guide that we've given certainly for 2022.
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, good morning. Thanks for the question. I think all of these things are related. So I'll do my best to kind of tie them together, and I'll ask for probably a little help from Bob at some point. In terms of ASP, Stephen, we've consciously been starting more spec. Most of the spec that we're starting is in our lower priced communities, specifically in our Centex first-time buyer communities where those price points are significantly lower. They will -- those will sell as specs later in the cycle, and so that's all been factored into the ASP guide that we've given. To your point about orders being at a higher price point over the last couple of quarters, that's largely been because we've been selling more of our Del Webb and our Pulte branded communities that come at a higher price point. So it's a fair question you've asked. I understand why you've asked it, but I think we factored in what we see are what we would expect to be our ultimate brand mix as we move throughout the year. In terms of the closing guide, Stephen, and what we started, as we highlighted in our prepared remarks, we've factored in what we've started, and we're very pleased with how much inventory have been able to put into the ground, both for sale and spec inventory. We've updated our delivery guide based on our current cycle time and what we anticipate to happen throughout the year with the supply chain. So I wouldn't probably go down the path of assuming that there's conservatism in that guide. I can tell you that if 2022 is anything like 2021, it was the hardest year of homebuilding that we've ever seen as an organization. And so we're going to stand firm on the 31,000 units that we've guided to. If things can improve, we'll all be thrilled.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, it is, John. We're seeing really strong interest from buyers, and we think it's driven by some of the things we highlighted the desire from -- for a single-family living and the work from home trends continue. I would highlight not all the traffics on foot. I think our digital selling tools have probably advanced seven, eight years over the last 18 months, which I think is overall good for the business.
Ryan Marshall: Well, Truman, I think like any game, if you play it long enough, you certainly get better at it. And whack-a-mole is no different, but its still whack-a-mole for sure. What we've seen in our business, we've actually been able to take -- we've actually seen increased cycle times in the front half of the overall production cycle through kind of frame and windows stage, which has been really related to trust availability, framing labor, some of those kind of things and windows, candidly. We've been able to make up some time in the back half of the schedule. So there have been some pushes and pulls. But overall, it's been a net increase to cycle time. We've assumed that, that doesn't get any better in 2022, and that's all been factored into the guide that we've given.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes. Ivy, that's a hard question to answer kind of apples-to-apples. I mean no two parcels are the same. Certainly, the market is pretty efficient. And as Ryan laid out for you, we are -- it's a competitive market, so we have to be competitive. So we make our bids and pricing based on what we see in terms of pricing that we can see in the market. What we think our cost to construct is and the ultimate return we can generate from the asset, and you're going to see different price appreciation in land in different parts of the country and for different buyer groups, honestly. So all those things would make it really challenging to blanket, say, pricing is up x percent. Suffice to say it is up. And it's one of the reasons I highlighted in that as part of our margin guide. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Only that interestingly enough, even among our first-time buyers, if you look at them relative to the kind of the broader universe, we've got a higher mix of FICO scores even there. So interestingly, in a rising rate environment, history as a guide, the people we're selling to have that slightly higher price point have a little bit healthier balance sheet that folks that are just at the edge of qualifying.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, I appreciate the question. It's Bob. We're not going to give you a guide for 2023. We did want to give a level of granularity more than we have for 2022 to show the sequencing that shows growth each quarter sequentially and ultimately, to a higher point at the end of the year. And in our prepared remarks, I actually said based on spending, we expect that to continue. Like every year, we'll give you a guide for 2023 as we approach 2023.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Stephen, I think we've talked about the SG&A question before. And honestly, if you were to toggle the volume, which we wouldn't suggest, it is a -- look if we are -- if you're increasing volume, it is accretive to our overhead efficiency. I wouldn't want to put a percentage because it depends on how much volume you're talking about. But certainly, we would if we had more volume levers up the central overheads. Your selling costs don't change as a result of more volume. And then in terms of land supply, we've been consistent, honestly, since Ryan became the CEO that we're targeting three years owned, three years option. If you use a trailing 12-month volume, we're a little bit rich on that. If you look forward, it's more in line. It's hard to say where ultimately optionality could go. I think we would love to see it become a bigger part of our business as long as we can do it in a way that, for us, creates value, and that is, a, to be economically workable; and b, create true market risk. You won't see us creating optionality just to do optionality. So we will be seeking market -- some level of market protection from that, i.e., we can transaction if something changes. Again, I think very consistent from us, whether the developer base can get big enough to support a lower level of year's supply for us, time will tell. Certainly, if you look back over the last 40 or 50 years, there were points where the developers were active enough that the builders could take lots on it on a just-in-time basis, that developer base has not reestablished itself since the downturn in 2007, 2008 and 2009. If that happens, I think you'd see us participating.
