James P. Zeumer: Thank you, Richard. We'll now open the call for questions so that we can speak with as many participants as possible during the remaining time of this call. We ask that you limit yourselves to one question and to one follow-up. Steve, if you'll explain the process, we'll get started.
James P. Zeumer: Yeah, and just to close that out, Ken, it's Jim, we've talked for a while now about not being so focused on just driving unit volumes or driving volumes for volumes' sake and really being more focused on, to Richard's point, about the returns. And as a consequence, the investments and everything line up accordingly.
James P. Zeumer: Great. Thanks, everybody, for your time this morning. We'll certainly be around for the remainder of the day if you've got any additional questions. We'll look forward to speaking with you on our next call.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Morning, Alan, it's Richard. A couple of things, we really don't use conversion rate as something that we track a lot internally. But weather in the second quarter did impact our delivery schedule. And I would just say this, with regard to the balance of the year, we expect that conversion rates to trend back towards historical norms through Q3 and Q4. Relative to the spec comments Bob made, one thought there, we are not dramatically changing our spec position, but we are going to introduce selected spec deliveries to help even out production cadence. And that's more of a 2016 impact than anything you could expect this year.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Well, first of all, this is Richard again. I'll say that we're pleased with our margin trajectory. And we're happy with the guidance that we provided, which is up slightly from what we said before. From a pricing perspective, I think we believe there is more upside than downside to pricing. We're going to have watch what happens with the economy and with rates overall. But we wouldn't want to provide, Alan, any commentary beyond the guidance that Bob gave. So nothing really at this point for 2016, our backlog visibility isn't quite that far yet.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And Stephen, Richard with a little additional commentary. That's what we call our TCG3 category, which is part of that first-time buyer group that serve under the Pulte brand, and that was sort of a clarification we were providing at the end. In addition to it being a big piece, as Bob indicated, we also indicated in our prepared remarks it's a growing piece. And then lastly, we would not anticipate being able to rezone existing communities to take advantage of it, but that's not to discount the ramp up in investment activity geared toward that category, which will play out over the coming years.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Sure, Stephen, good morning. I would say from an investing appropriately standpoint, what we really mean by that is tied to our disciplined philosophy, where number one, we invest in the business and our land positions. And then the other investment choices come after that, including on increasing dividend, selective M&A and then residual cash being used for routine systematic buyback purchases. And I think you saw us execute against all of those this quarter. So we view that as very consistent. And to put a little more granularity in it, we're very proud of the fact that we stuck to the appropriate investment philosophy, which leads to your second comment around better locations. What we're really trying to say there is, that's one of the reasons our margins are holding up well. We continue to believe we're buying the best dirt out there. We're not reaching for things. Overall, our land trajectory, our spend trajectory has been up; so we would expect a bigger business in the future and that's why we continued to invest where we are, while keeping all the other parameters in check, so hope that helps.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, Stephen, our overall goal, we've said it repeatedly, is return on invested capital. And the blend between pace and price is a tricky one in every single community, and frankly, it depends on the community overall. I would be hard pressed to say whether we had more opportunity in margin or pace going forward. But I will tell you this, we've made a lot of progress on margin over the past few years. We haven't provided any guidance sort of beyond that, but we're looking to balance both. And for us, everything from compensation to the way we talk about the business is really ROIC. We've emphasized margins a lot these past few years because our margins needed a lot of improvement overall. And at this stage, we're really talking about returns. So I apologize for not being able to give you more specificity there, but that's the way we're looking at it.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: So, Mike, this is Richard. Rain throughout Texas hampered results across the state for the quarter, particular with regard to production. The comment we made regarding the high end was specific to Houston, but the comment we made regarding a little bit more inventory in the market is statewide. So our overall view on Texas, we like Texas. We like the market environment. It's a little more competitive than it was. We're trying to say it as matter-of-factly as we can.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Thanks, Bob. Richard here. Thus far in housing recovery, and we've been pretty consistent in this, we've been putting most of our dollars into the Pulte brand to serve that move-up category. I would say there is an increasing focus on the entry-level for us, and again, we're trying to highlight in our commentary that we've been actually putting quite a bit of capital toward the first-time buyer, that millennial category, to serve that growing category. And we'll have more to say about that in the future as our study continues. And then I'd say some selective Del Webb investments in smaller positions across the system. So, overall I'd say Pulte is the priority and then probably the other two categories with a fairly balanced approach, but always trying to seek the highest return; so it can vary from quarter-to-quarter.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Hey, Mike, it's Richard. With regard to California, what we're seeing is the better located assets are doing extremely well. Some of the outer-lying positions not quite as well, but where you have very, very well-located communities, we're seeing a lot of strength. With regard to Texas, overall, the Dallas market is the strongest of the markets, but our commentary overall is not really related to discounts. It's just a little bit more inventory in the market across the state. Not a dramatic shift, but something that we've noticed over the past couple of quarters overall, so again, still a good housing market. One that we're pleased to be in, but a little more competitive than it was.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Megan, Richard here. One of the reasons we highlighted it is just when you look at it over the few years, as Bob indicated, it's a pretty dramatic improvement and very consistent with our overall focus on a much more balanced approach with regard to capital. So in addition to the priorities for capital, even within the land priority, we're very proud of the fact that we're controlling a lot more lots while not taking here as much risk as we have in the past.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Actually, Megan, if you go back over the last year or two, we've had pretty strong comps in terms of the Centex brand and not just in Texas. We've highlighted other parts of the country, but Texas is a big part of our Centex business. So I think we've seen, although flat absorptions this quarter, ex-Louisville and Columbus, we've seen pretty good results over time. And to your question in terms of what's in the Pulte brand, I don't have the data right now to tell you what that first-time buyer component that we've flagged Pulte is. But obviously, the Pulte same-store comps were up 6%, so you can certainly conclude that it was a portion of that.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Jack, I don't think it's either, candidly. What we're trying to highlight is that under the Pulte brand, as I think everyone's aware, we have been serving this millennial buyer. And sort of the traditional view of an entry-level consumer buying a home in their mid-20s and then trading up, et cetera, over time is changing. And in fact we're seeing a lot of people actually skip the Centex true entry-level product, say at $200,000, and buy a Pulte-branded home at $300,000 in their early-to-mid-30s, typically consistent with when they either get married or begin living together, and their housing needs change from rental to ownership. We have been doing quite a bit of that business with the Pulte brand. And it's in an urban sort of infill location, it's clearly targeted to that upwardly mobile millennial buyer. And as we started peeling through the data in response to lots of questions from investors, we wanted to just provide a little bit more clarity that that was a significant portion of our business. And we were not ignoring the growing interest in what's happening with the millennial category overall. So we've been doing a lot of that business through the Pulte brand with townhome product, a little bit of condominium product, and it's not an insignificant amount of our business, as we indicated, about 500 closings in the recent quarter. So, we're simply just trying to introduce this concept that our brand strategy was not always perfectly consistent with first-time move-up and active adult. And going forward, we're looking for ways to clarify that a little bit more.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: I'll start and then Bob may want to add something here, Jack. First of all, the land environment has been competitive for the last several quarters. And we haven't noted anything unique this particular quarter overall. And as it relates to our buyback activity, starting last fall, we told investors very clearly that we had a priority for investment, first in land, second increasing dividend, third, opportunistic M&A, and then fourth, residual cash for systemic and routine buybacks, and we've been executing exactly against that. As Bob indicated, our leverage is a little bit lower than we like it. We had free cash flow. And I think we're extremely pleased with the flexibility we have. It's not an either-or for us. So we were able to step up our land purchases fairly significantly in the range of the guidance we provided, while still paying down debt and repurchasing shares at a higher rate than we had. So it wasn't particularly related to a spike in land prices this quarter, but more of an execution on our strategy that we think over time provides the best returns for our shareholders.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, Susan, it's actually a mix issue. It's because of the production issues in Texas, which has our lowest Centex-priced product, so the mix is just different.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Susan, it's Richard. I would say it's a little early yet for that to have played out. Rates just did begin rising here over the last month to six weeks primarily. Historically, I would say that does drive purchase behavior as people kind of fear the loss of a low rate environment. So we certainly don't fear that occurring, provided that it continues with the economy continuing to strengthen. But are we hearing a lot of anecdotal information on the ground about that? I'd say not yet.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: So, Buck, this is Richard. We absolutely want to continue reinvesting in that area when returns make sense. And nothing in our commentary would suggest that we don't believe that's an important part of a housing recovery. I would say, however, consistent with what we said in the past, making the returns work for those more suburban, lower-priced product is more challenging still today. And we would expect that as the housing recovery continues that that will get a little bit easier as pace continues to come back into that segment. So that's a little bit disconnected, candidly, from our comments about the millennials. We're simply trying to highlight with regard to the millennials that there's a growing appetite for a fairly affluent, in-town urban buyer that wants this attached product that we have been delivering and will continue to. But with regard to Centex proper, if you will, the kind of traditional entry-level $200,000 price point as an example, that's an important part of the business, particularly in Texas, and particularly some of the southeast markets that we want to continue to invest in. It just hasn't warranted the ramp up in investment that some of the other categories have yet, but we're watching it closely and we candidly expect it to at some point in the housing recovery.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Nothing new there. We highlighted that it would be one of the priorities for our utilization of capital. I wouldn't want to speculate as to whether it would be a private or public builder. We would typically look at these as land transactions though. So we use the same basic underwriting criteria for a transaction for a group of assets from a builder as we would for a single community. So it's really a land play for us.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: I don't know that there's anything that you would be able to know what would've happened if rates had been different. One thing that you can see is that people are locking a little bit earlier. People are not choosing arms. So from the financing perspective, it influences their behavior in terms of how much risk do they want to take coming up to the closing. But I haven't heard any detailed commentary about – I'm not buying because of interest rates or I bought today because interest rates might go up.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Nishu, it's Richard. I would say what we've seen in the rest of the country, you'd typically see somewhere in the country with regard to weather. So we haven't called it out uniquely. Clearly, weather always plays a factor in production. It's not as big a factor with regard to sales unless it prevents you from opening communities, which the reason we called out Texas this time is it was so unique. It caused some community delays, which impacted our sales environment some, but more importantly, helped to cause the production shortfall that we've seen through the first couple of quarters of the year. So beyond that, nothing that we would note, particularly.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, what we've highlighted is that we'd like to have leverage and it sort of hinges off of leverage somewhere between 30% and 40%. We're obviously a little bit below that today. We have just under $500 million of cash at the end of the quarter. We have several hundred million dollars of availability under our credit facility above and beyond that. So, we feel like we have a really strong liquidity position. Obviously, we chose to pay down our debt instead of refinancing it with the maturity in the second quarter. So going forward, I think as we look at it, a lot of it will depend on our expectations for investment in the business, and obviously we reforecast that periodically, coupled with our expectations for cash generation out of the business. And so, in looking at it, I think it's fair to assume we've got a pretty big maturity coming up next year, so we'll be looking at our leverage over the next two quarters, three quarters to figure out what makes sense. We pay attention to capital markets activity all the time to see if there are attractive entry points. So, I think we're very comfortable running with this much cash and even a little bit less, candidly, because we have so much availability under the revolver. And then we think we've got access to the capital markets on terms that what would be attractive. So, when we need to, we have a way to fill any cash shortfalls that we might want to deal with. So, again, leverage being between 30% and 40% is what is driving most of our decision making.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Well, we feel like we do have pretty good line of sight into our projected spend, certainly over the next six months to 12 months. So what it tells you is we have obviously a business that is cash-accretive. We're not paying cash taxes. We have a lot of production coming in the back half of this year, which will be generating a lot of cash. We're also going to be investing a lot, but we didn't feel any pressure that says, oh, gosh, we should go refinance this debt. So really, it's just an evaluation as time goes on.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, Jay, this is Richard. Several years ago, about three years ago, we undertook a really deep-dive look at every single position in our balance sheet. And we were pretty clear with investors that we did intend to sell a portion of land and we've done most of that. I don't know what the exact numbers are, but somewhere around $300 million of land over the past few quarters have been sold. So it's always a portion of our portfolio, and from time to time, there'll be a position that gets sold. I would say a lot of that heavy lifting is done. It's also hard to predict the timing on it, so we couldn't give you any good projections, but there's not a concerted effort to wipe off a portion of the balance sheet there. We would rather develop that into home sites and capture the margin on the land as well as the home. We've gotten pretty efficient at capturing margin on the home in addition to any built-in land appreciation. So we prefer to capture it that way. And given the fact that our prudence with regard to our capital structure has been what it's been, we're pretty happy about that decision. So I wouldn't look for any big land sales.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Don't want to comment on 2016's and 2017's, other than to say we obviously look at them as we think about our leverage. I don't think necessarily it makes sense for us to go and take everything out. We'd probably start to want to build the leverage ladder again. So you'd see us putting different things in place, but not trying to take care of all our current maturities. But, you never know. Time will tell.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, our comments – this is Richard, Haendel. Our comments on spec are related to help us with regard to managing production cadence overall, and it would be on a very limited amount. We have gotten very, very comfortable and happy with our build-to-order model. So we're not trying to signal any kind of shift in priority. We just want to let you know we may feather in some additional spec in select communities to give us an opportunity to help even out our production cadence. And I would suggest the margin impact of that would be very, very minimal because we're not talking about any significant real change in spec policy.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Ken, this is Richard. I would say absolutely not. We've tried to be as clear as we can that we run the business based on returns. And frankly, whether margins go up from here or go down from here, if we get excellent returns on it, that's the name of the game for us, and our land priorities are not margin-specific. They're return-specific as we look at the 200-plus communities we're going to open this year, it's all based on returns. So, no, I don't think gross margins have trapped us into anything. We're happy with our gross margins, we've done a good job with our gross margins. We're proud of them, but I don't think it limits what we do going forward at all.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Well, I think you have to appreciate it in terms of what the company's overall philosophy is. And for us, it's very related to our overall capital approach. And if we were as focused on land investment exclusively as we were five years or 10 years ago, we might have a little bit of a different posture here. But given the fact that we want to be involved in all aspects of capital allocation, which we are very convinced over the housing cycle is going to be the best total shareholder return for shareholders, has dictated our philosophy. So, I wouldn't want to comment on what anyone else is doing. I would just say that we think we're doing a good job quarter-in and quarter-out and balancing it. And over time, we're very confident that it's going to yield the right result. We've learned our lesson in the past of trying to overdo it on the land side, and we're really pleased with our balanced and prudent approach today, so I hope that helps.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Stephen, this is Bob. What we were highlighting was that the cases out of the Columbus and Kentucky are slower. So if you had excluded that, for instance, from our Centex results, our Centex paces would have been flat quarter-over-quarter.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Stephen, it's Bob again. We have not concluded that research. We're making progress and so certainly before the end of this year. But for everybody's benefit, essentially what it would suggest is that there is a group of first-time buyers in that millennial age group that – and you said it will – are willing to trade size for proximity. And I think it's essentially what Richard talked about in his prepared remarks about that millennial buyer. And what it was trying to tell you was that it is already a pretty significant part of our portfolio of, again, not entry-level, but first-time buyers in that millennial age group. And so, we do have communities open today. Certainly, you've heard us talk about three quarters of our spend is Pulte-branded – it includes that buyer group. So yeah, we are actively serving them today.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Mike, it's Bob. We have, just trying to clarify, we have been speaking to 23% certainly in the last quarter since we delivered in excess of that and have suggested that we'll continue to. And with the seasonality of the business, the production being more geared towards the back half of the year, we would blend to a higher rate than 23% and just wanted to point that out.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Hey, Bob, this is Bob. I think the answer is we look at that every year. Certainly, we have been more active in the share repurchase arena, that's largely not a call on the equity, it's actually just capital structuring; we're below our targeted range of 30% to 40%, leverage at 26%, so we feel we have significant capacity to do that. But again, first and foremost, we want to invest in the business. You can see that in the investment levels. Going forward, we'll look at that with a forward view as based on our best estimates of what the business can do. Certainly, you heard Richard talk about the priority is investing in the business, paying an increasing dividend. So we look at dividends. M&A activity, if it's out there, we would opportunistically look at, and then the rest would be share repurchases.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, so, sorry, I hate to be technical. Our segments are geographic, Mike. We present this information for simplicity when we're talking to Wall Street. But I think the answer is, and what Richard highlighted, we are seeing a future pipeline of that active adult that's Pulte-branded. We have an existing book of business that is first-time buyer that is Pulte-branded. And he highlighted the amount of that. And so, I think what it would show you, if you looked at it in the way that you just asked, that entry-level first-time buyer group would be bigger than our Centex brand. You wouldn't see much of a change out of Pulte into the active adult, so that wouldn't change much. So I think what we're looking at is how to make that information digestible without confusing people with too much data.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Megan, it's Bob. We have been seeking to do more option transactions and I would say it goes back over years, not quarters. You've seen a gradual increase, I think, in the data we've presented. It showed 10%, up to now 30%. And the answer is, to your second question, is it more available? Really not. So, what we're seeing is a lot more raw transaction. So historically, it was a healthier developer base in the country. You might have seen more opportunity to do finished lot option takedowns. What we're really talking about is, if there's a position and I'll make up a fact pattern that has 600 lots in it, and we've got a current need for 200 of them, of medium-term need for 200 more and then a longer-term need for 200 more, what we're trying to do is structure transactions that would allow us to take the first third, control the second third and third third over time. But we would be the developer typically, and so it comes down to a parcel-by-parcel negotiation.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Jack. The only thing I'd add to that on the land piece is it's important to remember, and you heard Richard talking about, that we are seeking better located assets, and the reality is those are always competitive.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, I think the answer is, it's going to be market-by-market. There are certain markets where we have ample supply of lots in front of us. There are others where we're working through and developing lots as we go. I think we've got 27% of our lots are finished/owned, 26% are under development. So we feel pretty good, but you heard Richard talk about in Texas when we get weather, it can slow you down, so it's always a work-in-process.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: And it's really just another step in the process of settling construction issues, one that had been working its way through the courts for a number of years.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. So, on a sequential basis, actually, our margins are up across all three of our brands as well as a little bit of a benefit from interest. So no concentrated issue there, just better performance across the entire spectrum.
