Robert T. O'shaughnessy: It's difficult to break that down by square foot. We don't have that, but what we can say is that the mix shift in closings to the move-up buyer certainly helped. That's our richest margin business. Obviously, market influences that. The good news is that, we think we've been able to take advantage of the market improvement with our pricing initiatives. So obviously, option margin per house is up or option revenue per house is up about $4,000, which is almost a 12% increase. Lot premium is up per house by about $1,400, which is about 20% increase quarter-over-quarter. Again, richer margin business, all at the same time, while incentive dropped 200 basis points from 6.1% last year to 4.1% this year. So all those market factors we're able to take advantage of to the new processes we've put in place. And obviously, the should cost and value engineering efforts that we're undertaking, 17% of our volume has gone through that. And we're excited about the zone concept and our ability to build more consistently and efficiently in our floor plans.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, I think, yes, we did certainly see increases. If you look quarter-over-quarter, we're up 6% to $287,000 on average. If you look at that by brand, Pulte was up about 8% to about $342,000. Centex and Del Webb were about flat year-over-year. But if you look in the backlog, the average selling prices is $299,000, which is up about 11% over the prior year. So obviously, mix is part of that, but pricing is up.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Ivy, it's -- the pace in the fourth quarter of sales is 2.2 a month. So clearly, some room to run there.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. We've never really answered that question. We have helped people to find mothballed in some of our longer-phase Webb development make it a little confusing. The only thing I'd add to what Richard said is, we opened 15 communities that were truly mothballed in fiscal '12. We think we'll open another 10 in fiscal '13. There aren't that many more that we see that would be obvious to open today.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Ken, it's Bob. I just want to be clear that, that incremental interest expense will be a detriment to reported gross margins. Right.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, again, that's not a volume-based comment from us. It's just that it's where our expectation for -- based on our expectation of turns, our interest expense will be. And to your second point, the margin impact that we see of substance is commodity, we've planned in our 2013 and it's reflected in our view of margin, about a $2,000 to $2,500 increase in house cost. So maybe, call it, 1.5% or 1.6% of our actual house costs which may be 80 basis points of margins.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: I apologize. There was a lot in there. The majority -- I think to Mike's point, our SG&A is largely dependent on our cost base; not on commission, because that's up in cost of goods sold. So I apologize, Ken, I don't understand the question.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: And just to follow that, we went through a fairly lengthy and painful, in some ways, restructuring of the business, last piece of that, 18 months or so ago. We feel very comfortable with the structure that's in place today. And what we said is that doesn't flex dramatically based on whether volume ramps up, and 2012 was a good example of that. So we got leverage with the increased volume, and so we think, certainly, if you have lower community count, you may have a one less salesperson, one less construction manager, but don't think it moves the needle very much on our SG&A spend.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, it is -- you've got an increase of reported interest expense that will flow through our gross margin, so it'll be deleterious to income compared to year-over-year.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Nishu, again, it's Bob. Interestingly, the tender we offered for $1 billion, we actually got $222 million. We then called our '13 paper, which was another $170 million. And then we had open market repurchases, which were targeted in the $14s to $15s of $104 million. So looking at the maturity profile now, we have nothing to do in '13. And then the maturities stack, when we get out to '14 is just about $400 million. And in terms of your question on how we view the investment, I think Richard covered that. We are looking at the ways to utilize the cash balance at we have. We've talked about wanting to be at 40% debt-to-cap. That would be a gross number, not net. So we've got to some room to improve there. Again, the economics don't make a lot of sense to us to go out and buy our debt today because it is very richly priced, particularly, as you get into those outer maturity years. So again, we think we accomplished a great deal this year. We're proud of the fact that net debt-to-cap is in the 30s. We think we've got some room to run there. Obviously, we increased the investments that we're making in land, $250 million this year shows that we're positive on the market and willing to put our money to work, obviously, the overall goal to increase our returns.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: It really has little to no change from what we've reported in the past. Again 6 and 7 originations, by far, the majority of what we're seeing, severity on these hasn't changed materially. So it's really just -- we got more of them in 2012. Now it's interesting, you can see from the chart that the volume went down in the fourth quarter after having spiked in the third quarter. And what I would suggest is the same thing we said then, 2 or 3 months doesn't make a trend at that really elevated level that we saw in the third quarter. We're not sure that what we saw in the fourth quarter is completely consistent with what we're going to see going forward. So we -- when we -- yes, there's lots of estimates. There's lots of process that goes into the estimates for the reserve. But as we look at it over the balance of 2012, the heightened level resulted in a higher cost to us and then adding 1 year, obviously, drives the big change in the reserve.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. Stephen, I think the simple answer is as a big buyer of service and commodity, we believe we absolutely have price competitive advantage over, to your question, smaller peers. We buy things in bulk. We have a team of people who are focused on national purchase contracts and/or significant contracted market. And so we think we have preferred provider status with many of our suppliers. It would range anywhere from how we purchase appliances, to how we purchase lumber, paint. Again, so relative to a small private builder, we think we have a competitive advantage.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Ivy, this is Richard. One of the things we're excited about is the momentum we saw in the Del Webb business for the quarter. To give you a perspective, we were up 6% in Q1 Del Webb year-over-year, and that grew every quarter to where, in Q4, we were up 38% over prior year. So we really like the trend in that business. And it's following a very typical Del Webb pattern, where that category tends to lag the broader housing market because of the buyer's general conservatism and need to sell a home. So as you know, resale inventory is very low in many markets now, and it's really gotten better and better in that regard over the back half of the year. So we're not surprised to see the Del Webb buyer coming back. And that does give us reason for optimism as we head into '13. Relative to historical trends, however, we are still well below what we may have generated from a typical Del Webb community, historically. I think we've quoted before, some of our larger Del Webb communities in the past, we were able to do 700, 800, 900 units a year. We're still nowhere near that level in any of them. I would say, we're still less than half of that. So depending on how the housing market continues to unfold from here, we think we have a lot of runway there, and one of the real kind of x-factors for PulteGroup group, we believe.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, so, Ivy, a couple of comments here. First of all, the biggest drivers in 2012 are good margin expansion, a combination of a strong reduction in spec inventory. We're seeing much better margins in presale. We're very proud of that because it also helped returns and cash flow, mix shift, as well as the pricing initiatives we mentioned. With regard to the other structural elements, Bob gave a comment just now, I don't know if everybody caught it, but we only had about 17% of our closings in the quarter that had the benefit of what we would call our big structural changes, which relate to value engineering, should costing and more specifically, this notion of common plan management, where we're trying to drive a much higher percentage of our total closings through those efforts. These will be homes that are consumer-designed upfront, value-engineered upfront, if you will. We know they're going to be successful before we put them into sales and to production. And only 17% of our volumes do that. So I would suggest we have a lot of runway to go, with regard to margin improvement from those initiatives. As it relates to how much are we counting on. Obviously, as much as we can drive there. But we're not going to get into the habit of running the business banking on improved demand environment. We want to be cautious. We want to continue to buy A-plus properties. And we think we're demonstrating that we're getting a lot out of our existing assets and we still have a lot to go there.
Richard J. Dugas: Mike, this is Richard. I'll start and then turn it to Bob for a little more comment on mothballed. I would suggest we are unlocking a large amount of opportunity in our existing business. I mean, our sign-up growth last year was predicated almost exclusively on existing store -- existing stores improving better, which was our thesis coming in all along. We tend to have a much longer lived community portfolio than many of our peers do. So it stands to reason we have room to run within those existing communities, kind of like Ivy's question on Del Webb, where we still have a lot of runway out in front of us given the number of lots we have on the ground. And we don't need to invest in that business specifically. We feel we're executing our strategy exactly as outlined for the past couple of years. We're focused on improving returns. And as long as we can continue to drive acceptable paces in our existing communities, we feel like it's the right move. Having said that, we're comfortable in implementing this additional investment now that we've outlined, but we're going to do so smartly. We are not going to chase unit volume, and I would suggest the quality of the earnings that we want to deliver going forward is going to be focused primarily from margin growth, SG&A leverage and some growth from exist -- or from additional assets over time as we bring them online. But that's our focus, and ROIC is the name of the game. We think we're doing a good job there. In terms of how much is left for mothballed, Bob, you might want to answer that.
Richard J. Dugas: David, this is Richard. There's been a lot couple of larger privates that have been notably quite active in the land market overall. So I don't really have a lot of detail and color on where they're getting financing, but there's no question land market has gotten heated of late. And our comments are just to help everybody understand. We don't want to chase volume, we want to chase good returns. And we're very comfortable with a prudent, what we believe is intelligent investment strategy going forward. Our thinking all along was we needed to repair our balance sheet, and now that we feel like we can generate really good returns, we're comfortable putting more into the business. But we're just trying to reference the fact that, that in some markets, it's a real challenge to get land deals to pencil and we want to be careful.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, David, the only thing we'll say, and Bob gave the community count guidance for '13, it's not going to impact '13 in a community count way. But we do believe that'll impact '14, start moving the needle back up then. We'll have more to say about that as we get through the year. But we've got to see how much of this capital we can actually put the work, what changes we may have to that capital assumption over the year as the market unfolds. It's an evergreen process within the company. And it's actually a very good process that -- thanks to some help that Bob has given us, and the way we think about this over the last 18 months, we reevaluated every single quarter. So I could just tell you that directionally, that incremental capital is not getting any impact on 2013 community count in a positive direction, but we do believe it'll start moving the needle in '14.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Adam, it's a great question. And actually, we have some continued work to do to think about that over time. And I think it's fair to say that we were definitely super bullish on land for a long time. We saw some pain, some significant pain as a result of that. And we want to be more balanced going forward. Our goal is to generate long-term returns on invested capital, because we think over the long run, that's going to benefit our shareholders the best. So what I would tell you is that in the past, it may have been heavy-weighting toward land. I think you've seen us take some aggressive moves with debt. We think we're investing in land appropriately, but the other uses of cash, including dividend and potential buybacks are on the table. And we'll have more to say about that as we make decisions. So nothing firm right now, but over time, we're likely to be, I would suggest, more balanced in our overall approach than perhaps we have been in the past.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Dan, we're not going to provide any commentary on orders. Our community count is going to be down this year, as we mentioned. But we're not going to give a lot of guidance on exactly how it's down through the year. I will just go back to, though, some of the things that Bob mentioned when he was talking about community count. Everybody's very focused on it in the outside world. But given our community count composition and things like same-store sales in existing communities, things like the overall balanced approach that we feel that we have to running the business, the Del Webb component, a lot of things impact volume. So again, we're not providing volume guidance, and I'm not going to provide any more specifics on community count, but I guess, I would leave it in that. It's not only about community count in terms of your volume.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, we've seen the vast majority of our land investment recently going to the Pulte brand, with not as much into Centex or Del Webb. We have 1 or 2 Del Webb communities that we're going to be opening this year and some Centex communities as well. But the lion share of the investment has gone into Pulte, because that's where we're seeing the best returns right now. We are excited about the Centex brand over the long run. We have new product that's focused there, that's driving some, we believe, higher margins in that category and better profitability for us in that category, which will help the land transactions pencil more easily in the future. But to date, most of the investment's gone into Pulte.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I think we're going to need to be very value focused in order to capture demand in that environment. And I do believe that mortgage availability for that category is something that we need to pay attention to. Hopefully, underwriting over time, will ease a little bit from pretty severe restrictions today in order to allow us to capture that business. But listen, we are focused on investment today where we think we have the best opportunity, which is primarily in the move-up category and in the active-adult category for a lot of the reasons that you're kind of alluding to there.
Richard J. Dugas: Stephen, I might just add one other item. I think as big an advantage in pricing as Bob alluded to, is the ability to get our homes built. As one of the bigger builders in the country, and I know a couple of our peers have talked about this. It's tough out there, particularly to find labor, and we can command more folks on our job sites than smaller guys. So I think as big an advantage we may have in dollar and cents, we have in terms of being able to meet production quotas over time.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. It's very tough to forecast that overall. Centex, unlike, say, Del Webb, has a lot smaller communities, typically, for us overall. And listen, the best thing we can tell you there is we like the buyer category. We're very committed to the buyer category. We are continuing to invest in that category, not at the same rate, but that we're going to put our money where we can get the best returns. And if we're not seeing as good of returns in that category today for a variety of reasons, we're not going to just push investment into that category just to push investment there. So we're very comfortable with our approach. I can't answer the question in terms of when community count will start improving for Centex overall, but let's leave it with the fact that we want to continue investing in that category, but doing so to generate the best returns for our shareholders.
Richard J. Dugas: Alex, with regard to the percentage, it's extremely hard to estimate out a couple of years. I wouldn't hesitate to want to guess that. I will say, on your second part of your question, we are starting to see people who have gone through the foreclosure process enter back. Anecdotally, over the past 6 months or so, I've heard more and more of that as people work through their 3-year period and reestablish credit to be able to buy. I think that's a good sign. It's an indication that people want to buy housing. And look, they're being squeezed really hard with rental rate increases. We've talked about that repeatedly. So that is a source of business for us in the future, and we're continuing to be focused there.
Michael J. Schweninger: And just to add on to that. I mean, your question on fixed versus variable. For our composition of our margins, everything's variable. We don't have -- some people may have certain overheads that run through their margins for the [indiscernible], we do not.
Michael J. Schweninger: And, Ken, maybe, just as we've mentioned in previous calls, from an SG&A perspective, it's all somewhat variable, but we keep it fixed, given where we expect the business to be. But to Bob's point, commissions don't impact in the like. So depending upon where we see the business going, we adjust our overhead structure accordingly, because most of it is kind of people and other type cost.
Michael J. Schweninger: Yes. I can do that. From a -- about 38% of our controlled lots are Pulte; 23% is Centex; and 39% are Del Webb.
Michael J. Schweninger: Well, it's -- we don't explain -- we don't list out active versus unactive, so those will be in our total controlled lot.
Michael J. Schweninger: Sure. I can give you that. Our house inventory balance is $580 million at 12/31. Our finished lots owned is 27,828, of which 6,537 relate to house. And just in addition to that, we control an additional 5,732 finished lots to be optioned.
