Richard J. Dugas: Yes, David, this is Richard. I alluded to it very briefly in my remarks, but didn't get into a lot of detail on that. Very definitely, we are changing our approach toward allocation to be very specific regarding individual markets, and there's a whole host of factors that we're considering now: macroeconomic conditions in that market, supply-demand dynamic in that market, relative strength for us in that market vis-a-vis others, et cetera, et cetera. So yes, our allocation is frankly more targeted and more rigorous and specific than it has been in the past, which was not as rigorous as that. So you'll hear more about that in coming quarters as we begin to talk more about improving returns in general, but you're exactly on target.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, David. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to cut you off. It's a little early for us to talk exactly how we're going to be allocating capital in 2012 and beyond. I would just say stay tuned in that regard. It's not lost on us, that we have consumed or put back most of the cash into the business and that investors might have a different expectation. So I'll punt on that one for now but promise more clarity as becomes available.
Richard J. Dugas: Mike, it's fairly well-balanced, and it's very difficult, candidly, to separate it, given all the moving parts and different end markets that are strong like Phoenix versus others that were weaker. I will say that our home construction activities are still in the infancy, and we believe part of our expansion story going forward will be really helped by our focus on construction activities. But beyond that, it's tough to give a whole lot of detail on that. I apologize, but I will reiterate that we expect we can expand margins over the long term from here. We know we've been behind. We're very pleased that we're catching up, and we've got a ways to go yet.
Richard J. Dugas: Mike, I don't know that we have an absolute dollar limit in mind. There are a lot of things you have to consider in those relationships with other parties, ongoing business requirements. Obviously, Pulte Mortgage is fully licensed and operating today. We view it as an asset in the closing process, especially in this challenging mortgage market. So again, I think it would be facts- and circumstances-specific. And so if there were issues that affected a particular entity that we felt ultimately our best resolution from all those perspectives was that we would bankrupt it, we would look at whether that made sense. So again, I don't -- the message wasn't, hey, we're looking to do this. It's we are looking to minimize risk across the platform that is mortgage for us, again, given all the sensitivity that we sense in the market and obviously, the exposure that's there. So again, fact- and circumstances-specific.
Richard J. Dugas: Josh, this is Richard. I don't think it's any secret that mortgage availability has been tight for some time. We kind of referenced on our prepared remarks that our Texas markets, particularly for an entry-level buyer, were running up against some headwinds there. Having said that, I don't sense that it's getting worse by the day or anything like that. I think it's been tight for a while. And I wish I could tell you what's going to ease that overall, but it is of modest concern, I would say, and we just are doing the best we can within that environment overall. We're not panicked about it. There are still a lot of qualified buyers out there. It's just that the pendulum has certainly swung to where underwriting criteria are very tight, frankly, in many cases, potentially too tight. We would never advocate irresponsible lending that got this whole industry into a lot of trouble, but I would also say that the pendulum has swung perhaps a little too far.
Richard J. Dugas: I wish I knew the answer to that question. I would suggest if look at over time, you have seen volatility, peaks and valleys. Certainly, we are seeing in the press just like you that there's a belief that the GSEs are accelerating their process. What we don't know is, is that sustained. Is it just to get through their final book? And maybe more importantly to us is, is it just putting more on the table to talk about as opposed to whether there's more that are problematic. So it could be that there's a lot of paper coming at us and our -- we're able to refute more than we historically have because their perspective is let's take a shot at everything. We'll put everything on the table in front of our counterparty. So I think our view is that it is too soon to tell, and so as we -- obviously, as I mentioned, we're watching this closely. I don't know where this will go, but we're paying attention. But we have to see -- of that September activity, we're working through it now, trying to understand whether there's a consistent risk rate in that for us or if it's diminished by virtue of volume.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Ivy, sure. As some of our audience may not be aware of, the large builders have an association that we formed called the Leading Builders of America. It encompasses approximately 20 of the largest builders in the country, and many of our member CEOs did make a trip to Washington a couple of weeks ago. That's not unusual. We've done that a couple of times a year. And we specifically are focused on 4 things to help the overall housing market that we believe the administration and the government can help with. The first is an expansion and relief of some of the bureaucracy and red tape with regard to the HART program. Our belief is that if we can help underwater homeowners, obviously, these are resale homeowners that are paying on their mortgage, but allow them to potentially refi without appraisals, make the process a lot more streamlined, et cetera, that we can get a lot more of this foreclosure pipeline, that could come at the industry, stopped or stemmed dramatically, and that would help. That was item one we talked about. Two was asking for a review of the independent appraisal process to frankly make it more fair. We've learned that in many cases, appraisals are done by people sitting at a desk and not even visiting a home, so that's a problem. Secondly, we're asking that the process include like-type housing, new housing compared to new or recently resale housing as opposed to, as an example, a foreclosed home that's had the cabinets ripped out, which is maybe not a fair comp. Third, underwriting overlays and standards seem to, as I was alluding to Josh's question, seem to have swung too far. So are there things that can be responsibly done in that regard? And then, fourth would be a reinstatement of the loan limits that were left to expire on October 1. And, Ivy, I would just say overall, the administration and the government was extremely interested, and frankly, we detected a tone of -- a significantly changed tone in regard to their appetite to consider some of these areas. No one's asking for any kind of a handout or direct stimulus like occurred a couple of years ago. We don't think that's responsible. We think these areas could be very helpful, and you saw the president announce something in Nevada earlier this week around HART. We hope that's the beginnings of good things.
Richard J. Dugas: Ivy, our order activity, thus far, in October is relatively consistent with September, and frankly, the dollar impact there for our company specifically is potentially lower than others who have a higher price point. Having said that, the concern we have overall is that it's another kind of weight on housing and particularly from a consumer standpoint, sounds bad. And there's a whole lot of consumer confidence that's kind of on edge here. And it's almost like you got people that are ready to step into the market, but boy, they don't need to hear any additional bad news. But no, I'm sorry. I can't give any granularity to the specific impact of that yet. I just know it's not a positive, unfortunately.
Richard J. Dugas: This is Richard, Rob. I kind of alluded to someone earlier, I think it would be too early to comment on that. What I would say is we're being more rigorous with where we're putting additional capital. We're in the early stages of this re-evaluation to be more rigorous. Probably the best way for you to think about it is we're not going to invest at nearly the same rate in markets going forward, frankly, because they don't offer the same opportunity. But that also considers our existing position in that market. We know that we, frankly, are a lot more efficient where we're large in a given market and not as efficient where we're not. So we're going to take that along with a number of other factors into account for future acquisitions, but that's as much as we want to say about that at this point.
Richard J. Dugas: Ken, I'll start and then throw it to Bob. This is Richard. Not only did our leverage improve because of volume, but our total dollar spend went down pretty dramatically, about $150 million over the past year. So I'd just offer that. And then, Bob, beyond that, in terms of additional SG&A color, fixed versus variable.
Richard J. Dugas: And maybe just to clarify it for you, I mean, our margins in the Pulte brand are historically higher than the Centex brand. So anytime you get a change in that mix, you'll get some benefit from that.
Richard J. Dugas: That's substantially all of it, but if you annualize what we saw this quarter, it would come out to a rate consistent with what we had suggested you would see.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Bob, a couple of things there. When we started really aggressively talking about this, I'd say 6 to 12 months ago. We said it was a 3- or 4-year journey to get where we want to be, and we still believe that. So I have to still think we're in the early innings particularly of that component of margin expansion on the house cost side. There's a lot of work that goes in when we attack costs in an individual set of floor plans. It takes a while for the closings to actually occur from the work we did, say, 6 months ago, overall. So it's -- that's why I kind of described it as more of a slow, steady march as opposed to a step change in any one quarter. And then, of course, mix can impact margins in any one quarter specifically as well. But I would say, over the long term means over the next 2, 3 years, it's going to take to get us where we want to go. Having said that, we're pleased with having closed the gap with some of our peers to this point.
Richard J. Dugas: I'll say a couple of things about sign-ups. First of all, we're pleased with our sign-up performance, actually, very pleased. When you -- if you can appreciate where this company is -- and I'm not -- and I'm specifically contrasting that versus some of our peers. Margin improvement, SG&A leverage and frankly, asset turns are a lot more important than volume growth for us at this point. If we were sitting at 23% adjusted margins, it might be a different story. But where we are today, we have the organization keenly focused on that, so I would suspect that our year-over-year comps might not equal what you see from some of our peers who are growing community count. But frankly, as I think you also see from a couple of our peers just from the last week, that doesn't necessarily translate into profitability without the other components, and so we're very pleased with the trajectory we're on. Community count will definitely play a part in that, and as Bob indicated, we had expected this year to be down 5% to 10%. We're going to be down 5% to 10%. So again, that's as far as I'll go in terms of what we expect in Q4. In terms of traffic levels, like I indicated, I think, earlier to Ivy, they're reasonably flat with what we saw in September, and candidly, we'd say that seems about right seasonally.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Mike, this is Richard. I can't comment specifically on that because frankly I didn't hear about any of that specifically, and we didn't address that directly. I will echo, though, that there was a notable desire on the part of the administration to be very interested in housing and concerned about housing, and I think I would speak for my peers in saying it's about time. And that sounds right. So yes, I mean 65% of people in this country, roughly, own a home. We know that until home values stabilize and improve, that the economy is going to be held back. I think the administration realizes that, and is -- seems to be receptive to working on it. So I can't comment as to whether or not that'll impact the specifics you talked about, though.
Richard J. Dugas: I would say that we'd like to drive the net debt to cap more favorable from where it is. We don't want to keep it this high. Beyond that, we'll have more to say in coming quarters about how we intend to get there. I don't know, Bob, if you want to comment any further.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, the intangibles on our books, remaining on our books, are the value of the trade names that were acquired in the Centex and Del Webb acquisitions. They do have -- we do have a requirement to assess those for impairment. It is predicated on undiscounted cash flows, and we think, based on the modeling for the business, that there are sufficient cash flows to do that with a fair amount of cover, actually. So just a little bit different standard in terms of how you actually apply the impairment assessment. Following GAAP, we think we've got cover on both those assets.
Richard J. Dugas: Alex, it's a result of the work we did in '10 and earlier this year, and as Bob indicated, we kind of think this run rate is approximately where we're going to be on an annualized basis. So I don't want to comment on what could happen 5 quarters from now or something like that. We don't know what the business is going to bring, but right now, we're not forecasting any onetime increases.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Sue, this is Richard. I think frankly, the land market's consistent with what we've talked about in the past. I mean, the finished lots that are very return friendly are largely picked over, the A locations. So that's why the total land market is tight. And frankly, until you get a little bit of a rebound in the business, other assets that you're looking at are harder to pencil. Having said that, I do think we indicated that we did transactions in the quarter, totaling about 2,600 lots overall. So we're not out of the market, and our new capital allocation criteria is weighing in with regard to those acquisitions, so we're pleased with that. So with regard to spend going forward, clearly, with the large land bank, a good portion of our spend will be on developing our existing assets and driving better returns from those. But having said that, I don't know that there's any dramatic shift that you should look at for us with regard to mix anytime soon. All we're trying to say is that the land market is not transacting a tremendous amount of volume right now, and we're okay with that. We have a large land bank. It's much more important for us to drive margins and SG&A than to be in the land market, and we don't want to get too aggressive on acquisition only to have a problem.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, without getting into specifics, every corporate structure typically has multiple entities addressing different things. So that would be what we're looking at.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Just one final remark I'd like to make. Before we sign off, I'd like to take a second to mention just how proud I am of our people for their hard work in returning the underlying operations to profitability in the third quarter for the first time for our company in about 5 years. Slugging it out for this long a period makes this quarter's results all that much sweeter, and we believe we're just getting started on a road for improvement. Thanks to everyone for their time on the call today, and have a great day. Thank you.
Robert Shaughnessy: Yes. I think one of the things to keep in mind as well is that what we're trying to do is prevent the land from becoming a problem for us, right? So instead of being in these long land positions where we don't get good returns, so what we're trying to do is improve homebuilding margin. So the objective -- the capital allocation doesn't -- it will, I think, lend itself to good margin performance. It wouldn't necessarily be a driver of margin performance. The efficiency of our manufacturing operations will.
Robert Shaughnessy: No. I think what you see in this quarter is, I think, entirely consistent with what we talked about last quarter. So if you trend it out into fiscal '12, we think that we're running at or near where we thought we would after all the actions taken earlier this year and earlier the year before.
Robert Shaughnessy: Well, we are seeing improvement in margin in the move-up sector. We are also seeing that be a larger proportion of our business, so that clearly is a driver of our margin improvement. I hope that answers your question.
Robert Shaughnessy: Well, I think at the end of the day, what we're trying to do is look through the balance sheet with the same lens that we're looking at future spend, so I think it is -- in terms of impairment, we have a community-specific process that we followed this quarter just like we followed the quarter before. Impairment risk there is going to be if pace slows. And I think as we've talked about in the past, we wouldn't expect to see, absent some structural change, significant declines in volumes, significant declines in average selling prices for there to be broad-based impairment. So again, for us, what would happen is, is as we look at particular assets, if we changed our intent with respect to those, we could see some impact in impairment activity.
Robert Shaughnessy: Sure. I think I'll answer the second question. Because I think the answer is the same as what we talked about at the end of the second quarter. The expectation is that there will be a decline in these types -- this level of request between now and the end of fiscal '12, so call it 15 months from now. What we need to do is assess whether that will -- if that's still an appropriate assessment. Again, the way we had it planned out was through the back half of this year till the end of the year, we would see continued activity consistent with what we see today. So we haven't seen anything that changes our view on that, but we'll have to assess it as we go forward, do we see an increase in incident rate or severity in terms of the stuff that's coming at us and whether we think it has a longer tail than that.
Robert Shaughnessy: Right. We haven't provided data on that. But in broad terms, no, we haven't seen a change in the composition of what's coming to us.
Robert Shaughnessy: Well, again, we haven't historically commented on that, and I would suggest we'll continue to view this externally as a combined issue. Piercing the veil, again, I think each and every circumstance is different. And so as I mentioned to the question earlier, if we get to a point where we think bankruptcy is the best answer for a particular entity, we would look at it. Again, using Pulte as the example, again, it's our active captive mortgage company. We are interested in continuing that relationship, so we'd have a real hard time looking at that. So again, it's going to be circumstances driven. So again, piercing the veil or not piercing the veil is a legal question.
Robert Shaughnessy: Yes. I'm going to tell you -- again, we've said we're looking at all avenues to mitigate risk. Certainly, settlement would be one, and it may be the most expedient, candidly. So I think we will look at that. Forgot the first part of your question.
Robert Shaughnessy: Oh, unpaid balance, yes. It's hard for us to get that. We've tried to get anecdotal data, and clearly, there has been fairly significant decline, in a lot of this with the changing interest rate. Since then, many people have been able to and have refinanced their loans. People have sold their homes and moved, but again, we don't have any hard data on that. So we don't want to speculate for you.
Robert Shaughnessy: Yes, again, obviously deal structure matters. So as we look at some of the longer-term projects, we have to work with developers or land sellers in a way that can make sure we have access to the property for that return and risk profile to make sense to us.
Robert Shaughnessy: I don't know that they're causal in that particular case. Again, what happened was the original accounting looked to an end date that we concluded wasn't appropriate. It wasn't because of an increase in that time. It's just that it hasn't declined like we thought it would. And so I think if you were to extend this line out at the September rates, again, I think we would have to rethink when this would end, but a lot of things would play into that. What's the severity? How much can we actually refute? So a lot of things go into this. We've summarized it on one slide with a line. But there are different inputs and variables that influence the accounting.
Robert Shaughnessy: Yes, I want to close it down just a little bit. We are not suggesting that we are going to bankrupt anything. We're just saying that in the alternatives available to us, it is one, and it is the -- it has lots of consequences, so we would want to weigh those very carefully. So clearly, we have not talked to the rating agencies. In terms of the cross default, again, entity by entity, we might have a different answer, but generally, we don't. We do not have cross default provisions between the mortgage entities and the parent. So on a technical level, I don't think we would have an issue with that. But again, just trying to suggest we're focused on risk as opposed to we're going to bankrupt something.
Robert Shaughnessy: No, not really. Again, we are, in the short term, not in the capital markets at all. So I think it's a conversation. I think our business results will drive the cost of capital more than that issue.
