Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. When I took over as CEO in 2016, there were several areas where I saw an opportunity to enhance our long-term business performance. Among the targets we put in place were to expand first time to be 1/3 of our business, to lower our lot position to 3 years of owned lots, to control 50% of our land pipeline via option, and increase our growth rates while continuing to deliver high returns for our shareholders.  Given our 2020 performance and our expectations for 2021, it is gratifying to say that we've achieved these initial goals with this foundational work in place, we can now continue developing an even more successful business as we expand our operations, advancing innovative customer-centric technologies and integrate new construction processes. Our outstanding 2020 results in combination with continued strength in housing demand, also has PulteGroup entering '21 with tremendous momentum. We begin the year with our largest backlog in well over a decade, along with great operating metrics and a strong balance sheet that gives us the flexibility to capitalize on market opportunities. These opportunities include the expansion of our off-site manufacturing capabilities that I spoke about earlier as well as the geographic expansion of our homebuilding operations. I'm sure that most of you saw last week's press release that PulteGroup has established new operations in the Greater Denver area. At the same time, our Raleigh division is extending its reach and establishing a presence in the TRID area of North Carolina, which includes the cities of Greensboro, Winston Salem and Burlington. We have our initial land positions in place, and we're working quickly to increase our lot pipeline in these new areas.  We are excited about the opportunities we see in both markets as well as several other cities we are currently evaluating. With our goal to increase closings by more than 20% this year, along with investing $3.7 billion in land and our expansion into new markets, we believe we are well positioned to grow our operations while continuing to deliver high returns.  In closing, I'm extremely proud of what our organization accomplished in 2020. The and I want to thank all of our employees for their efforts toward delivering an outstanding homebuying experience and homes of exceptional quality. I also want to thank our suppliers and trade who are working tirelessly to provide the resources needed to successfully run our business. We entered 2021 with high expectations, but I know the pandemic continues to rage and so we will continue to operate our business thoughtfully and safely.  Let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. A couple of things that I would share with you. Number one, I would orient you to the fact that we've maintained for the better part of the decade that we're running a balanced business through cycle, where we want to invest in land, first and foremost, and grow our business, but there are other parts of capital allocation that we believe create long-term value. We are taking a pretty big step-up in our land spend this year, as I think we've highlighted this morning, going to $3.7 million. It's a big bump from where we were at in 2020. Certainly, there were some delays in '20 that have rolled into '21. But even adjusting for that, we think it's a pretty big step-up. We are going to continue to be very thoughtful and responsible in making sure that we're driving the types of returns that we know create long-term value. We just don't believe that now is the appropriate time to get into -- back into the mentality where all available cash is funneled into land.  The last thing, Mike, I'd tell you is that we do -- while we don't peg our land investment specific to this number, we do think about land spend as a percentage of revenue. And we think the numbers that we have allocated and projected for 2021 are an appropriate step up, reflective of what is a very strong market.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Ivy, and thanks for the question. I think you've touched on an item that, frankly, we've been talking about as an industry and as a company for a while, and you hit the nail on the head. I think all municipalities want more affordable housing and shelter as they work to grow their job base and grow their own local municipalities and economies. But you nailed that they want it as long as it's not next door or 2 existing residents or other folks that are already there. So I believe that's more a local issue than it is a national issue and -- but that being said, I do think a tone from the top, from the administration can certainly help to influence what local municipalities do.  So look, there are challenges out there, but one of the things that I think we highlighted is our size. And I think the talented team that we have, we're working through what is a challenging environment out there, and we are able to get our land entitled. We are able to get it developed, we are able to get investment. If things were a little easier, I think you could do even more. But we feel very comfortable about the numbers that we've put forward for 2021.
Ryan Marshall: Matt, it's Ryan. We did have a very strong fourth quarter. And you heard correctly, December sign-ups were up over November and equal to what we did in October. And I think for those of you that have been following the industry for as long as you have, that's atypical. Normally, you see a seasonally downturn October to November, November to December. So I think it's reflective of how strong the demand is. And then January is off to a very good start. So we did, in the majority of our divisions manage the number of sales that we were allowing to be sold either via lot releases or price increases or some combination of both. And that's really about making sure that we're matching our sales rate to our ability to produce homes.  We've significantly increased the production capacity that we have. So I think we're doing a nice job working through that. And then the other factor that you've got to think about is lot availability. So we factor all of those things into our sales release and our pricing strategy. And all of those elements are reflected in the guide that we've given for the full year. So it's -- look, as I highlighted in some of my prepared remarks, it's a great time to be in the homebuilding business. And I think there are a number of really strong demographic and economic trends that are going to continue to help support this industry.
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, it's Ryan. Thanks for the question. There was a lot in there to unpack, and I'll try and touch on the key elements. And if I miss anything, we'll come back and grab it in a follow-up. But we are seeing a robust pricing environment, as I think we've highlighted, as it relates to the pricing, the ASP guidance that we've given for the full year, it is being largely influenced by the increasing amount of first-time business that we have coming through our business, along with geographic mix. So as you know, we build in kind of coastal locations like Northern California, Southern California, et cetera. And so the load of closings that come out of those divisions relative to other places in the country can certainly have an influence on ASP.  As it relates to pricing and our ability to take price I think, Stephen, you know that we've long talked about our strategic pricing methodology and how that has been a large contributor of the company's outperformance in margin relative to the competition. So certainly, we feel that will continue to be a real strength for the company. We're operating in the same market that I think everyone else is and so there's not really any reason to believe that we wouldn't benefit from the uptake in demand and the ability to push price.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen. So we've certainly factored into the guide that we've given what we believe the product mix will be. But within a given community, the offering that you could have -- could easily range from -- just as an example, 2,000 feet to 3,300 feet. Within that, there might be 4 or 5 floor plans, and you don't know what plan the customer is going to choose until they come into the sales office. So we have made some assumptions. I think as we highlighted in our prepared remarks, we're seeing customers do different things based on their current their current living situation, their work from home situation, the need for more space, more space for school, more space for home gyms, et cetera.  So there's -- I think there certainly is a story to be told that there are some bigger homes being built. To your point, I'd agree with you, bigger homes are a little bit more efficient. So time will tell. We've factored in what we think are our best assumptions at this point in time, and we'll continue to keep everyone updated as the year progresses.
Ryan Marshall: And Mike, on the Q4 outperformance, I just -- you asked where did that come from, we mixed in more spec inventory in Q4 than we had anticipated. And so there's a good example of we were able to get kind of current market pricing that help provide some outperformance in Q4.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Ivy, both good questions. We're pretty well set up for most of '22 at this point. Some of the spend that will happen in '21 will influence the back half of '22, but we're mostly set up. So given the difficulties that you highlighted in your first question with entitlements and approvals and things like that, we're largely into 2023 at this point in time. And we've factored that into kind of everything that we're doing. In terms of -- and the second part of your question, I lost my train of thought on that one.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. So I don't want this to come across as the nonanswer, Ivy, but you highlighted the most important point, which is we underwrite the return every single deal we do has got very different characteristics depending on who the seller is. As a general rule of thumb though, there is a cost to doing options. They're not free. And we factor that into what the ultimate return is and the overall kind of risk reward balance that we think we're getting for the option. So Bob, anything else you'd highlight on that.
Ryan Marshall: Andrew? [Technical Difficulty]. Yes. Jim, I got a confirmation from a couple of folks that the audience can still hear. So it sounds like it's an operator challenge.
Ryan Marshall: Jack, I think this one, we can actually let Zeumer off the hook. I'm not sure he had anything to do with this.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Jack, it's Ryan. We tend to look at our conversion of work and process inventory as opposed to backlog. So we do have a larger backlog than we ordinarily carry, which is reflective of the strong sales environment. From a production standpoint, we're running very comparable to what we've historically run in terms of work and process conversion. And what I can tell you without giving you specific numbers is the daily, weekly, monthly start rates are increasing, working through that sold not started backlog and the spec inventory such that we feel like the guide that we've given for the full year is very achievable.  So it's not necessarily a huge bet on a bunch of incremental spec inventory, which I think you may have been alluding to a little bit. Certainly, we want to put more in there, but it's really reflective of getting through the sold not started backlog in addition to putting some more spec in the ground. Our cycle times are a little elongated, given some of the disruptions in the supply chain. I think the areas where there's some -- a little bit of sand in the gears from a product standpoint or probably fairly widely known. I'd highlight that the relationships we have, the size of our company, the talented procurement team that we have. We've done a really nice job working through that, but it is a challenge that is out there for sure.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Jack, I'll let Bob take that one. And maybe what I'll do is I'll highlight the benefits that we think we're going to get out of these plants. And the reason that we bought the first one, the reason that we're expanding to the second one, we're getting huge increases in our cycle time efficiency, which is a big deal and the labor efficiencies that we're picking up are tremendous as well. You combine those things with the added cost benefits that we're getting, and we're very pleased with how these off-site manufacturing facilities are performing. So as I highlighted in my prepared remarks, Jacksonville's exceeded our expectations. We're on the plant number two. We're in the final stages of site selection and just working through some contract things. So we're excited about the prospect of what the future of this holds, and then I'll let Bob touch on where you can see the numbers.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Susan, and take the question. I think there's a number of things that are benefiting the active adult buyer right now. One is they were first to kind of go to the sidelines they've certainly got more comfortable figuring out how to buy and figuring out how to make the decisions that they want to make as it relates to the retirement. The strong stock market behavior, I think, certainly plays a factor in that as retirement accounts are our flush. And then finally, the strong resale market has made it a seller's market, and so very easy for that active adult buyer to sell their existing home and move into 1 of our new communities. So our expectation is that the Webb brand will continue to be a big part of our business, and that buyer will continue to perform very well.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Susan, the stance that we've taken on stock buybacks is that we'll report the news. What we have highlighted is it is going to continue to be part of our capital allocation. We paused for the second and the third quarter given the pandemic. But as you saw in the fourth quarter, we reinitiated a $75 million level. So we will be active throughout 2021. We're not going to provide forward guidance on the amount of the spend rather at the end of each quarter, we'll share with you what we've done.
James Zeumer: Great. Thanks, Ryan. We're now prepared to open the call to questions. So we can get as many questions completed as possible during the remaining time of this call. [Operator Instructions]. And now let me ask Andrew to again explain the process and open the call for questions.
James Zeumer: So if anybody wants to -- we're still here. So if anybody wants to text me a call or text me a question, we'll do our best to take it that way because I'm not sure where our operator disappear to. I'm not sure at this point in time in terms of technical difficulty, how we're going to solve this. But again, we'll give it another couple of minutes if anybody wants to e-mail me a question or text me a question, I'm happy -- we're happy to answer it. And I apologize for this confusion.
James Zeumer: Operator, I think we have time for 1 more call, if you're still there. One more question if you're still there.
James Zeumer: I think we've now kind of run out of time, and I apologize for the technical difficulties for it. We'll certainly look forward to getting back to everybody over the course of the day. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to talking to you on our next earnings call.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, it's Bob. I think important to remember, we're starting from a very strong margin position and certainly, in the fourth quarter, we got the benefit of some spec sales, and we don't have a ton of spec on the ground today. So as we're looking forward into the year, what we're trying to project is where are the sales prices that we've contracted. But we recognize that our house costs are going up. We are projecting them to be up in the neighborhood of 5% next year in fiscal '21. So that's inclusive of commodity input cost and labor. So a little bit richer increase than we've seen for the past couple of years. Obviously, the market is strong. We think we can get most of that price back. The other thing we are cautious of is affordability, and we want to make sure that we've got pricing that people can actually afford to close on. So our teams are doing a nice job of managing that price equation as we're out in market. So the guide for the year at 24.5% again, reflective of a very, very strong environment. And -- but we do recognize, especially with lumber, having risen so rapidly that there'll be a little bit of pressure on margins with that.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Matt, I don't think there's anything really dramatic. Obviously, land is more expensive, each successive lot as the vintage gets kind of worked through, you're bringing more expensive land on as the market has appreciated through the years. So that's a contributor. Other than that, I mean, we've got a very large backlog. We've got pretty good visibility into what our margins are going to be. And in candor, we contracted these houses 3 months ago and so the pricing environment isn't fully reflected in our sales right now. So you see that kind of on a little bit of a lag with us. We actually like that because it puts us in a position where we can understand our house cost going into it when we're contracting. But we do have a little bit of a lag in terms of where the pricing environment is right now versus what is closing for us, for instance, in the first quarter.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes. I think it's apples-to-oranges to a certain degree, in terms of us versus others. So I can't comment on their relative margin performance. And Mike, there's clearly nothing that prevents us from accelerating price if it's available in the market. And if that's expansive to margin, we're going to do it. I think we've demonstrated, and you saw it actually in fiscal '20 versus the prior year, we were up that 25% was up 220 basis points over the prior year. So we're paying attention to market, and we're looking to get every dollar of price that we can.  I think in terms of the forward guide, we've got 15,000-plus homes in backlog, right? We kind of have pretty good visibility into what our margin profile is going to look like next year. There is nothing, and I want to be clear about this, nothing that will stop us from trying to expand that margin. But based on what we see today, we want to give you the best estimate we've got. And as I said in answer to an earlier question, we do see vertical construction costs escalating. Lumber, I think everybody is aware of. It's a busy market out there. There's a lot of people selling a lot of houses. We think there'll be some price on the labor side that we'll be asked to contribute for that.  So at the end of the day, we are pretty -- we're pleased with our margin profile. We'll seek to try and push it to the extent that we can get more price going forward. And if that more than covers the increase in costs, including land, I think you can see us do that. And there's no message here, but we outperformed in this most recent quarter. If the opportunity is there, we'll seek to do the same going forward.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes. So I think the question sort of is what's the community count for next year? And how are we thinking about sales against that? And the way I think we ask you to think about community count, we obviously had a slowdown in development spend this year, even some delayed AC. We've highlighted that we're going to be investing at a more aggressive rate next year, Ryan walked through that. Where we see it is community count in Q1 of '21 versus Q1 of '20 is down about 5%. And then if you fast forward to your question at the end of the year where do we think we'll be? We'll be down about 5% kind of end of year '21 versus end of year '20 will have some variability in that during the year, and it will be dependent on what's the sales environment like? How quickly are we closing out of communities? And what's the weather like, how does development go?  We'll obviously be looking to accelerate communities as much as we can. But the sales environment is going to drive some of that number too. And we are looking at a pretty big step-up in acquisition spend next year, which would obviously contribute to years beyond that.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: The 1 thing I'd add is that in terms of the optionality, there's a couple of ways that, that manifests self, right? Are you doing a finished lot option transaction or are you tying up a bigger parcel where you're saying, all right, I want 1/3 of the lots today, 1/3 of lot 2 or 3 years from now and 1/3 of lots, 2 or 3 years after that. Remember, we're trying to manage against market risk as much as anything else. And so I don't think that the kind of the step-up is as impactful on margin because of that as opposed to just doing a straight finished lot option deal. So if you're in a master plan because they're getting real-time retail pricing for taking all that risk for you to take just-in-time lot delivery.  So I don't know -- if you look at the book, a lot of our transactions are more what I've described as having these are larger lot positions that's just more than we need right now. And so we're paying a little bit for people to carry the land but then we might even be developing the land. It might not even be an option of finished lots. So I don't think it's a deleterious from a margin perspective as some people think sometimes when they're looking at it is exactly the way you just did.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Jack, it's in homebuilding. Obviously. And so you'll see, I think, a couple of impacts. One is the contribution from the business itself. It's on the margin line, it's consistent with not a little bit better than our building our homebuilding operation. And then you obviously have the benefit, we believe, in terms of both the cycle time that Ryan talked about. But even some cost benefit to the builder side of the business, so the actual divisions contracting with them. And then there is a cost to do in this, but it's not out of line with the rest of our business. So I think it -- for all intents and purposes, you won't see it impact things materially other than that we get the improved operations that Ryan was talking about.
