Richard Dugas: Thanks Roger. As we’ve done in the past, before opening the call to questions we wanted to provide some additional details on market conditions during the quarter. Although given how well the industry demand has been tracked, it seems almost real time during these past few months. I’m not sure there’ll be much new information.  Signups for the quarter totaled 4,218 homes, which is an increase of 25% over the same period in 2009, and essentially flat with the first quarter of this year. On a pro forma basis, just assuming Pulte and Centex were one company last year, second quarter signups are down 32% on 9% fewer communities. I’m sure it won’t be a surprise to hear that April was the strongest month of the second quarter with year over year signups slowing meaningfully as we moved through May and into June.  Given the impact of the merger on year over year comparisons and the tax credit impact mid-quarter, I will focus more on signup trends within the second quarter of the year. In terms of units sold month to month during the second quarter, our Gulf Coast, Southeast, and Northeast operations held up the best. In fact, net signups in the Gulf Coast and Southeast areas improved May to June, led by gains in Texas, North and Central Florida, and the Carolinas and Tennessee.  Our Midwest, Southwest, and West areas experienced more significant slowing during the quarter, with Arizona and Nevada facing the most difficult demand environment. This is consistent with demand conditions we have seen for much of the downturn, with Phoenix and Las Vegas being among the most challenged of the markets.  From a product standpoint, I would highlight that signups within our Del Webb brand were consistent year over year for the second quarter, as well as for the first six months of the year. Active adult represents roughly one third of PulteGroup’s business and is an area that has been under pressure since the fourth quarter of 2008. Demand stability, and obviously growth, sometime in the future within this buyer segment is important for us. Del Webb communities are much larger than traditional single family communities and can drive tremendous same-store sales volume when demand is healthy. Assuming this buyer segment has found its footing, the timing could be advantageous as we will be moving into the stronger fall and winter selling season for many of the Del Webb destination communities which are located in warm-weather markets. In sum, demand pulled back after April 30, which was to be expected, although the pullback was greater than expected. Demand has been relatively stable after the initial change, but it’s going to take a few months before we have a truer read on demand. One point I’d like to make is to caution people who keep slicing demand data segments smaller and smaller. You hear people attempting to gauge business conditions based on shorter and shorter timeframes. While useful, there can be a lot of noise in this data. Moving beyond signups, we ended the quarter with 150,000 lots under control, of which 90% were owned and 10% were under option. Of these lots, approximately 48,000 were fully developed, with an additional 21,000 currently in the development pipeline. During the second quarter, we remain active in the landmark at having approved 31 new investments. Total lots involved were just over 2,200, so you can see that the basic project profile remains the same in that we’re focusing in on smaller finished lot deals that can be controlled via an option agreement and that can pencil to a mid-20% return or better.  As we’ve talked about before, good deals are getting harder and harder to find. Land development has been close to non-existent over the past several years, so few new developed lots are coming into the market. From a location standpoint, most of the “A” location properties have been picked over and pricing has been moving higher, so it’s getting tougher to make deals pencil to an acceptable return. We have certainly been opportunistic in pursuing these deals, but we have always known that you couldn’t build a sustainable business strategy on the backs of these small transactions.  With the recent demand softness, you may see the deal flow ease a little, which isn’t an issue given our strong land position. We’ll have to see if the pause is long enough for land prices to pull back a little. Given our balance sheet, we can remain actively involved in the process, but given our supply of finished lots we can certainly be selective in what we buy. In conclusion, we made great progress in the quarter and the first half of 2010 and enter the second half of the year as a much stronger, more efficient company. We’ll be optimistic that demand conditions improve while remaining cautious in how we operate the business. As we’ve said in the past, we’re well positioned to take advantage of the market opportunities that develop. Let me now turn the call back to Jim.
Richard Dugas: Hey Josh, it’s Richard. I don’t think we wait. Clearly it’s going to be a challenging year and we’re looking for all opportunities to improve profitability. At this point we still feel that we can be profitable for the year, but given the pullback in demand it’s going to be a steeper hill than we thought. So our view is to look at not only SG&A but additional ways to drive revenue and from a charges standpoint, we have not seen significant reductions in pricing across the markets nor do we anticipate that going forward. Some of the charges we had in the quarter were on a couple of isolated projects that Roger can detail a little bit more. So we obviously can’t forecast those going forward. It’s difficult. You have to come through the period. I don’t know, Roger, if you want to speak to that a bit.
Richard Dugas: Ivy, it’s Richard. I’ll start with that and then turn it over to Roger for some details. First of all, I just want to assure everybody that our strategy is not to lower price from here on a widespread basis to try to drive volume. Frankly, I’ve been very close to the operations recently, and I’m not hearing anybody say that we are in need of wholesale price adjustments. Frankly, largely because the market operators don’t feel that it’s going to drive that much incremental volume. Maybe a little bit here and there. So actions we’re likely to take on price are very specific and isolated to communities and frankly well over half of our impairments this quarter were driven from things unrelated to price. In one case, a strategy changed on a large project, and in a couple of other cases the estimate changes in the individual project. So I just want to reassure folks that we do not see, at this point big impairments returning. That’s not to say that isolated projects can’t be there, so with that kind of backdrop overall, maybe Roger can give some color about the watch list so to speak, and that.
Richard Dugas: Okay, I’ll start with the answer, Ivy, and then go back to Roger. In terms of trying to compete against any individual builder, Horton or others, we are clearly subject to what they do on a community by community basis. But I would tell you that is isolated to the communities where we directly compete with them. You’re right around appraisals, but the way I’m thinking about it, Ivy, is if you go back to 2007 and 2008, the market was on a wholesale, free-fall decline, and no one could find any footing, no matter what was happening, so price kept spiraling down, and obviously hundreds of millions of dollars of impairments per quarter resulted from that. I’m not seeing that kind of environment, despite what Horton is doing or a couple of other builders. You know, our opinion collectively internally is that price is not going to move the business a lot, and therefore I suspect on the edges you’re going to see some competition there, and we’ll have to deal with appraisals and other issues like that, but I’m not expecting things to drop 10% from here. And again, as I’ve been talking to our operators it does not appear that that’s moving a lot of product. Things are – it’s not a price problem. It’s a consumer confidence issue. So we’ll have to compete community by community but I think that’s going to be more spotty, so it’s not keeping me up at night.
Richard Dugas: Mike on the gross margin question – Richard – we’d indicated we expect margins from here to be relatively flat with no particular bias one way or another. We’ve gotten significant benefit from the merger. Clearly the combination of the volume from both companies giving us the opportunity to open contracts with vendors has helped us. We’re going to have that, but going forward we also have the market to deal with as well. So Roger indicated that margins had likely plateaued for the time being with relatively flat outlook from here.
Richard Dugas: Yeah, Mike as an example, we indicated our Del Webb business has been relatively flat. It’s got a higher ASP than the Centex brand, which is our entry level brand. So don’t interpret that as we raise prices on average $20,000. Interpret it as though we have a very bifurcated mix in our company with the active adult, the move up under the Pulte brand, and then Centex being the intro level brand. We’ve seen some stabilization in Del Webb, which has taken ASPs for this particular quarter signups a little bit higher. Again I’d caution you against reading too much into that relative to what closes in the next quarter due to the vagaries of cancellations, etc. But that’s what’s causing it as opposed to a real change in strategy or change in pricing philosophy.
Richard Dugas: Dan, we’re looking at it more on a dollar basis. Revenue is obviously a function of demand and overall conversion. But we would look for our true level of SG&A to be pretty consistent going forward with what we’ve seen. And Roger, I don’t know if you want to offer any color.
Richard Dugas: Yeah, Dan that’s a good question, and frankly we do want to be competitive in the market and we will be competitive in the market. I would tell you, though, remember the banks control all the small builders in the industry and if you add up all the big builders combined you’re still not more than 25% or 30% of the total new housing market. So there’s an awful lot of folks out there who don’t have the ability to cut price frankly, because they can’t build any inventory at all because all they’re able to build is sold inventory based on the overall shutdown of lending in the industry.  So I personally think to say a builder or two builders or three builders who are chasing price are going to influence a new home building market is a little bit of a stretch. It is not the environment we were in in ’07 and ’08 where there was a constant downward spiral. Everyone was stealing everyone else’s backlog. Things kept spiraling down. We’re not seeing that. So yes we’re going to have to be pragmatic, but does that mean it’s going to affect 5% of our communities? 10% of our communities? I don’t see it being a majority of our communities, because each individual asset is asset independent.  I’ll just point out an obvious fact. I hope it’s not lost on everyone. 30% of our assets are in Del Webb. They don’t have any significant competition. I’m not sure why I’d lower price in any Del Webb community. So that wipes out roughly a third of our competitive impact right there. So just to point that out. We’re going to be pragmatic and focused as we need to be but it’s not across the board.
Richard Dugas: Megan it really doesn’t have anything to do with the market as we see it now. Here’s what’s going on. Typically the summer is weak. The spring is obviously the best, and we get a little bit better demand environment in September October. I think that’s exacerbated this year and effectively it wouldn’t surprise me if we see the overall new housing numbers improve modestly later this year because of the two or three month pull forward and the two or three month post tax credit lull that clearly is in the market today. I’ll point out that even if we get that I’m not talking about any exciting level of demand, right? But it’s not impossible that new home sales could go from 300,000 to 350,000 or 360,000 later this year or some number approaching that, which on a headline basis would look like a big percentage improvement. So that’s what I’m speaking about. In order to get sustainable real change, 450,000, 500,000, 600,000 new home sales it’s going to take job growth, and we get that. But that’s what I’m talking about.
Richard Dugas: Megan I would also point out we did say that the hill would be steeper than we saw a quarter ago. And that’s definitely the case, so what I’m basically trying to say is the number that we’re looking at is not phenomenal. I would also say secondly that we do have by far the biggest dollar value of backlog in the industry based on the way that our operating model has shifted. And that is meaningful. We intend to convert that backlog and for what it’s worth that shouldn’t be ignored. If we had half the backlog we have it would be much tougher for us to feel good about that because we’d be dependent on demand in the near term. Obviously the operating model shift in a pre-sale focus is one of the benefits. You get a little bit better consistency than if you’re hand to mouth.
Richard Dugas: 839 communities. That’s a significant amount of leverage for us to drive, and so we are looking for community count to continue to decline in the short term. At some point that will level off based on the new investments that we’re making overall, but we are not in the mode where we feel like we have to increase community count to get leverage to avoid becoming too small in an individual market to have meaningful share if you will. So the way you should think about that is we’re being opportunistic, we’re being smart we think with land, we’re being conservative, because the market is still somewhat cloudy. But yeah, community count will continue to decline somewhat.
Richard Dugas: No, I would say not. Again, relative to the DTA you relatively look at the market value, the book value. The book value didn’t have anything on it. Since we actually did that we took some of the deferred tax asset back in the fourth quarter of last year, which was, again, not contemplated from the standpoint of looking at what that value is. So we still think there’s more value in the DTA to go forward. So I think the correlation between DTA and goodwill is not necessarily a way to look at potential risk for further impairments. Again, as I mentioned, it’s much more complicated than that. You have to go market by market, asset by asset, the valuations for those looking at basically the life of that market that we’re in for the assets we have in perpetuity. So again there’s a lot of assumptions that go behind that that would drive that that could create risk one way or the other for further impairments or no impairments. So again I would caution that’s not something you can correlate that easily.
Richard Dugas: And that number relative to anyone else is very dependent on an individual operating strategy, right? A spec-heavy strategy is going to yield something different. That’s a little more hand to mouth. Kind of a made-to-order strategy a little bit different from that. So just want to point that out.
Roger Cregg: On the impairments we had basically probably three projects that I mentioned in the prepared remarks. One of them was a repositioning from a Del Webb project to a Pulte project and then the other couple were basically changes in estimates on the projects themselves, so again, not material across the country. They were very much isolated and I’m not anything systemic in price erosion to drive more impairments.
Roger Cregg: Yeah Josh, Roger again. I think what we’re going to see is somewhat of a plateau from here. A little bit, could be some opportunity up, but we’re seeing some of the head winds now start to come from the material costs that we saw go up earlier in the year. So we’re seeing a little pressure on that, but again we continue to work on house cost improvements throughout the country. So I would tell you we’re probably expecting it to plateau from this point a little bit and it could move a little bit one way or the other but nothing meaningful.
Roger Cregg: Yeah David, Roger. I think when we take a look at each one of those, as the markets go through they’re looking at the competition, and what they have to do to sell homes. And typically what we’ve done in the past if we need to compete and prices continue to fall significantly we were competing in dropping our pricing. And so that was creating the weight from the impairment side as margins were diminishing.  Again, you look at the volume as well, and so volume’s an indicator of price as well, so if you’re not selling anything, maybe because you’re out of bed on the pricing in general, and so those are the indicators that the markets continue to look at and adjust to. So I would tell you, again, competitively across the country it’s not systemic across all the markets and all the communities. I know you continue to hear that from builders, but they’re isolated. There might be isolated situations where they are in a particular market, or segments of markets, where they are adjusting price to move some volume.  And again, we end up looking at how deep that volume happens to be in the market relative to where we are in position, and whether we have to react to that or not. So each one of those is very specific, but very detailed to the market in looking at what your local competition is doing and how deep that supply is. 
Roger Cregg: Yeah Ivy, our watch list is pretty small. When we look at where we’ve been over the last almost 40 years, the adjustments we’ve taken, many of them constantly quarter after quarter after quarter we set the level of pricing based on the formulas that the accounting dictates. So you can’t be ultra-aggressive to write everything down to zero, and naturally you wouldn’t want to. I think you can see by the level of the margins that are coming through we’ve been spreading that gap. And the gap’s been spreading because we’ve been more disciplined on the pricing. Now if we were to become undisciplined that creates a whole other level of environmental change on impairments in general, but that’s not been our strategy. So we think we have a fair amount of cushion in there for further decreases if that were the case. And then again, you just need to look at, again, the overhead levels that you support, as Richard said you could go back to the overheads and adjust those if pricing continues or would continue to deteriorate significantly. So I think from a major projects, the largest projects we feel comfortable where we are, with where the values are, where we’ve taken them down on the book, and then again, just environment community by community is going to dictate the level that goes on, I think each quarter there going forward. But we don’t feel exposed as significantly as we had in the past, just given the more stable pricing environment.
Roger Cregg: Yeah Ivy, Roger. Just on the undeveloped, basically, I’ll give you on a lot basis, I don’t have the dollars in front of us, but on the lot basis out of the 150,000 lots that we talked about, there’s roughly about 100,000 that are undeveloped, so that’s almost 2/3. Again we could follow up with you on the specific dollars.
Roger Cregg: Yeah, Joshua. This is Roger. No, we would not. You always buy land at different prices, so if you buy one that is lower than another one, it doesn’t mean you go back and adjust your book. The only time you adjust your book is if you felt that that was impaired. And again, the land pricing itself doesn’t do that. It’s the house pricing, the margins, the pace, and those types of things that will typically drive the impairment. So you could very well, which we’re doing today, buying land for less than we have on our books in some instances, which has given ourselves opportunities to improve margins. I think you’ve heard that from the other builders as well. Some of them are focusing more of their attention on doing acquisitions than actually using the land that they own today to be able to capitalize on that type of margin improvement. So overall that’s a good thing if you can buy it for less, but it does not mean you impair any of the book.
Roger Cregg: Sure, again Joshua. This is Roger. Basically, as I mentioned in the first quarter, we had about over $115 million in savings in SG&A alone. This quarter we mentioned again about $86 million if you followed the script. So that’s about $200 million in the two quarters. I didn’t go back and try to calculate the fourth quarter for you, but again, there was some savings there as we put the companies together in the fourth quarter. Interest alone was probably at a half a year probably about $65 million, so this year we’re probably running $265 million. I would tell you we’re probably in the $300+ million range in two more quarters to go until we’re at the end of the year. So, we outlined about $440 million. We’re well on track to that number.  We talked about another $150 million to $200 million in the purchasing side. We’re starting to see some of that come along in the margins. You do see some of the improvements in the margin as being helped by some of the cost, house cost savings that we’re able to get by putting vendors together. More of that should come as we move in the future. Now what I always said was that number in the purchasing side was always soft, because you don’t always get to demonstrate it if you have commodity costs beginning to rise. So when we think we had an opportunity to save money in that $150 million to $200 million, if commodity costs go up, which they have earlier this year on a year to date basis pretty significantly, that also plays in the headwind of actually dropping it to the gross margin line. So well on track for the $440 million and then again the other $150 million to $200 million we’re seeing that starting to come through the gross margin side and will hopefully in the next couple quarters as well.
Roger Cregg: Yeah Mike, I think what what we said, it wasn’t really a threshold. Really what it was was an indicator of value, and so there’s a very sophisticated, complicated formula you work through when you’re looking at the book value relative to market value and future value for the book. And so all those things are taken into consideration but the specific market cap is not a single driver. It’s an indicator, and again what you look at as you book we added back deferred tax assets because, again, the market gives us value for that relative to what the book has. So, in and of itself, the market cap did not drive impairment this quarter. And again, we took a look at any other indicators that might have been there and again, none rose to the level that would indicate a full-blown impairment would be taken.
Roger Cregg: Okay, Mike. On the goodwill? No, I would say that there’s risk, even if the value of the stock were to go up, because it’s also based on how the goodwill is allocated across markets. So you could have markets that deteriorate that could cause goodwill on a particular asset in those markets. And so it is not as easy as just saying I look at one indicator and I can feel comfortable or uncomfortable about it. It is, again, a complicated formula. You have to look at your allocation of goodwill across the markets, and then how those actually perform. It is a future view, so you’re looking at what the future value of that generation is of the assets as well. And so, again, that’s why it’s pretty complicated, but no, you can’t just say that there’s no risk because the market cap goes up or stays the same. And those are things that we continue to look at market by market, as we would do that goodwill impairment test.
Roger Cregg: Can I just add that even though we had that in our backlog doesn’t mean all those homes that we have in our backlog are all going to close in the next quarter, so you cannot extrapolate the number that’s in our backlog to get the next quarter’s average selling price. We have specs that we sell in the quarter, cancellations where a house might resell, so all of those types of things will affect overall the average selling price from quarter to quarter.
Roger Cregg: Yeah Mike, as I mentioned earlier, and as we talked in the script, the average selling price is a function of where it’s selling throughout the country. So as we did talk about the stability in price, we’re not seeing huge increases to drive that type of thing even on average, let alone specifically community by community. So it is more driven on mix than it is anything else moving through that.
Roger Cregg: Yeah, basically we’re right where we were the previous quarter, about $2.3 billion in deferred tax assets with a $2.3 billion valuation reserve up against it.
Roger Cregg: I think as we’ve stated, quarter after quarter here, that we’re waiting to see how the market moves and quite frankly the market’s moving in the opposite direction than many thought two quarters ago. We wanted to be conservative to see it. We wanted the fog to lift so to speak, so that we get a clear direction on paying down debt, investing more heavily in land as Richard mentioned, all of those things on the table that you do with the cash and the capital to make the balance sheet even stronger. So it’s not lost on us. It’s clearly about value creation and how we actually get there from our investment strategy going forward. Those are the things we’ve been waiting to see as the fog lifts and we get to see truly what the market’s going to do.
Roger Cregg: Yeah, basically there were two items and they were tax liabilities, income tax liabilities. So that’s why if you looked at the balance sheet down in the income tax area you’ll see the liabilities actually move. And so they were basically two issues that we had that were resolved during the current quarter, where we basically removed those liabilities. So the deferred tax assets really didn’t move in the quarter or the last couple of quarters. It’s been pretty much the same. Again, as I mentioned, deferred tax asset has a full valuation reserve against it. So it was – the majority of it was basically tax liabilities.
Roger Cregg: Basically, I would tell you we’re in that range you saw last quarter: just over $150 million, this quarter $147 million. It could be up or down. This quarter we had some insurance adjustments in there that go through based on an actuarial review when we look at it. So some of those things influence us a little bit here and there but I think we’re sort of at that run rate at this point. If you looked at those dollars I could tell you between $140 million and $150 million on a given quarter. And again there’s nuances of accounting that run through there. You’ve got different types of accounting expenses that might move one quarter versus another quarter. But I would tell you we’re generally in that range today, pretty much on a dollar basis. And then as Richard mentioned, the leverage will come with the volume in the closings as helped us out in the second quarter here and we’ll see when the quarters go forward what the closing potential is in the next couple of quarters and the leverage on that side of it.
Roger Cregg: Yeah Megan, this is Roger. It is pre-tax. It is even with the charges that are in there that we’re looking at from a pre-tax standpoint. Again it’s going to be dependent on volume in the next couple of quarters, but right now we have a forecast for that and that goes with what we had commented on.
Roger Cregg: Yeah this is Roger. I would just tell you that it’s not something you can look at at any point in time to say what it’s going to be. Again, it depends on how many specs you might have. You sell throughout the quarter. But I would tell you, you look at the last couple of quarters the trend has been relatively in the same range. We’ve sold or closed roughly 76%, 78% of the backlog at the beginning of the quarter to look at it. So again I’m not sure that you can clearly say that that’s what’s always going to happen. It depends on just the number of specs. But we’ve been in that range. So it is an indicator, but it’s not absolute about what we’re going to do in the next quarter.
Roger Cregg: Basically, (this is Roger again) again as we talked about not being that robust in the market overall and it’s going to be very very small. So if you’re looking at this year we’ve got, quite frankly, the transaction we’ve done this year. So the land that we actually approved this year, not in 2009 but in 2010, we expect to have roughly 170 closings from land that we acquired this year. Next year, basically, for the land we already acquired this year, roughly about 1,200. And again if all of those come to pass based on putting the house up, and the timing, and the build out, all of those very small numbers in general to our population. Again, we’re not driving the way other builders are, where they’re going to close 30% to 50% of what they acquired. Again, that’s not our strategy, so you shouldn’t expect that from us.
Roger Cregg: Yeah Buck, this is Roger again. Why it’s growing is because we acquired Centex last year and basically you take that off. And so as you move forward relative to Pulte’s position, it was growing. And so that’s an accurate statement for Pulte but the reason it’s growing is because we added on the debt from Centex in the merger last year. So you’re going to get a normal increase in that relative to where we were. As we look at it certainly as you continue to, if one were to continue to deplete the land inventory, then the relative long term debt against that puts pressure on taking that through the P&L as a greater expense. So again, if we continue to deplete the inventory over the next two to four quarters, we could see some pressure on bringing that back to the P&L as an interest expense without capitalizing it.
Michael Schweninger: Yeah, this is Mike. Just take a look at Centex, about 41% of our signups came from Centex, 31% came from Pulte, and 28% came from Del Webb.
Michael Schweninger: In terms of our – that’s with the net signup units – the 4,218 – we had about an average of $272,000 on the sales price on those. And in our backlog, we have approximately $280,000 average sales price in backlog.
Michael Schweninger: Yeah, capitalized interest on the balance sheet at the end of the quarter was approximately $311 million and we capitalized approximately $67 million of interest during the quarter.
