Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Jack, we definitely discussed before we would like to get the total land number lower for sure. We have been over the last five years buying much shorter positions, but as we moderate the rate of growth in our land spend, we will have quite a bit of free cash flow. And we intend just as we outlined as part of our Value Creation strategy that any dollars not going into land will be returned to shareholders. So that's why we're up on the buyback today.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Alan, we have sold about $400 million worth of land over the last several years, and we're continually looking to prune unproductive assets. So that will continue, probably not in any great rate, not a big slug at any one time, but slowly over time you'll see that number continue to flow through a little bit. But to be clear, with all the investment we put in over the past four years, which as you know has been in the 30% to 40% annual range in terms of increases year-over-year, we'll have substantial cash coming off the business just from that investment for at least the next few years. So as we begin to moderate the rate of growth, we're still going to have substantial growth over the next few years, but the rate of cash coming in vis-à-vis the incremental cash going out for land will free up quite a bit of capital for repurchases. So to be clear, we're not intending on huge land sales to fund the buyback.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, Alan, Richard here again. A couple things. So we do agree with that statement, this slow and steady path for the next several years overall. The fact is we've been stepping on the gas pretty hard the last few years with regard to land spend and we're just going to moderate that a bit which will free up quite a bit of cash from operations. But that's our view collectively on the market. The second pieces is we realize that we have a large land base that we need to monetize and we're going to work really hard to have that continue to drive business for us.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Bob, I wouldn't necessarily say that 2017 will be the peak year for deliveries. The reality is, is that land that we put in place today it's 24 plus months before it comes on line. So when we began increasing investment back in 2013, we knew that 2016 would be a big year and we're expecting growth from here. So I can't comment on exactly when that growth peaks. And I'll point out that we're talking about only moderating the growth rate of land, not necessarily cutting the rate of land. So we're still projecting solid growth over the next several years and I want to be clear about that. So I wouldn't call for 2017 to be the peak. The reality is though we should be getting more and more efficient as we monetize this large land base we already have.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Hey, Mike. This is Richard. I want to be crystal clear for everyone on the call. What we're doing today will not impact our 2017 volumes. When we buy land in this space, it's for at least 24 months out. No one should model or change their view on what our growth should be relative to 2017 here at all. That's why we commented extensively in our release that we will be growing for the next several years. And I also want to point out, we're talking about moderating the rate of growth in our land spend, and we've been growing substantially. So there's lots of growth to come. The reality is we have a large balance sheet, and we're just going to monetize that to a better degree, I believe, than we have in the past and use the cash flow to help buy back equity. And to a comment that was asked on the previous question, no one's talking about leverage anywhere near 50% here. Bob stated very clearly we want to stay within that 30% to 40% range. And if we get outside of it, we'll work hard to bring it back in. So just wanted to clarify there.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah. Steve, that is still underway internally. So I don't want to get too detailed here. But we are looking at reducing overhead costs throughout the operation collectively. And I would expect that the actions we take there will be taken in third quarter and that our newly established run rate will be in place for Q4. So we'll have more to say on our Q3 call clearly about the detail there. But we expect to reduce our overhead costs in Q3.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: I'll answer the first, and then maybe Bob or Ryan could comment on the business excluding Wieland. I'm not involved in the search, Stephen, but I do know the committee is underway. They've engaged an outside firm and they intend to get the two new directors up to speed immediately. And I know there's plans to do that like literally immediately. So I can't speak for the committee, but I would hope that over the next couple of months they would be able to wrap up their work. So not specificity there, but sometime in the not too distant future, I would think. And on the other comment -
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah, Eric, I think it's fair to say we feel like we're somewhere in the middle of the cycle. We're not in the early stages of the cycle. It is maturing and land costs are up. I'll echo something that Bob put in his script. We're proud of our operating margin performance and we are taking some SG&A action to help keep that. As land prices and labor prices are not allowing quite as much pricing power as we've had in the past on account of the gross margin side. So it's a very healthy housing market, we're really pleased with our absorption paces and we project the next few years are going to bring more of the same.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And Ken, this is Richard. I'll just add one thing. We are committed to operating margin excellence regardless of what gross margins are doing, and we're pleased with where our gross margins are. They're still on a relative basis quite strong, but we just want to be clear that we want to maintain our lead in operating margins.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: It's a bit of both. We are counting on revenue growth and volume growth, and we're counting on dollars, actual dollars, coming out of the business as well. We're not providing any more color than that at this stage. As Bob indicated, we'll have more to say a little bit later in the year, but we're pleased with the fact that we'll be getting incremental leverage on the business next year. And the other thing I'll just say about it is our 2017 volumes will be driven by what we invested in 2014, 2015 timeframe primarily. So that's why we know we'll have growth.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And, Susan, the conversion improvement that we had in the quarter, which Bob noted we expect continued improvement vis-à-vis last year, that's a result of the better pace of inventory management that we put in place over the past six to nine months, and I think Ryan detailed that quite a bit on the last call, and we're pleased. We've got more inventory in the ground that is helping.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Mike, this is Richard. The board is very aligned, as the leadership team is, around this Value Creation strategy. I wouldn't want to comment specifically on what the next CEO would do. But I can tell you that our board members who have spoken with investors have been very clear that they are committed to value creation. So that certainly will influence the next CEO's thinking around this. And it's been successful strategy for the company, so we're pleased with it.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah. Megan, this is Richard. I think I can help with that. We view everything we're announcing today as a continuation and perhaps an enhancement of what we've already been doing, which is shortening the overall length of positions that we're taking on the land side. We gave some good disclosure before that the last several years we've been buying much shorter positions. So that continues. What we are also saying is that with 143,000 lots, we have a lot of dry powder to monetize from here and that we don't need to grow our rate of land spend at 30% or 40% a year, as Bob indicated, going forward. But the care with which we underwrite deals, the focus on closer-to-the-city properties, the discipline to stay away from those tertiary B and C locations, the idea to not take on 10 years', 15 years' worth of land risk on any one deal, that all stays the same going forward. And to be clear, we do think the market's got several years of growth ahead of it. We're just trying to be prudent with regard to recognizing the large land book that we have.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Buck, this is Richard. That'll continue to be driven by what our local operators are seeing with regard to demand in their business, and that's candidly fluid all the time. So as an example, if you operate in Southwest Florida, we're doing a lot of active adult business because that's the business there, whereas in Texas, the entry-level's quite strong. So our local operations and what they're seeing will continue to let that land seek its natural place of highest return. So we're not trying to make a macro call on the segment.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Bob, it's worth remembering, if you go back to, call it, December of 2014, I think, when we had our Investor Day and laid out what our uses of capital were going to be, this is really the execution of that. So we highlighted we want to invest in high growth or high return opportunities, and when that, as we've talked about, has moderated not stopping to Richard's point, but moderating the growth of it – so we'll still be investing a fair amount of money – using that excess cash flow to return to shareholders. And the important thing and you've asked the question, is around that it hinges on debt-to-cap between 30% and 40%. Today, we're at 35%. We're talking about incremental leverage over that next 18 months that isn't really terribly significant. Again, we highlight that we might go a little bit above 40%, but not a lot. And again, what we've indicated is that we would seek to get back down under 40% as time goes by because that's what we've outlined in terms of our priorities. So we've not tried to make a determination of market. So when we've been buying back equity over the last two or three years, we have a view about market values. But typically, we're buying on a relatively consistent basis with the cash we have available. And other than trading what we think is intelligently as the market price changes, we're not saying we think the stock is expensive or inexpensive; we're just returning shareholder funds.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Let me just – I'll address both. Typically, to your first question on 2017, we would give color on 2017 later this year, and we would expect to do that, not today. In terms of the leverage rates, like anything else in life, it depends on when we go to market; how the business cash flows are generated over time. But again, I would tell you that our expectation is at the end of 2017, with the buyback levels that we're talking about, we don't think we get much outside of 40%, to Richard's earlier comment.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Stephen, on Wieland, we're not going to give detail on Wieland versus the rest of the business. What I'll offer is our absorption pace, as we highlighted, were up 23% in first-time, down 8% in move-up, up 5% in active adult. Again, Wieland sits in that move-up space and absent the Wieland business that would have been flat year-over-year. So in total, our absorption paces were flat Q2 versus Q2 last year. They would have been up somewhat instead if we hadn't had the Wieland business. And we did highlight 70 basis points of margin.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. I would just make two comments. One, on the capital. To your question, I don't think it would change our perspective. Our land teams have – we are agnostic to what land they're buying, so we're not going to say – we're not going to spend as much and we particularly don't want you to buy entry-level or something like that. So the teams have the capacity to make the investment decisions. And then with respect to the agencies, and I think Richard said it all, we will maintain the discipline we have. We think we've got a business that is supportive of an investment grade whether they get there or not. This will introduce some more leverage but certainly within the guidelines that we outlined. And if not, we'd seek to get back inside.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Ken, I think the answer is all of the above to some extent. Certainly, Wieland is impacting our margins consistent with the way we thought they would. Mix matters. If you look at our second quarter of this year versus second quarter of last year, Del Webb, or active adult I should say, is less of a contributor and it is our highest margin business so that on a mix adjusted basis takes our margins down. And to be clear and we've said this over time, land prices have gone up over time and that more expensive land cycles into our mix. Labor costs are up. We have a generally positive or favorable commodity market, so the input costs there, but labor is expensive. We've suggested or we've guided that 1.5% to 2% growth in our house cost, and again, a lot of that is labor. So all those things factor in as we look at what we've had occur in this quarter and what's going to happen over the next couple of quarters.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. As we highlighted, that's actually what we think of the final costs associated with that and really we vacated the last space we had in Michigan. So it just was dependent on when we actually got folks consolidated in one spot. So we think that one is completely behind us now. As it relates to the pending land transactions, essentially, it's one fairly significant and complex transaction that we've been working on for a number of years, the entitlements were challenging, and as we move forward because of some of the cost elements of it candidly, the deal just didn't make a lot of sense. And rather than push it forward because we had a lot of money invested in it, we decided to walk away rather than make it a long-term problem for us. So kind of a unique circumstance in that one.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Susan, just want to be clear, we haven't changed our strategy with respect to land. All we've said is we're not going to grow our investment in land at the 30%-plus rate that we have for the last three or four years. Our strategies remain the same. In terms of our ability to monetize those assets, you heard Richard say we've sold probably $400-ish million over the last four or five years of non-core assets. And so we will continue to seek to do that. Those will be kind of lumpy as things become marketable if they're out there, and there aren't a ton of them, candidly. We've got, as an example, less than $100 million on the balance sheet today of land held for sale which is stuff that we would think would transact in the relatively short-term. And obviously with respect to some of our other longer-dated positions, we've talked about those pretty consistently over time where we're just seeking to drive the best return we can off of forward investment, and so as demand is there we will sell those.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Mike, we're not giving guidance beyond what we have in terms of margin. I think what we're trying to communicate on the expense side is, we're looking to maintain the efficiency of our operations. We think we have an opportunity to run the business with a little bit less cost. And so I don't think there's any correlation necessarily between the margin conversation and the expense conversation. The margins will be what they are depending on market conditions and our ability to control costs. We are going to try and drive better efficiency in our operations to reduce expenses.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. We had said that it would be 70-ish basis points this year as we work through the acquired inventory. So I think you'll see it for the balance of this year but not into next year.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Well, I think market conditions will help us to make that decision over time. This business, I think, is best served by longer-term capital markets activity as opposed to short term or something of this nature. I think that's still consistent. We'll look at the markets as we get to a point where we're going to issue debt. They're attractive today, so that would be a at-market-time decision.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. I think we have indicated where we think leverage goes. And again, it can – within the six-quarter period when we borrow matters; when we earn money matters. And so you'll see some volatility or variability – better choice of words. But we don't see it getting as much outside of our targeted leverage rate by the time all is said and done.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Eric, this is Ryan. What I would tell you is that the first few weeks of July have continued to show typical seasonal selling patterns, and we continue to see local economies drive pockets of strength and/or weakness as we move across the country. One great example that I'll give you is our Dallas market. That's a market where the local economy continues to do very well and we're seeing nice pricing power throughout all of the segments. And the other thing that I would just point out to you, Eric, is we continue to say through our Value Creation strategy there are focuses on driving high returns. Margins are certainly a component of driving high returns but it's not the only thing that we focus on.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Yeah, Will. Where we've seen pockets of relative weakness over prior year were in the Northeast market specifically, New Jersey, and our Boston area markets. We saw nice strength in D.C. and throughout Florida was very strong.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Yeah, Susan, this is Ryan. We're very pleased with what's happening out of our Texas operations including the demand. Certainly, the weather has been a factor. I'll tell you that the weather's probably most greatly impacted our ability to develop land. As the dirt has just become so saturated, we have to wait for it to dry out. We don't anticipate it having a significant effect on our operations and ability to deliver future closings out of our Texas markets.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Megan – or this is Ryan. What I would tell you is that the first few weeks of July have proven to be very similar to previous seasonal patterns that we've seen in prior years, and it's very normal. The cadence has proven out to be very normal seasonal type patterns.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Buck, this is Ryan. What we're seeing is it's a true shift in demand in the marketplace, doesn't really have anything to do with our spec strategy.
