Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. We realized continued strong buyer demand in the first quarter and buyer interest has remained high through April. That being said, a 200-basis-point increase in mortgage rates since the start of the year is likely to have an impact on consumers. Even with the potential for changes in demand, I think the limited supply of available homes means prices can remain high and puts the construction industry in an advantageous position to weather future demand volatility. As we sit here today, the bigger challenge by far isn’t getting houses sold, but rather getting them built. That said, it is important that we take actions now to put PulteGroup in the best possible position for continued success. Based on recent field visits and walking numerous job sites, I can personally tell you that our teams are doing an amazing job getting our homes constructed. I want to thank our entire organization for their efforts and I have to highlight the work of our corporate and field-based procurement teams, sourcing even the most basic materials can change from week-to-week, but this group has learned to adapt and find solutions to the most challenging situations. Before opening the call to questions, I would also like to highlight that PulteGroup was again ranked among the 100 Best Companies to Work for by Great Place to Work and Fortune Magazine. We didn’t just rank again this year but jumped up 32 positions to number 43 on the list. Being ranked is certainly a nice acknowledgment, but much more important is actually having an amazing and supportive culture that makes PulteGroup a place where people want to be. This is an important competitive advantage when working to attract and retain the most talented individuals. Now let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Well, actually, I think, it’s a fair question. As we highlighted in our prepared remarks, the demand that we saw in the first quarter was exceptionally strong and that’s continued into April. To your point, if there is a buyer group that will be more impacted by rising rates, it’s certainly the first-time buyer. For -- it’s for that reason, among others that we have maintained the importance of our diversified and balanced consumer strategy. We have about 35% of our business that’s specifically targeted to entry level. We do tend to play at the higher price points within the entry-level consumer group. So I think it gives us some room to move around. The other piece that we have done here to help with the kind of buying process is most of those homes were starting to specs and we are not releasing them for sale until they are closer to the delivery window, which I think shortens the amount of time that a buyer will be waiting to take delivery of their home in our backlog.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Alan, it’s Ryan. I would tell you the land market remains competitive. Certainly, we have other new homebuilders that are buying for the prime parcels and there’s other options as well, might it be apartments or other types of users for the land. So I think if you have got a well-located parcel of land, it’s competitive, always has been, I think, always likely will be. In terms of kind of what we have seen with more recent optionality. We have pushed from two years ago or three years ago where we were kind of in the 30%s, 30% range in terms of amount of options. Today, we sit at 52%. As you have heard, we are going to push that higher, we have kind of set a goal and a target for ourselves to be in the 65% to 70% range. In terms of your question about, is there potential for things to be re-traded. We are purchasing this year, Alan, I would tell you there’s likely no need for that. To your point, there’s a lot of embedded value. These are parcels that were put under contract or under control 18 months to 24 months ago and so, they are great deals and we are going to close on them. We are going to be really thoughtful and judicious around what we are underwriting. What we are putting under control now that will be closings in 2023 and 2024. Those are the parcels that, I think, are more susceptible to being tighter in terms of economics that meet our standards and it’s part of the reason that we think it’s so important that you have got optionality in your land portfolio because it gives you the flexibility to maneuver.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Mike, it’s a great question. I think the biggest reason is inflation. We are in a hyperinflationary environment for all things in the world. And as we had -- as we mentioned in some of our prepared remarks to go out and put another buyer in backlog that’s not going to be able to close on their home for another year, I don’t think it’s a great experience for anybody. The consumer doesn’t want to wait that long. They are susceptible to all kinds of potential fluctuations in interest rates, which they may or may not be able to handle. And then we have locked in our economics in terms of what we are charging the consumer at the point that we sign the contract. And then we are exposed to a year plus of potential moves in commodity inflation and we just don’t think that makes sense for our customer and their experience and it certainly doesn’t make sense for economics. So we really like the way the production environment moving. We started almost 9,000 homes in the quarter, which I think demonstrates that we are getting units in the ground. We were able to close homes that were at the high end of our guide, which I think also demonstrates the fact that we are -- we have got pretty good control and predictability around what’s in production and so we are actively moving through bringing our backlog down to a level where we can start to release more things for sale and we are certainly looking forward to that.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Mike, we don’t -- I think as you are aware, we don’t guide to new orders. So we will stop short of doing that on this call. We are seeing some minor wins in the supply chain and we are having pretty good luck getting homes in the ground. The first quarter is still a quarter where you deal with a fair amount of weather. So to get 9,000 new starts, I think, demonstrates that the supply -- that our production pipeline has moved. So I think it’s fair to assume if we can continue at that rate, that you will start to see some restrictions lifted on the way we are releasing lots and releasing homes for potential sale over the balance of the year. We are reaffirming our guide or we did reaffirm our guide of 31,000 closings for the year and that assumes that the kind of supply chain environment kind of stays about like it is right now.
Ryan Marshall: Hey, Mike. Good morning. This is Ryan. Good question. And the sales pace throughout the quarter was incredibly consistent, because we were controlling it. So we set a rate that we were willing to sell at and so you saw a very similar performance January to February, February to March. Ordinarily, you would actually, I think, in a -- given it’s the spring selling season, you would see sales orders build through the quarter and we just didn’t let that this year. Discounts are non-existent. We were less than 1% in the quarter, which is down from where it was in the same quarter last year. And price increases remained on a fairly consistent predictable cadence with what we have been over the past six months to nine months. So I think the short answer is, the market is still healthy, demand is still strong, there are more buyers out there than we are able to build homes for right now.
Ryan Marshall: Well, I think, it’s difficult to compare periods of rising rates, because of the factors that are driving those rising rates are so different. And we happen to be in an inflationary environment with an economy that is continuing to run pretty hot. We are seeing real wage growth. We are seeing a low unemployment environment and there’s a real shortage of supply. So there -- the other thing that I think its work highlighting, in this rate environment is the impact of the pandemic and so I think trying to compare to rising rate environment, well, I am sure, you can do it. I think the conclusion will drop will likely not be terrible informative.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. So it will take some time. It will be probably the next two plus years that you will see us progressively move there. But history is guide, I think, when we have laid targets like this out for our operating team. And frankly, we shared it with the investment community we have executive against it. We certainly think that we do that here as well, which give us the reason that gives us that we have got confidence to kind of put that target out there. I think it’s very doable. There are number of ways in which will effectuate moving from where we sit today to higher level of optionality, some of that will done with directly with the land sellers. We think that’s arguably the best way to do it. Sometimes we will work with development partners that are actually putting finished lots on the ground for us and there are some other alternative arrangements that you can use to get optionality in the land book as well. So I think you should expect us to probably use a mix of all of those things as we move to more optionality. We think it’s got a lot of benefits in terms of managing risk. But certainly very capital efficient, it helps to drive returns to a better place and we will use that in cash flow for some of the things that Bob highlighted a minute ago, including share repurchases.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. John, good morning. Thanks for the question. On the community count side, we are dragging a little bit from where we would optimally have liked to have been and it’s mostly around entitlement delays with municipalities. It’s always been hard and it’s taken a long time to get through the entitlement process. I would tell you, cities and city councils and planning and zoning boards, while I think most are back and working, it’s just simply taking longer. So really nothing there that I would highlight other than it’s taken us a few months longer than ideal. In terms of kind of the supply environment, we are operating under the assumption that things are going to continue to remain hard for the balance of 2022, which means we are -- that’s why we have reaffirmed the guide that we gave. I will take you back to the commentary that we gave at the end of Q4, our assumption was that 2022 is going to remain a very difficult supply chain year and we are still there. As I highlighted in my prepared remarks, John, if we are to see some improvement and I’d like optimistically, I think, we have got to start turning the corner soon. That’s mostly going to benefit our 2023 production. We are clearly not there yet in terms of kind of giving guidance. And then, finally, in terms of kind of new orders and more communities and less sales restrictions. I think that all can be interpreted as a positive for the future. But we don’t give forward guidance in terms of orders. So we will -- while we are optimistic, we will report the news when we get there.
Ryan Marshall: It’s very similar. Not a lot of change. It was a strong quarter and pretty similar to what we saw in Q3 and Q4 of last year.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Stephen, that’s exactly right. Buyers that are purchasing today or purchased in the first quarter, we qualified them at the rate when they applied for a mortgage. It’s part of the reason that Bob touched on, the comment that we made about stress testing our backlog, those buyers would have qualified at whatever rate was there in a prior period. And largely, those buyers are still able to qualify and for the ones that are maybe a little tighter. We have got programs and things that we can do to help get them over the hump. But to your question, Stephen, and I think the most important thing is, yeah, the buyers that are signing up today are qualifying in today’s rate environment. And the reason that they are locking or doing longer rate locks is because they are making the trade between the cost of that forward longer term rate lock against the volatility that they think might play out in the interest rate environment.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Stephen, there are certainly kind of one-off scenarios where we have to work through some kind of a challenging situation with the consumer. We pride ourselves on outstanding customer experience and doing the right thing for the consumer, which by and large, I think, we do always. The buyers that are in backlog have got tremendous backlog -- tremendous equity built up based on when they purchased. They are excited to close and so there’s not really a need for a lot of negotiation at the closing table. They want to be in their homes. They have got tremendous value built up. They are closing. So the -- the gross margin guide that we have given incorporates all of the information that we have, and kind of what we would expect to play out over the coming quarters and the balance of the year and it’s a healthy gross margin, as I think, you can probably appreciate.
Ryan Marshall: Well, look, we are slightly on the high end and so high end of our guide, which we are thrilled with. I think it’s more a testament to the strength of our operations team, our construction team that really work incredibly hard to deliver homes in a tough environment and it’s hard out there. I think we have done a better job based on being in this environment now for a year, probably, going on almost two years that we have probably got better forecasting methodologies and assuming how and how quickly things are going to move through the cycle. But it continues to be tough out there, but that’s not taking anything away from our construction team that I think really knocked it out of the park.
Ryan Marshall: And to your first question on are there particular supplies? No. I think it’s consistent across buyer groups and it’s kind of the same commodities, the same items that continue to see constrained things that involve microchips are hard to come by. There are some commodities, some lumber components that are difficult for sure. So, but in terms of differences between buyer groups, I wouldn’t highlight anything. As for kind of are there consumer segments where we could take share. I would tell you, we are looking to grow our company across the Board. Our mix of business today is exactly where we want it positioned and so as we look to grow the company, we will look to do it equally across all consumer segments. I’d highlight that our Del Webb brand remains the most recognized and powerful brand within the active Adult Consumer Group. And so we like what we are able to do there. Similarly, we like the gains that we have made in the entry level consumer space with our Centex product, which that product is mostly being sold or started as a spec home and sold just prior to the home being finished.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Carl, I think, to your point, traffic is not as good an indicator of the strength of the market as maybe what it used to be. Most of our communities don’t have available inventory that you can buy off the lot, so to speak. So some of the things that we are really paying attention to today is the traffic to our website, virtual visits, in addition to the customers that actually come into the stores or the model parks physically. So it’s important, trust me, we pay attention to it, it’s something that I watch on a weekly basis, what’s going on with our traffic. But it is a little bit different right now compared to how it used to be. The difference maybe between now and pre-pandemic is the virtual traffic, which is ridiculously strong compared to maybe a prior cycle.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. I think we are always obviously in close contact with our backlog. We have seen people taking a longer rate lock position and so we have highlighted that an increase in rates is a single-digit -- 100-basis-point rate increases a single-digit, perhaps, impact on our backlog. It’s interesting, most of the folks that are there have significant equity built up in their house and so they have expressed that they want to close. And so we have lots of different ways that we can help people get there, whether it’s to source additional income, if they have some additional down payment different programs. So the backlog is pretty solid, and obviously, people have changed in circumstances we work with them as best we can to try to get them to closing table.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Alan, it’s -- I think a way to think about it is pre- and post-pandemic, just to be simple and we would tell you that half of it is pre and half of its post. Obviously, we put things under control, oftentimes a fair amount of time in advance of when we actually take the lots down and so owned versus option plays into that. On balance, it’s usually taken us 12 months to 24 months to get from contract to getting communities open. So I don’t know if that gets you there, but roughly 50% is pre-pandemic or two years to three years ago.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. And to your question on option and lot premium spend. It was almost $100,000 a unit in the most -- in this print. That’s up 23%, which I think reflects the strength of the market. And you can -- we don’t provide that level of detail on our -- on the orders we have taken, but you can see from the average sales prices being up, we are not seeing much change on that at all.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Mike, I wouldn’t want to speculate on actual owned lots at any one point in time. I think we are trying to grow the business to do that. You have to have lots on the ground. You have to develop them. Some of it will depend on whether we are buying raw that we are self-developing or if we have arrangements that provide us finished lots. So there’s a lot of things that will influence that. In terms of what that does ultimately to our capital allocation, I think, you have seen us, as we have driven that option percentage higher, we have been generating a significant amount of cash and we have been using that cash to continue to invest in the business and to buy back stock. You saw that we obviously bought back a lot of stock this quarter. Our lens on that doesn’t change, right? So, if we have excess capital and if that’s being generated by a more efficient balance sheet, we will evaluate the needs for that capital and one of those is going to be share repurchases. So I think at the end of the day, it does a couple of things for us. One, it provides us some flexibility and protection from market risk. It yields higher returns and it yields higher free cash that we would use, again, consistently with what we have done over the past 10 years.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Truman, I don’t -- not really, right? I mean, the market, I think, is pretty efficient. We have not seen a reduction in desire. So if we are talking to folks, there is money available. The question for us has always been, can we make the economics make sense and you have seen things tighten a little bit, which is good. For us, again, the goal is to try and create a transaction that yields us an acceptable return and gives us some flexibility and I don’t think that the market has changed appreciably. We are trying to broaden relationships. We are talking to different folks. We still probably start at if it’s a land seller trying to work out a deal with them first. What we are really doing now is saying, okay, if they are not willing to do some sort of option, does it make sense to put a third party between us and the dirt before we close. More to come on that to Ryan’s point. It will take some time. But we are working through it.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. To the latter one, we always seek a fair deposit and we are continuing to do that today. In terms of working with our consumers, we still enjoy a very robust capture rate. We do offer. We think attractive rate lock programs. We have seen people go out a little bit longer. They are locking a little bit earlier. And we are encouraging them to do that, because the rate environment is going to move, it seems and has moved against them. So we have seen, in particular, the sort of the 60-day rate lock environment, which is when people are getting closing dates typically. We have seen a lot of people participating in that.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. That goes to the individual, candidly. We offer it. We have got long rate locks. But it gets expensive, Truman. So they are…
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. It’s interesting, because of everything Ryan just said, that is relative to pre-pandemic good, but declining a little bit and mostly because I think people know there’s no inventory to look at. So they are not coming into the stores often but they are still searching for homes and literally and figuratively. Many places have such limited lot releases that there’s not anything to go look at.
