Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. We've talked about that as something we're striving to do. We still have a challenging entitlement process. And so, as we go through the year it's our expectation we'll continue to see improvement relative to last year, but that we won't get back to historical averages, at least not during 2016.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: A lot there, Mike. I think to answer your first question, yes, your memory is correct. So we were 8% to 10% Q2 year-over-year and then 10% to 15% year-over-year in the back half of the year. And what we're saying is we think we'll get back to that range of growth period-over-period. As to absorption paces, we did say coming into the year that Wieland would likely have an impact on our absorption paces, because it moves a little bit slower than our traditional Pulte business; and in fact that's what we saw. So we highlighted that you had an 8% increase in first-time and 4% and 5% decreases in move-up and active adult. And if you take Wieland out – and that's a net 5% down, 8.4% to 8.0% in terms of absorption paces – if you take Wieland out, we go up to 8.4%. So essentially we're flat ex the Wieland business.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Well, I think we've given guidance, 21.5% to 22%. We're reiterating that. Coming into the year we had said Wieland would influence our margins by about 70 basis points for the year. We still think that's a pretty good number. We had given quarterly estimates on that; and it was 100 basis points in the first quarter, 70 basis points in the second, 50 basis points in the third and fourth. And we were a little bit less impactful, in the first quarter it was only 80 basis points, but we think through the year that it's still about 70 basis points. So coming into the year, we said, look, we've got higher land and labor construction costs and that will be offset by interest increases. That's exactly what we saw in the first quarter. I think you can expect to continue to see that through the balance of 2016; again, within that annual range of 21.5% to 22%. Obviously the financing we did here in the first quarter took our leverage up, took our interest spend up. So for the first time in a long time, our cash spend is a little bit higher than our interest expense. That won't influence 2016. It will have some influence on 2017 and beyond. But I guess the only thing I'd point out to that end is, paying down the debt that we'll do in the second quarter, there's a net add of about $500 million year-over-year. That's roughly 5%, 5.5%. So it's not a huge incremental interest increase as we go forward.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: It was about a little over $300 million. So pretty consistent with historic spend patterns where we've been spending roughly dollar for dollar land acq and land development.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: To the final question, the answer is no. The answer is, it doesn't get capitalized into older positions that way. But I guess the way I would answer that is we don't have a tremendous amount of what I would characterize as outer ring assets. If you think back, we certainly have a large lot position associated with some of the larger, older Del Webb positions. It's that slide 11 in the deck. And we've talked about that for years that it will just take us time to work through that. Good news is strong margins on that business, good return on incremental investment. We own the land (34:52) now we're just development dollars, sticks and bricks. So we do okay on that. It's also worth mentioning that over the last, gosh, I guess it's five years now, we've been pretty active in selling some of those older, what I would characterize as, challenged assets. So if you think about it, over the last four years or five years, it's certainly more than $400 million probably of land sales that moved a lot of those, again what I'd characterize as, challenged assets. So our book today doesn't have a lot of that.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Well, Deb's not here, but I'll take that one, Ivy. We do sell direct. And so I would tell you we are not seeing that as an impediment to our closing process. More broadly for the market, I can't comment on.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Jack, we're seeing our Western markets do quite well. We think this is reflective of some of the places where the local economies are strong, as well as where we have great investment. We've also seen the Midwest perform very well year-over-year. So those are the two spots that I would highlight.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. We've talked about this in the past, and for the most part our dollar spend is relatively fixed. We don't run sales commissions through SG&A, and so we have other than production level and footprint expansion. So if we're opening a bunch of new communities, there are costs associated with that. So as we look at the balance of the year, the guidance would imply another $540 million of spend, which translates to about $180 million a quarter; and I would suggest that's kind of how we'll spend it. It's not going to be largely variable.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. We had said coming into the year that with a relatively benign commodity market, but a relatively tight labor market that we saw our construction costs up about 2%; and that was largely labor and we still see that. We've got pretty good visibility into six months of costs. And so, in terms of our backlog, we have, like I said, pretty good visibility into what our cost structure is going to be on that. So we haven't seen that move materially since we last talked.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Ken, fair question. The answer is no. Our interest gets applied across our entire production portfolio. And so, when we manage the business, these are the numbers we're managing against. So this is sort of book value, historical cost versus selling price for each. So as you look at this, interest doesn't really influence it.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Gabe, it's complicated because you've got options lots in here versus owned lots. So are you talking about committed capital, spent capital, in particular the newer Del Webbs. For the older ones typically we own them, but for the newer ones we've tried to structure them with option takedowns. So let us give that some thought. And maybe when we present this either at the next investor conference or next quarter, we'll try and get some color in there for you.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Gabe, I think it's fair to say that the dollars associated are not gigantic for the company based on the total investment. And to your point the write-downs, which is reflective on the following slide, slide 12, which shows the sort of legacy lots, which many of these Del Webb lots would be included in that as a margin tailwind going forward.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Again, looking at the portfolio, it's relatively modest outside of Del Webb. And in the Del Webb position, you can see there's 36,000 lots. If you look at slide 11, there's 36,000 lots in that book that we would characterize as those legacy assets.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: We did two tranches, a five-year piece and a 10-year piece. And the 10-year piece was 5.5%, but through five-year it was 4.25%.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Hi, Susan. It's Richard. The Wieland acquisition is progressing well. The teams are moving through the integration process as expected. We had, what, about two-and-a-half months in the quarter of total activity from the brand, but it's going well. We have an excellent team focused on integration; and we're pleased with the way it's going so far. So it's early yet, but so far so good.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: John, this is Richard. Most of it was mix. We certainly got some price in the quarter. Bob indicated that we had improvements in both option impact as well as lot premium impact. So certainly some of it was price, but the majority of it was mix, reflective of the investments that we made over the past few years. We've been quite clear that the majority of our investments have gone to that move-up category. So that was the majority of it. There was also a little impact from the Wieland backlog coming in. So you see the backlog ASPs expanding pretty dramatically; and that's primarily due to mix with a little bit of Wieland and some price.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Trey, this is Richard. I'll answer that. We're not providing quarterly margin guidance. We're very pleased with our margins. I think the takeaway is that we continue to run the business focused on high returns, but margins are holding up; and we're pleased to reiterate the guidance that we started the year with.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah. Matthew, this is Richard. Primarily that's field resources to get home some production field managers or superintendents that manage our business. We had a very large increase in homes under production, 41%; and that takes incremental people to help manage the process. So most of it was related to construction resources to get those homes into production for deliveries later this year. And geography agnostic. We've had a fairly significant ramp-up in land spend in the last few years. And as we've indicated, 2016 would be a pivot year for volume for the company and you're beginning to see that come through the system; and that's what those dollars are for.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Ivy, this is Richard. I'll take that one. We are not. We're seeing good activity in the higher price points around the system. Again, we have a modest number of really high price point homes, $600,000, $700,000, $800,000, relative to our ASPs in the mid-to-high $300,000s overall, but we're seeing good demand. And most of that for us is in Northern California, some in D.C., excuse me, some of the higher-priced markets in general. But overall, so far so good in that area.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And, Paul, just to add to that, remember, Houston is roughly 4% or 5% of our total company volume. So when you add it collectively, obviously we're paying attention to it, but we're not too concerned about it. And we do still have seven months, eight months to watch that for the year.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: I'll speak to the first part of that and maybe ask Bob to comment a little bit more. From an overall absorption perspective, we're definitely going to get a conversion rate improvement as we go through the year, as you might expect, with all the homes in production that will be flowing through. There is also, however, a little bit of a total dollar improvement. Maybe Bob can speak to that.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And, Will, just to be clear, I'm not sure I heard you correct at the end of your question there, but we are not changing our gross margin expectations. We're reiterating them in the same range. So just to be clear.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah. Will, this is Richard. I'll take that. Certainly, spec count is definitely helpful to us. We've also paid a lot of attention to the overall labor market in total when we saw some of the disruption last year, and have done our best to add incremental vendors where we could overall. So we're pleased with the progress we've made. And just to be clear, Bob mentioned this earlier on the answer to a question, we expect improvement relative to prior year conversion rates, but not back to old historical levels; and that's primarily due to the fact that our cycle times are extended. We indicated on one of our calls last year that they were up eight days or nine days in total, and we're still seeing that. So we've improved our processes overall, but we're not expecting to get back to historical ranges even though we will be improving relative to prior year.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And, Ken, this is Richard. I would just add I think what you should take away is that the investments we've made the past four or five years are at really nice margins. We're very pleased with that. And that even though it will be declining as a percentage of total production, the legacy lots will continue to be a tailwind for margins going forward. Those are the two key points we're trying to drive here.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah. Mike, this is Richard. The majority of it is the continued mix shift that we've had in the business. ASPs are rising strongly because of our investments over the past couple of years with mix shift. We are also getting some benefit out of the Wieland business integrating into our backlog which raises our ASP some. But the vast majority of it's from our core business continuing to move higher. So, as you note, our ASP in backlog is over $380,000 now. And as Bob indicated, we'll be delivering into that number slowly and steadily through this year and into next.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Yeah. This is Richard again. No, and this is one of the reasons we don't love community count as a metric. We've explained this before. You might have a handful of legacy communities that had one or two sales that drifted from Q4 into Q1, and those get counted as a new – or excuse me, a community in our convention. So no, there's no significant impact on either ASPs or anything else related to the few closeout communities that we had some activity in, in Q1.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: I don't know if we have that at the tip of our tongue. We could certainly work on that and potentially get back to you. I think it's...
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: Buck, this is Richard. The board plans to undertake a thorough review, as we talked about in our public disclosures. Sometimes CEO searches can be lengthy. So it's certainly expected that I'm going to fill out my announced term through May of 2017, but we'll keep you focused as that develops. And I think the board's been real clear that they're going to take a deliberate process here, and they intend to follow it.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: There's nothing in our SG&A guidance related to expected retirement, I can tell you that. And I'll just reiterate that the board has a special committee of independent directors that they formed to look for my successor. And I just want to ensure every investor until the day I walk out of here, our entire team is focused on continuing to successfully execute value creation. And our board has a really good process underway; and you can expect that will be revealed over time.
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.: And, Mark, this is Richard. To add to something Bob said earlier, there's not a big block of legacy lots that are sitting and waiting to be sold off. There are a lot of positions that are primarily Del Webb that have eight years, 10 years, 12 years of life left that will be worked through at a reasonable pace over the next eight years, 10 years, 12 years that will continue to impact in a positive way, as you can see, margins going forward. But there's not going to be a big slog (57:15) coming through at any one time. To Bob's point, we've been very deliberate with regard to the way we're managing those assets; and we've done a nice job with.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Hey, John. It's Ryan. We actually saw the Houston market recover probably better than expected the further that we moved through the quarter. The lower price points certainly performed better and we saw a little bit of slowness in the higher end price points in Houston.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Hey, Paul. This is Ryan. Yeah, we've seen a little bit of traffic slowdown at our Del Webb communities, which we think is directly related to the market volatility. We saw that lessen as we move through the quarter and some of the market volatility started to come back into normal ranges. We're quite pleased with what we're seeing out of our Del Webb markets right now.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Yeah. Great question. Houston's obviously dealing with some weather challenges right now. We haven't gotten a full assessment of the extent of the damage. Many of the communities are still underwater and having to struggle getting out of their homes. We don't expect it to have much of an impact at all on our Q2, probably it's fairly a small impact as we move into Q3.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Hey, Ken. This is Ryan. We've actually seen exceptional strength in our Northern California market, and it's really reflective of the wonderful investments that we've made. Really focused on the core employment areas in the East and South Bay. We've got a lot of infill opportunities in infill communities that we've invested in; and we're seeing excellent demand that is being driven by what's been a strong labor market, as well as very tight supply. So we're obviously watching some of the things that are going on in the technology sector, but we've stayed away from some of the outer locations. As you move further away from the Bay Area, we think those are some of the areas that will obviously be hit first if the labor market there tightens.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Nishu, this is Ryan. We've seen stability in the labor market. Certainly, labor supply is tight. It has been, and we expect that it will continue to be tight as we move through the year. We have not seen a huge influx of new labor come into the industry. And we're going to continue to run our business much like we have in the past; and we don't expect a significant change. So it's going to be stable.
Ryan R. Marshall - President: Well, certainly we've seen labor rates up. We've talked about that. We've seen input costs, commodity costs generally down or favorable; not necessarily down, but favorable, so not increasing. And obviously we are seeking to maximize price across the buying spectrum in all cases. And so, we have seen price appreciation. I would suggest it was certainly enough to cover the incremental input costs.
