Richard J. Dugas: David, great question. I think the first part to that answer has to do with the fact that we are not emphasizing growth as much as we are improvement in margins, SG&A and turns. Around the company, for the past 12 to 18 months, that's been the mantra, so we are purposely kind of out-sizing our focus there. Secondly, I'll tell you through a deep dive analysis that we've done, we realized that there's a lot of opportunity in the operational area, and we've got a good fact base around how to improve it, and that's widespread understood throughout the company today. So I think for us going forward, it's going to be more about continuing to emphasize that versus chasing units for unit's sake, and I think you'll continue to see that reflected in our results. And as we indicated, we expect further operational gains from here based on what we can see in backlog.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I'll offer a couple of comments, and then Bob can comment as well. Clearly, there is a shift in focus for us the past 12 to 18 months to return on invested capital being the metric that we are attempting to drive higher. That means that we are being more judicious with land allocation. We're doing our best to work down some of the outsized land positions where we don't need that because it's dragging returns. And I think we've demonstrated over the past year that debt reduction is important to us. So whether you call that shareholder-friendly or not, I would, overall, but with that, I guess I'll offer it to Bob to comment, too.
Richard J. Dugas: David I think if I could just offer one other final comment. I think in the past, we would have been rightly characterized as land-heavy. We want to be much more balanced going forward.
Richard J. Dugas: I would indicate a slightly leading indicator. The biggest driver of what's happening in Phoenix, Dennis, which is somewhat amazing, is reduced inventory. Inventory levels in that market, as we indicated a year ago, were still high, headed down. Today, I would say they're abnormally low. Investors have clearly bought a tremendous amount of property and are renting them out, which is providing our buyers limited choice. I think you are going to continue to see that in other markets as well. I saw a report that Denver is experiencing the same kind of thing as a couple of other markets. So I do think Phoenix is ahead of the curve in that regard, but by no means, in my opinion, is it the only market that you're likely to see that.
Richard J. Dugas: So I'll answer the second piece and then turn it over to Bob or Mike for maybe a more detail on the quarter. We are not seeing a difference -- well, we're not seeing a preference for buyers to buy spec, if you will. We are seeing a significant willingness for buyers to go to the pre-sale market. I guess what I'm trying to say here, Dennis, is I don't think we're costing ourselves any sales by focusing this way. What's really nice about the efforts to reduce finished spec is that it's enhancing our margin opportunities. So not only is it working to generate cash, which is one of our key drivers in the company, it's also enhancing our margins. And I would say that the results you see in Q1 are still from a relatively spec-heavy environment, and that is headed lower from here. So with that, I don't know, Bob, if you have any details.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Steve, we are attempting to push price in a number of markets around the country. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves to say that it's widespread yet, but the beginnings of it are here. We are facing some resistance with appraisals in a couple of markets, but clearly, there's been a pickup in, say, the last 3 or 4 months in terms of our ability to get price in some communities around the country vis-a-vis where we were 3 or 4 months ago. So we're cautiously optimistic. I'll also point out that in our case, particular, we're focused on premiums, options, reduced incentives, all of the above, to drive margin. And candidly, it's working for us. We can see it in our backlog. So we feel good about that, but in terms of just base price increases, beginnings of it are starting. So I would kind of agree with you.
Richard J. Dugas: I wouldn't want to quantify a specific number. What I would say is we've been working for several quarters on premiums, options and discounts and with some relative success. What's a little more recent is pure base price increases to add to that mix. So again, without trying to peg a particular number, the general trend is positive.
Richard J. Dugas: Mike, I would say generally, things got better through the quarter overall, and we've seen a continuation of positive trends into April. So I don't want to provide any more specificity than that, but the run rate got better as we got through the quarter.
Richard J. Dugas: Dan, it's Richard. It is. One of the things that we've targeted is a monthly payment that's equivalent to or even less than rental, and this is a very affordable product line that we're piling in, in a couple of markets, along with some additional things that we've done from our retail environment on the Centex side. We've got open in about 40 Centex communities around the country, all designed to generate better returns in that business overall. So yes, it's targeted to compete with rental.
Richard J. Dugas: No, Dan. This is a continuation of some of the thinking that we have found from, frankly, diving a little deeper into consumer sentiment, where our base house was configured too high in many instances. What I mean is we were offering too much standard in our home. So part of our process here with this new product line is to have a lower level of specification for the base home and then allowing the consumer to option up where they would like to. The benefits of that are twofold as we're finding. Number one, we're attracting more people to that lower entry-level price point. And second, we're making more money on the total sale because the buyers that are willing to option up, we're getting a premium price for the options there. And while that's nothing new, I think we've indicated before we were probably behind in recognizing that and are catching up now.
Richard J. Dugas: So Josh, let's deal with them into 2 buckets. The reengineered, re-contented component has to do primarily with home construction, home design, specifications, et cetera. And then the repriced is bucket 2. In bucket 1, it's been a relatively small percentage of homes that have flown through the income statement so far that have had that action because of the time it takes for us to go through that. And we should start seeing more benefit from those actions as we get through the year here. In terms of the repriced component, that's a much quicker and easier area to attack and a larger percentage of our business there. Again, to Stephen Kim's question, I don't have an exact number for you there, but anecdotally, we've accomplished more on the pricing side in the near-term with a lot of the benefits from reengineering, redesign, re-contenting yet to come for the company overall. With regards to what percentage of our business we can apply this to, I think what we're referring to earlier is that in many cases, we were 2/3 or 3/4 of the way through the community, so it didn't make sense to spend the time and expense to go through that process. Aside from that, as those communities finish up their life, there's no reason we can't attack all of our product lines with this process, which is certainly our intention over the coming years. It's going to take time for all of that to roll through, but I think like you've seen, a slow and steady progress is our goal.
Richard J. Dugas: Sure. So Del Webb is staying relatively consistent, Steve, in the large communities with lots of runway ahead of us there. So not much movement in Del Webb. What you're seeing now is a shift from Centex into Pulte, purposeful shift in that regard over the past number of quarters as we found better return opportunities in land transactions for the move-up buyer, which is served by the Pulte brand overall. And that's what's driving it. Obviously, we want our operators to invest where they have the best return opportunities. Having said that, both the Centex and the Pulte brands, the buyer categories, are performing well in the marketplace in terms of absorption category. So as mentioned, we have a bit of a renewed vigor toward breathing better returns into the Centex business through some of these re-engineered and redone value product that we're coming out with overall. But that's what's driving the shift overall.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, so I'll give you a bit of a top line, and then I'll ask Bob to comment. We've got excess land, to put it simply, overall. And our goal is to kind of reduce the bucket of land that is far out in the future that we're not going to get to for a long time and use some of those dollars, if possible, to either pay down debt or where we reinvest in land assets to ensure that those are on a return-friendly basis. That means getting, frankly, more disciplined about the way we invest. And I mentioned earlier we were long land, and we're known for being long land. We want to be more balanced going forward. And so the result of that happens to be community count declines. I will tell you we are not as driven as I think the outside world is by the pure metric of community count, given the fact that community count is so variable and particularly, for us, with Del Webb, not as meaningful. As you've seen, we were able to drive very nice top line growth and will get our fair share of revenue improvement with the macro environment improving. So we are not "worried" about community count declines. We're actually pleased with it because it's continuing to demonstrate the improvement, I believe, in returns as evidenced by cash flow and Q1 being positive, where we typically would consume cash in Q1. So a little bit long-winded there. Sorry, Bob.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I think we had guided at 5% to 10% down for the year, which we continue to believe will happen. I think if you look at the historical cadence of our community counts, we are stronger in the beginning of the year as we open communities to prepare for the selling season. I think you saw that happen this year again, we opened 40-plus communities. So again, our view is that through the end of the year, we'll still see that 5% decline.
Richard J. Dugas: Nishu, it's a great question, and we certainly have analyzed this in great detail. Keep in mind we are a very long land company, and when you look at our results kind of beneath the covers, if you will, in Q1, while we had 15% growth in sign-ups, it was on a reduction in community count that kind of implies a 20-plus percent improvement in overall demand. So we are participating in the recovery, and I would argue that as the active adult buyer gets more and more comfortable, that could provide even more leverage for us. So while you're not directionally wrong and yes, we would expect to participate fully in any kind of recovery in the sector overall, the reality is we don't have to reinvest as much as many peers do in order to provide that, which, I think, spells very good things for improvements in return overall.  Now if we continue to see the market look better, you can expect us to invest in the business. We definitely are not intending to starve the business by any way, shape or form. We're just becoming much more disciplined with how we allocate capital because, frankly, we were not as disciplined in the past as we needed to be.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Adam, I certainly -- this is Richard. I don't think it means anything for the next number of years. We are, shall I say, fully invested in Del Webb. We're actually in a good position because -- save 1 or 2 acquisition opportunities that we've taken advantage of in the last year. So we have Del Webb communities open, operational, full amenities in, lots on the ground in all of the major or almost all of the major metro markets we want them. So it's a harvest mode for Del Webb for several years before we're faced with really significant reinvestment challenge. Having said that, we'll face that as we get to it. I suspect you will see continued investment in Del Webb in the moderate-size communities, like we've demonstrated real success in 1,000, 1,500 lots, with some select larger investments in the destination locations. So probably not a great deal of change because if you step back, big picture, Adam, we invested heavily in Del Webb through '06, '07 time frames and we're where we need to be now for quite a while. For now, it's more of a harvest and maintenance mode for a while.
Richard J. Dugas: The preponderance of it, candidly, is compensation-related. A couple of things influence that. We've got some equities-related compensation. The stock price is up, so we think that the costs will be up. Given the elevated sales environment, our expectation is that earnings will be higher for the people under their compensation plan, so we've reflected that. We also made a conscious decision to reinstitute the 401(k) match that had been actually eliminated back in the heights of the downturn. That's almost $8 million of incremental cost. So again, most of it is really compensation-related and business-related.
Richard J. Dugas: Joe, I'm sorry, we don't have great detail on that. It's just an overall reflection that as inventory levels reduce, the buyers are left with either choice for better resales or new homes, and we're getting a little pickup from that.
Richard J. Dugas: I think too early to really tell if there's any significant change there. We certainly don't expect it. 2/3 of our business is either active adult or move-up, with a large percentage on the active adult side of cash. So, Joel, we're not expecting a big impact from that, but no detail on that yet.
Richard J. Dugas: Ken, it's less a comment on our legacy lot position, except for the fact, as Bob indicated, that we had a lot of Centex properties that were smaller in duration. So that's part of it. But the big part of it is the land acquisition strategy of 12 and 6 months ago that's reflecting in a larger percentage of move-up sales today.
Richard J. Dugas: Alex, this is Richard. I think we've indicated before, given the depth of the downturn and the difficulties the whole industry has experienced, we expect the pace to rise before price. Having said that, you're beginning to see both in select markets today. So I think it's fair to say that the first few months of better activity in any city, you let the pace run more, which, of course, is excellent leverage for us. Now you're getting to the point in a few cities, and I don't want to imply it is all, but in a few cities where you're actually able to do both. You're able to work on some pricing as well as pace. So I think pace before price, but they do go together to some degree. And we've seen this movie before in this industry. I'm sorry, in terms of your question about selling to investors, we prefer not to do that.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, we are on the cost of labor. We'll get to land in just a second. Cost of labor, we assumed some increase in our forecast for the year. We're seeing that play out in a couple of categories. I would say, within expectations, however, for the vast majority of our markets. A couple of markets that are beginning to really heat up a la Phoenix we are seeing more broad-based pressure. Thus far, we believe we've been able to outstrip that with what we're working on the pricing side. In terms of cost of land, overall, not as big a factor yet. We're being very disciplined as we indicated with regard to our capital allocation. So I wouldn't have a whole lot of commentary there about increased land prices. That certainly can and should be expected over time, though.
Richard J. Dugas: We've got a new retail environment in place, as I mentioned, in 40 communities already, with plans to expand it to all the Centex communities relatively soon all out this year. With regard to the new product introduction, we want to see the results of that for a few months before we're ready to kind of go widespread with that. We have plenty of Centex land on our balance sheet to use those lots in. And assuming that this plays out as we anticipate, you can expect us to be acquiring more Centex-focused lots in the future for that buyer category. Roughly, today, we've got about 250 Centex communities. So that's an awful lot of communities to be able to enjoy the benefit from, provided it works out the way we anticipate.
Richard J. Dugas: We haven't given any commentary on April. The volatility, I wish I could answer that more intelligently, but it is just what we get. I've heard anecdotal conversations where people say it's the banks and the GSEs getting through their book, that they're trying to get things resolved to have better control over their processes and data. I don't know. It's not "We've got the following questions. We'd like you to take a look at these loans." And that's been consistent since I've got here, and I think everybody will tell you even before that.
Richard J. Dugas: Susan, it's Richard. If you asked the second question 6 months ago, we have been relatively bleak with regard to our outlook. Inventory levels are coming down, however, and it's kind of looking like the movie that we're seeing playing out in Arizona maybe 12 or 18 months behind. So I don't have anything definitive to tell you other than that we're watching it closely. We've made an awful lot of money in that market over the years. We've lost an awful lot of money in that market in recent years as has everybody else. So we're paying attention, and one thing I do know is that supply and demand work together to make things attractive or unattractive in this industry. And to your point, inventory levels are coming down. So we are hearing first few bits of a little bit better sales environment there, certainly nowhere near like we're seeing in other markets, but we'll see what happens. So I don't have a better answer than that for you, though.
Richard J. Dugas: The reserve at the end of the quarter is about $123 million, so it's just down due to the settlement during the quarter.
Richard J. Dugas: Mike, we think we've got further opportunity over a period of time. If you remember, margins can be volatile quarter-to-quarter based on mix and what comes through the sold versus spec in the quarter. So I would just leave it as we expect further gains from here.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Steve -- or excuse me, Mike, all I continue to say is we expect further gains from here. And frankly, mix in a given quarter, cancellations in a given quarter can expect it. So I would not expect kind of a perfectly linear climb in margins, but our margins in backlog indicate that we can go higher from what we just reported. I'll leave it at that.
Richard J. Dugas: And the other thing I'll add to that, I mean, Bob is talking about per year. You are going to see some volatility on a quarter-to-quarter basis just given some of the anomalies with the way model works as we get to this normalized cap interest number. So part of what you're seeing is just a little bit of that over time. But as Bob mentioned, we're trying to give you guys the guidance on a total year basis, if you will.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: I agree with everything Richard said. The cash generation will, in the near term, be used for debt reduction. I think when you get through that, you have to think about what the market looks like, what level of activity is out there because as we've talked about before, to the extent that there is an actual increase beyond today's relatively low levels of homebuilding, we're going to have to invest money in both land and house. So we'll have to weigh those against the capital structure because I presume you're asking about dividends and stock repurchases. So we would consider all those, but we have to look at what the needs for the business are.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, Dennis, I would suggest it's about 60-40 dirt [ph]versus spec. You have to remember for attached product, we're often going to build the building. We'll start the building before we've sold all the units. So as Richard said, the goal is to become less reliant on spec, but I think you'll always see it as part of the business model, particularly in certain markets with attached.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: I'll deal with [indiscernible] first. We are aware of the filing. It does not, in our view, impact us. It hasn't resulted in any accounting. So when we sold the business, there was a $100 million indemnification, but we haven't heard from anybody on that and candidly don't expect to. As it relates to the accounting for the reserves, generally, we looked at, when we did the accounting in the fourth quarter, we looked at the activity in the back half of last year and projected that out. So the activity we've seen in the first quarter is consistent with that, so our accounting hasn't changed.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: No, I agree. We have had, over the last 18 months, the opportunity to buy a lot more finished lots. They are frequently on takes as opposed to buying the dirt. So I think as we focus on return, if we can get them priced appropriately, a rolling option take is really attractive, obviously. But I think you've heard us and others talk about that there may be a shortage of those lots going forward. We're going to have to build the portfolio over time, where we will have to look at developing lots. But even in the first quarter, the lots we put under control, more than 70% of those are option deals. So we're still finding the opportunity to put those together.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, I think we walked through the closing, so it's 39% Pulte, 35% Centex. Last year, that would have been 31% Pulte, 40% Centex. A couple of things driving that. One, there were smaller relatively Centex communities that came with the Centex acquisition. A lot of those have closed out. And over time, what we have seen is that the investment we've been making has been more geared towards the move-up buyer because, as Richard described, our ability to drive return on those has been higher. Oftentimes, you need more volume through a community, more pace in order to make that first-time buyer return well. And so the good news is that we've actually seen pace increase across the Centex and Pulte brands this year relative to last year. So again, what we're seeing is -- in the current environment, we just see returns higher on the move-up communities.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: The only thing I'd add, on a volatility perspective, you're talking about a relatively small population of put back in a month-to-month basis, so a change of 10 can look volatile.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: We're not a party to that lawsuit. And so the question would be would the folks that bought the check business think that we have liability with respect to that. Time has passed, and so we just don't expect that to be in their conclusion.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: We have $355 million or $360 million of cumulative capitalized interest, and so what you're seeing is that we are expensing more than we're paying. We had indicated last year that we thought we would go from roughly $185 million to about $220 million in expense. Our cash paid for this year is about $205 million, we think. So going forward, I think you'll see that the bleed off of the amortization, it will take a while for the reduction in cash paid to catch up to the income statement. I wouldn't want to give predictions on the future only because the capital structure may change. There are a lot of things that influence that. But again, through the balance of this year, you'll see expense outweigh cash cost. Obviously, that will turn over time.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: There's a specific amount of capitalized interest to each parcel of land. And to Mike's point, how that sells out lot by lot if we're producing can influence the flow of the expense on a quarterly basis, but for the land that we're selling, there's a discrete amount of capitalized interest that we write off when we sell the land.
