Ryan Marshall: The more challenging demand conditions that developed in the quarter have continued through the month of July as the significant increase in mortgage rates has impacted consumers throughout the country. While all consumers are impacted by higher rates, we are seeing differences across our markets. Lower priced markets in places like Florida, Texas, and the Southeast areas of ongoing high end migration are holding up better. Higher priced markets are those which have realized outsized price appreciation in recent years have incurred a more meaningful slowdown and demand. In tech hubs like Austin or in our Western markets in California and Washington were prices routinely approach or exceed a million dollars. Sales bases have slowed as buyers struggle with the combination of elevated prices and increased mortgage rates. Housing is clearly in the sights of the Federal Reserve and its fight against inflation that the Fed desires depending upon the community. Home price appreciation has slowed, stopped or through the use of incentives is taking a couple of steps back. Through much of the second quarter, incentives were mostly tied to the mortgage, but this is now expanding to include discounts and options and lot premiums. In the end these are variations on a path toward lower price, which is what the Fed needs to see as it assesses when they have moved rates high enough. While we are still early in this process, we are starting to see some impact on the cost side commodities like lumber, copper, and aluminum have rollover. The fallen lumber prices alone could save us upwards of $10,000 per home beginning in 2023. And while land prices are notoriously slow to adjust, deals are getting cancelled and/or renegotiated. We walked away from a handful of deals in the second quarter. And as mentioned earlier, we are reassessing all of the land transactions we currently have under control, given ongoing changes in housing demand dynamics. We remain constructive on the long-term outlook for housing demand. But right now, higher mortgage rates were having an impact. We have to work harder to sell homes. We have to be more nimble in the market to make sure we have the right product available. We have to be responsive to changes in the competitive landscape. This is how homebuilding typically operates. And I am extremely confident in PulteGroup's ability to compete. I would highlight that we operate from a position of strength with an outstanding balance sheet, a strong land pipeline, unmatched product quality, and most importantly, experienced and talented people throughout our organization. So let me end by thanking our entire team for their hard work and commitment.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Matt. Good morning, it's Ryan. The biggest thing I'd highlight here is the availability of quick move in homes in the first-time buyer segment, what we've seen with all buyers is that there's a real preference toward having a home that can deliver in the near-term. I think the uncertainty around supply chain delays and some of those things have certainly proved to be more predictable and better. But the biggest thing is just this the certainty of being able to lock in the interest rate without a whole bunch of incremental rate lock points, and then they've been able to use incentives to buy down the current rate to something that they can make work from a overall affordability standpoint. So I think that's the biggest difference. As we highlighted in some of our prepared remarks, each of the buyer segments or the consumer groups we target have been impacted in the current environment for different reasons. But it's really the availability and quick movements that allowed the first-time segment to outperform.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, so it's a good question. Let me maybe start first with the incentive load that we saw with signups. And this is actually new contracts that we wrote in the second quarter. They were in the range of about 2%, which is still below probably what we would consider to be a normal range of 2% to 3% if you went back to pre-COVID timeframes, and that includes all incentives. So incentives on options, mortgage rate type incentives, financing incentives, et cetera. It gets a little harder to quantify the change in lot premiums, because we're always repricing and always re-leasing new lot option or a lot premium pricing as we release new phases. So that becomes a little bit more subjective. But what we highlighted is accurate. We are starting to see not only in our own business, but in the competitive set, some additional incentives that are starting to go beyond just financing related incentives.
Ryan Marshall: Truman, good morning, we're right on target with our kind of five year run of 7,500 units in terms of kind of moving through that in a very programmatic way. So we feel very good about how the partnership is working and the progress that we're making. We've not changed any targets to this point. And candidly based on our performance and discussions with our partner, if anything, I would tell you maybe the appetite could potentially slightly increase as we go into maybe some choppier time. So, no updates from us yet. We like the way the partnership is working, and we plan to continue kind of moving down the path.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen, good morning. There was a lot there. So let me see if I can unpack it one at a time, in terms of our competition, we've actually seen competition pull back slightly in terms of the amount of inventory production that they're putting into the market. And that's specifically for some of our competitors that I think are predominantly spec builders. We haven't seen anything that's been irrational, or widespread, irrational disruptive type behavior, when it comes to incentive, or price drops or things of that nature. Of course, there's the anecdotal builder in a specific market, in a specific submarket that might have a unique or particular challenge that they're working against, but we haven't seen anything that that we would highlight at a national level. In terms of the choices and the opportunities that buyers have, I think it's still the market to find homes that are in the right place at the right price, with the timing that matches up to what buyers want. And more than anything, Stephen, what we've tried to kind of highlight. And Bob and I were just out in the market a couple of weeks ago and we were in multiple sales offices in multiple different cities over the course of two or three days. And spec inventory is definitely preferred. And I think it's all about the financial certainty that a buyer can get by being able to lock in the rate without paying a whole bunch of extra discount points, which you have to pay for a longer-term rate lock, or they're able to take the current market rate and put some incentive dollars against that and buy it down, or do a five year arm or a seven year arm or something of that nature. So I think, what we're seeing with buyers, if they can find the home that meets their needs, and they're able to get certainty around the financing. We're seeing buyers move forward. As part of the reason that we highlighted in our prepared remarks that buyers are remaining engaged in the process. We've been very successful in getting our backlog across the finish line for the most part. As we've looked at the reason for cancellations, they're vary like they always have been. There's not surprisingly been a disproportionate change in financing. So we're still able to get buyers across the finish line and qualified in the cases where buyers are canceling. We've been successful in getting those homes resold pretty quickly. So it's a choppy market out there, Stephen. I think we're doing some really nice things, we continue to emphasize quality of the homes that we're building and customer service, buying land in the right locations. And I think over the long-term in a broad housing environment that we're very constructive on. We think over the next year two, three years, we've positioned ourselves to be very successful with our overall strategy.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, I think we're going to stick with our previous kind of practice and not get into the monthly detail. I will tell you that we did see a decline as we move through the quarter. April, was still relatively strong, May slowed, and then June slowed again, specifically, after the 75 basis point increase that we saw from the Fed last month. We saw a big change in June. And then that's really kind of continued through July. We have seen an uptick in cans, as we've moved kind of through the period as well. I think, again, all kind of related and tied to the kind of buyer's remorse and the fear of maybe potentially buying at the top of the market, as we potentially go into a recessionary type environment. I think that's weighed heavily on buyers. So we're still, I'll just, I'll leave it at that Mike.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan, the pace of spec starts has been dialed back from where we were in the first part of the year, no question, because we've seen -- we've seen demand subside or pullback for to be built, as well as specs. But on a relative basis, there is more ability to get buyers across the finish line, when we've got homes that are within kind of a 30 to 90 day delivery window. So, proportionately we're starting more specs relative to sales compared to historical norms. That's a mouthful there. So on an absolute basis, it's less across the board. On a relative basis, we're doing more specs compared to dirt sales, when you think about historical norms. So, Alan, I think the best way I can describe is we got one foot on the gas and we got one foot on the brake. We are managing this very aggressively. We want to have inventory that is available. The last thing we want to do is put ourselves into the penalty box by having too many finished stocks.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, it's interesting. Alan, the reality is that most of the cancellations are pretty fresh, right. It's usually in the first 30 or 60 days, where either somebody can't get financing or has buyer remorse. And if you look at the body of cancellations that we had in this quarter, we didn't see a big up tick in the number that were financing related, it was more buyer remorse. And so we haven't seen a big change in the margin profile for the folks that were in the backlog for a long time. So they may have signed their contract late in 2021. Honestly, let's say, they just can't get financing for whatever reason. When we're reselling those homes, we actually see higher prices. And again, that's not the majority, because most of the churn is earlier in the backlog. So not a huge differential, because pricing hasn't moved that much in the 30, 60 days since people signed the contract.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, it probably a little bit of a dead cat bounce, John, I think it was really tough following the last Fed meeting. I think we saw the consumer react quickly. And then as I think the consumer has come to terms with that, as well as we've seen rates actually come down. I think there's been a positive trend in our sales offices. So there's a lot out there as I think we've said, both financially and psychologically, and I think that consumers trying to deal with all those things.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, it's not just the first time buyer, will be starting specs across the spectrum. And in terms of pivoting back, it can be quickly that is a decision as, it's really just how many homes we want to start and how much demand there is. So if there is a leveling out of the market, such that demand is pretty consistent, we can pivot back particularly for that move up an active adult buyer, where we think the real value of the build-to-order model is very quickly.
Ryan Marshall: Hey, Mike, I think it's too soon for that, honestly. We've obviously given a Q3 margin guide and a full-year margin guide. We've got a big backlog. And so we've got good visibility and what that margin profile looks like. And then we've certainly made an estimate on the specs that that will sell and close between now and the end of the year, but we'll give our 2023 margin guide later in the year.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, I think that's right. We're at 30% today. So we're at the high side of what our historical ranges, you'll probably see us push a little bit behind that, but beyond that, but it's not as if, we're going to go to 70% spec production. So I think you'll see us predominantly stay a build-to-order builder that's what we believe that's the right way to run a home builder for us, based on the consumers that we target and the way we do communities, but yes, you're going to see a stretch a little beyond maybe what our normal range is. Bob highlighted that by design. We normally have more specs in our Centex communities, which are targeted to the first time buyer. You'll see us put more spec inventory than what we normally do into our move up in our active adult communities. But on a -- it'll be a little bit more than normal.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, so I think as Bob highlighted, the uptick that we've seen in cancellations has really been in the last 30 to 60 days. And the probably the leading drivers than buyers are more. So I think a big part of that comes from buyers that were caught. They made it a buying decision during the run up and interest rates and as interest rates and talk of recession have increased, their buyer's remorse has also increased or their fears increased with it. So I think as we get to stability and predictability, we'll likely see, we should see that drop. And our expectation would be that cancellation rates ought to more come into a normal range.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, obviously, we are dealing with the same kind of challenges everybody else's. So it takes things a little bit longer to get open. What we tell you is that close out the impact isn't that great of stuff that didn't close that we thought was going to. So this is pretty much where we thought would be and reflective of as challenging market to get things open.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes Truman, it's a fair question. In terms of strategically, no, we are not changing where we have been for what is essentially a decade now. We still desire optionality, we still start with individual sellers. What we've offered is that in order to get from where we are today 54% in this most recent print to 65% and 70%, we're likely to be looking at more institutional type relationships. That process is underway, we'll give you updates as we make as transactions occur there, we still think that we can move up from 55% into that 65% to 70% range, take a little bit of time. But in terms of how we're approaching it, not at all, in terms of your question, as it relates to our current attitude and negotiating stance, we've said in the prepared remarks, we've always been, I believe pretty disciplined in how we evaluate our land position and negotiate transactions. That hasn't changed and maybe it's even been heightened. We are taking a close look at everything we are closing on. So as an example, if we put a contract, a parcel under control 18 months ago, that was waiting final entitlements, before we take that down, we are revisiting the underwriting that we had when we approve the transaction to make sure that the absorptions and the pricing and our cost structure because vertical construction costs are up, horizontal development costs are up. So we're looking at it holistically does this transaction makes sense? I will tell you, we have walked away from a couple of transactions where for a number of reasons we just didn't think it made sense whether it was locational or economic, we are also trying to make sure that the timing of takedowns makes sense. And so we have had discussions with sellers that said, hey, our original takedown structure was A, B, and C, and we'd like it to be A, D and E now. I think the sellers, I haven't seen a change in value propositions out there. But the ability to work with time is something that does, and we have taken into account. So long story short, hopefully this is really just continuing to be disciplined in the land buying process. And in a choppy market, yes, you're going to see time become more important to us and in some cases, dollars. So we'll proceed further.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, it's interesting, if you look at our ASP in the most recent print, were up 19% the highest kind of growth of ASP is in the first time space, which was up 24% move up and active adult were up about 20%. And so the 19% growth for the company is mix adjusted, right? If you look at our backlog, what we've seen is to answer your question, pricing up across all three. So our backlog ASPs are higher for all three of our key demographics first time move up and activate bill.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: And interestingly, the highest increase on a relative basis among those is the move up. Now mix matters and all that, but that move up buyer space is probably the biggest contributor to that increase.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: No, maybe the only thing I'd add, if you look at our owned lot position, we own 113,000 lots three months ago, that was 112,000. So despite the investments that we've made in the current quarter as an example, it's not like we're bulking up the owned position. To Ryan's point, we've got flexibility with the option, if you look at our quarterly growth in the balance sheet as an example, we put a lot of money on the balance sheet in this quarter, the majority of that was house, which is going to be quick turning for us. So we put $800 plus million into inventory in the quarter, which is reflective of that $1.1 billion that we spent on land and development. But again, a lot of that is house and it's the cycle time extension that we've talked about. And so we'll get that money back pretty quickly. So hear you loud and clear. We have the ability to influence what our owned lot position looks like, based on the strength of the book we have today.
