Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Mike, it's Richard. Thanks for your comments. Here's what I would say, in the first quarter, the strength was primarily Florida, mid-Atlantic, Arizona, et cetera. I think in Q2, it accelerated to more of the rest of the country. Our North areas, we've been putting some additional investment in place, which has helped, Michigan as an example. Believe it or not, even though we don't have a huge investment in Michigan, it's really been a source of strength for us, so that helped in that market. The Southeast, gosh, all I can say is steady as she goes with continued improvement in most markets. Florida continues to be excellent and you didn't mention the Southwest, which is probably our strongest market in terms of overall demand level. So we're very pleased with what we've seen through the quarter, handily beating our expectations.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Mike, I don't think I'll comment on a specific number. But here's what I will tell you, with regard to pricing, we have had a pricing initiative in place for some time that's helped us on options as well as lot premiums to capture frankly more price, if you will, in a different sense through those areas. We have seen that, but we've also seen an acceleration in our ability to raise base price in more markets than we certainly were earlier in the year. You may have noted in the commentary we purposely slowed sales in some of our markets and frankly, when doing that, we're partly doing that with price and still pleased with the results we're getting. So I wouldn't put a specific number on it, but I would say it varied across the company, depending on which market you're in, but the general trend is very positive for pricing.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, I'll start, Steven, it's Richard, and then throw it to Bob for some commentary maybe on cost. In terms of the value engineering work that we're doing, the 10% commentary was to try to get everyone sensitized to the fact that as we redo our floor plans, it takes some time. Obviously, you have to get that done and you have to get those homes sold. We typically have homes in backlog anywhere from 3 to 8 or 9 months. So by the time the closings come through, the 10% number is only going to go up from here. So our point there was we got more good news where that's coming from. The differential in terms of margins from that can be substantial, and that's part of what we're seeing in terms of our margin growth and even though it's a small percentage today of that stream of work. A comment on cash flow, we typically are not cash flow positive in Q1 and Q2, but that was before we got a lot more disciplined with regard to our capital allocation. And I'll just point to everyone on the call that not only do we feel great about our cash flow, we also feel good about the business environment, and we're going to invest a little over $100 million incrementally in the business this year versus what we're planning as a result of what we're seeing in the business, while still maintaining positive cash flow and our ability to delever. So we feel extremely good about that. Bob, he had a question, I think, on cost a little bit.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Dan, this is Richard. Frankly, we've done a tremendous amount of research recently, and I would tell you our insight into consumer wants is significantly enhanced from where it was even just a year ago. What we're finding is that the buyer wants the ability to personalize their home, and our previous practices of a few years ago where we're loading up a home with a lot of things was not necessarily what the buyers want. Some people want a base home and maybe 4 or 5 options. Others want to personalize their home with a lot more. We now also internally have visibility to the actual drivers of gross margin. As an example, we can break out for ourselves what we're selling in options, what we're doing in discounts to a much greater degree than we did before, and we are seeing substantial pickups in many markets from that. It's hard to isolate a given number and give you a particular number, but I can tell you it was a mover of margins in the quarter, and I would tell you it will continue to be as people select these options.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, we obviously have dialogue with these folks all the time. We do business with them. In terms of resolutions of these, I don't think there's anything for us to report at this time.
Richard J. Dugas: Steve, there's a lot loaded in that question. Let me try to break it down a little bit. I think you have to look at the individual communities and the individual markets. As an example, everybody knows we have a lot of inventory on the ground in terms of lots in our Del Webb communities. We would probably be willing to let our Del Webb communities run quite a bit, and potentially a very substantial number of incremental units could be sold there purposely. On the other hand, we have lots of communities, say, for the Pulte brand and even for the Centex brand, where we have limited lot supply. And given our desire to generate cash and delever and selectively reinvest, we would feel on a community like that, it would be a lot smarter to drive price, which is of course what we're doing in some of these overheated situations that I mentioned. I would also point out that the market over all, I would say, is likely to be a little bit labor-constrained as the demand comes back. So from kind of running a smart business in our opinion, it might not be smart to let your backlog run out a year ahead or 15 months ahead. And frankly in a few markets, we could have done that in Q2 and we decided not to. We'd rather take the price. We'd rather take the margin. We're at a 75% presale versus spec mix. We're extremely proud of that and frankly, we think that provides us not only cash flow benefits, but also margin benefits, et cetera. So I'm not trying to dodge your question. It's hard to answer. Do we think business can accelerate and revenue can improve from here? Absolutely. Is that our key goal? No. Our key goal is to drive higher returns and kind of run each community smartly, so I hope that helps.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Steve, we certainly put our fair share in new lots under control and our desire is to take advantage of those market opportunity by investing. And I would tell you, I guess, the general answer to your question is we want to drive the highest ROIC that we can. That's our goal is return on invested capital. So we've got to analyze it community by community. In some situations, it's going to be opening up a new community like you suggested and driving volume. In other situations, it's going to be a real focus on margin. And we've been so, so pleased with our efforts to drive higher margin. We think we have more where that's coming from. I would say our company's bias is going to be more in that direction. I'll just again point you back to the spec comment. We don't have a lot of excess inventory anymore in a given quarter to capture. We're matching production to demand. We like where our backlog is headed overall. So for us, perhaps, not as much of a focus on volume as you might be suggesting, but we're quite confident that we'll continue to drive better results than we have in the past by being more disciplined about how we're running the business versus just the push on volume, which I know was our focus years ago.
Richard J. Dugas: Nishu, part of the confidence is the fact that we're still in a country selling a preposterously low number of loans relative to historical trends. I don't believe for a second people really want to rent the rest of their life. I think they want to own. And so you've got a certain amount of momentum from people that want to get off the fence, and there's a growing sense that pricing has bottomed and that I better get in while the getting's good. I do think that can carry us quite a ways, but our commentary was designed to help say that in order for housing to really take a big leg up from here, we are going to need job growth at some point, and we were kind of pointed in our script commentary around the fact that we believe low levels of inventory is driving the majority of the good results we're seeing. We certainly think that can continue from here. Can housing double or triple from these levels just on the backs of low inventory? My guess is no. It probably needs a stronger economy to come along. So we're just trying to be balanced in our overall outlook there. Having said that, I want to be very clear. We are optimistic about the balance of this year and into next year, if for no other reason, then there's a whole bunch of people that have been sitting on the sidelines that want to get in. I think we can take housing higher from here. The question is how high and gosh, I don't know. I would tell you this, we're more focused on running a good business internally, and are very confident that no matter what the housing market brings, that our operational act is together now.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Nishu, it's Richard again. It is true that most of our recent investment has been into the Pulte brand, and the Centex brand has accounted for a smaller piece. Having said that, we are hard at work at a new product line we're calling the Independent series of homes, which is a very value-based proposition for that entry-level buyer. I can't predict exactly what the percentage is going to be in the future, but it is not our intention to not reinvest in the Centex brand. Said a different a way, we're very bullish on the entry-level buyer over the long run and we've learned a great deal in the last couple of years about that entry-level consumer. And we continue to rollout new communities and new different service offerings, as an example in our mortgage advisor product, as well as a new retail center concept that we're offering for that buyer category that are very exciting over time. It's just going to take a little bit of time for that to show up in results. So over the near term, I think you're going to continue to see a weighting toward the Pulte brand primarily, but we intend to continue to invest in Centex.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Joshua, this is Richard. A couple of things. First of all, I would say that the second quarter, we saw a fairly typical pattern as volumes were slightly lower as we moved through the period, and the selling season wound down. In terms of the balance of the year, of course, I have no idea exactly what's going to happen. But typically, we would sell in the range of 60% to 65% of our overall volume in the first half of the year and the balance in the second half. I see no reason why that normal seasonality will not continue to play out this year. So I would expect overall volumes through the balance of the year to trail down from what we've seen, as I indicated in our comments earlier. However, the first few weeks of July are still above our expectations, which is a positive thing. So I think the overall level of demand for new housing this year is clearly up fairly dramatically from last year, but I do think it will follow a fairly typical seasonal pattern. [Technical Difficulty]
Richard J. Dugas: Ken, I very much appreciate you pointing that out. We thought for quite a long time that the reality of our performance the next number of years was going to largely be driven by the large land bank that we already have, and whatever we're able to reinvest certainly will be good and new investment will help and Mike can give you some community countdown on that in just a moment. But the lion's share of our performance is going to be driven by our existing business and frankly, we're not surprised at what we're seeing because we've been hard at work. Late 2010, we underwent a real deep dive into how to drive value in this business and we felt like we were leaving a lot of margin on the table. So yes, our construction practices, what we call value engineering, our focus on something we call should costing, and don't discount these strategic pricing initiatives I mentioned. We're being much smarter frankly with how we're handling options and lot premiums in addition to whatever we can get from the market momentum in lift of base price. So I -- if I sound bullish for the future, that's why I am, it's because it's driven off of what we already have. So with that, maybe Mike can give some color in terms of the new communities.
Richard J. Dugas: So maybe Mike can give you a little commentary on the definition of new communities, and then I can help with the back piece.
Richard J. Dugas: And so Ken, on your second piece, if I'm hearing it correctly, you're asking about our legacy positions in our -- how we market. In terms of our impairments over the past, we feel like we used the appropriate methodology for that overall. But we've been hard at work outside of what the land is marked to, to improve our results from sticks and bricks and operational side and that's beginning to come through. I don't know, Bob, if you want to add anything there.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I think, what we've seen is actually -- and because of the increase in sales, we're actually closing on transactions sooner, so the next take on an option transaction and development to put homes into production for '13 and '14. So it's actually the increased demand that we're seeing. And in terms of the recent vintage of acquisitions, I would say we are not expecting a decline in margins as a result of that at all. Our underwriting standards are at least the size what we're generating today, but focused on returns as opposed to margin.
Richard J. Dugas: David, we do our best not to factor in price appreciation in our models, and frankly, we've been criticized some in the past for being "conservative" with our land-buying practices maybe relative to some of our peers. We're okay with that to not get out ahead of ourselves. I mean, as I was answering an earlier question, the vast majority of our success or failure in the future is going to be from our legacy position. So I would tell you, I think, we're being smart about how we're buying land. Bob, feel free to comment there.
Richard J. Dugas: A lot of it is the interest rate environment, and it's a very select market. There is not a lot of competition. Pricing is favorable for us today. I don't know if that's sustainable over the long-term as -- if and when capital returns to that business, I think you would see margins contract. But until that happens, I think you'll continue to see this kind of performance.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Dennis, just to be clear, most of that is in the labor side, so I don't think there's much capacity trouble on the material side. But labor is an issue particularly for some of the unskilled trades, where they're just not as many people in the industry perform in that as in the past. I actually think it's a good thing. I think it will keep the market from getting too far out ahead of itself and frankly, plays in our hands cause we're so focused on margin improvement and higher returns today. Listen, work will find its way and money will find its way to where the opportunity is. So I don't expect it to be a big limiting factor over the long run. If business continues like we've seen at the first half of the year for much longer, you'll see other people coming back in. So could it put a temporary lid on how many homes could get built, perhaps, but I do think it would be temporary, Dennis. I don't see that lasting forever.
Richard J. Dugas: I would say people are fully bought in today and it has taken some time overall, but nothing like results to get everybody excited. Frankly, the whole company's excited. This is our best financial performance in years, and we're doing a few high-fives internally and that generates momentum. So if anything, I think, if anything, I'd say, Dennis, people are excited and pleased that the opportunity is as big as we thought it was, and are excited to help drive it from here.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, this is Richard. In terms of conversion rates, it's just for what it's worth with a 75% pre-sale business and 25% spec, we don't have as much inventory on the ground as we did to kind of have an outsized conversion rate in any given quarter. Our backlog is pretty robust right now for Q3 and Q4 frankly. So we're happy about that. In terms of cancellation rates, obviously, that's going to be a factor of what happens in the broader economy. We're very happy with where can rates are. They continue to be below the historical norms and no way to kind of predict that going forward. I don't know, Bob, if you have anything else or...
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Listen, one of the reasons we like the multi-branded model is we don't have excess risk weighted into any one category. I will tell you that all 3 of our brands saw sign-up growth in the quarter and we do feel the entry-level category is an important segment. Having said that, I don't think it will come as a shock that if and when rates rise, that business is probably not going to perform as well as say the active adult buyer, which approximately half of pay cash. So from a long-term perspective, I think you can continue to expect a dominant weighting toward Pulte. The Del Webb business did pick-up nicely for us in Q2, which we think is a positive, but the Centex business was also good. We just didn't have as much investment in that category. So I didn't know, Adam, if I'm getting to the essence of your question.
Richard J. Dugas: I would suggest our results right now are more driven by our investment choices. In the past year to 18 months, we've been investing more in the Pulte brand and of course, on the Del Webb side, we haven't had to invest because we have a ton of lots there. So I would say that's the biggest driver is kind of how we've weighted it. And then secondarily, there does seem to be nice some strength in the Pulte side, but I'm not trying to suggest lack of strength in the entry-level. That's been more driven by the investment side.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Megan, first of all, I don't think you have to worry too much about us having too much spec, unless we have a huge spike in can rate, which we do not forecast. We have a lot of discipline in the company around spec. For us, right now, it's about simple calculation around ROIC. And as much as I hate to admit this, in the past, it was more driven around volume. And so whatever provides the greatest return for us in a given community and a given division is what we're going to continue to focus on. So I don't want everyone to get carried away with this idea of constraining demand. It is in select markets that are very, very strong, candidly, Arizona, parts of Southern California, places like that. It's not everywhere we're constraining demand. We're just trying to run a smart business. And frankly, I would see here in '04 and '05 for the heyday, we're not talking about a market like that. What we're talking about is, I think, running a smarter business given what we see on the ground today, and just part of the equation candidly is our backlog. I personally am not comfortable carrying a backlog out for a year as an example. A 6 to 9 month backlog is very appropriate, and if we can continue to manage that versus how hand to mouth we were a few years ago as an industry, where we were dying for sales every single quarter, that's about right. We typically can project and protect our construction cost roughly out 6 months, that type of thing. So that's our view is to try to be balanced in that regard. So I hope that helps.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, the things -- so what we -- brokered loans, for instance, where we didn't keep the rep and warrant is a good example and on government originations, we're not seeing much exposure, if any. So that's the piece of the portfolio that we're saying we don't see much risk in. And in terms of the others where we do see some risk, again, what I would point you to is, yes, we see a fairly consistent stream of requests. It varies in terms of where the originations were in terms of how much money per loan and again, we haven't given a whole lot of color on that over time. But for the repurchase requests that we're receiving currently, we're not seeing a change in the content of them really. The drivers of our exposure haven't changed much it seems.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Sure, the construction cost we've seen, consistent, I think, with what we said at the end of the first quarter. We are seeing a little bit of pressure on things like lumber not outside what we expected. In some of the hotter markets, we're starting to see some material cost increase, so for example, concrete, but again, not huge differentials. What we are experiencing, I think, is a shortage of labor in certain markets, and that's going to start to pressure pricing we think. So in certain markets, we've granted some price increases on labor, and so again that's in the markets that are relatively hot right now. So again, for base commodity type costs, consistent with what we saw coming into the year. We have seen drywall stay where it -- is at higher level than last year, but again, not a huge cost component of the house. So overall, not meaningful increases. But again, the watch out is as labor tightens, we could see some price pressure there.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, the only thing I'd say is that the model that we used to book impairments would put the post-impairment margins at actually a lower level, low- to mid-teens, whereas, we're underwriting transactions today with a higher margin requirement than that. So in terms of what we're seeing today, it's not being driven by prior impairments.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: The only thing I would add to that is we've talked about that we've got several criteria that we look at in terms of risk management. One of the things that actually factors into our consideration of land transactions today is what's the exit cost? So to your point, if there was excess supply that freed up, whether it's the shadow inventory, we would have expectations of what our exit would be in terms of leaving the transaction if the market got soft on us.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: No, I agree. Again, if you look at the year, we've changed our controlled lots. It's come down by about 6,000 lots. We have delivered 7,000 lots. So we're still in the game. We're still buying lots, but the goal is to try and drive that investment in land down.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, the only thing I'd add is, again, our community count makes the numbers a little bit confusing. If you look at just sales per community, what you would see is that sales per community on the first-time buyer are actually up over 30% for us versus the second quarter of last year, which isn't as quick an increase in pace, to Richards point, as the move-up buyer. But again, a fairly robust market, so they're out shopping. They still have the same issues in terms of can they put a down payment together, are they credit challenged, but they are a significant portion of what we're seeing today.
