Bob O’Shaughnessy: Well, Tim, I think if you are asking about over the next 12 to 18 months, certainly we own all the land that we have. We've got production slated for both land development and opening of communities. So I think what you've seen at least in our quarter is that absorptions held pretty firm, you know, they were up 4% in the first-time space, ours are down 3% in the move-up which includes Wieland and a little bit of stickiness and nice pace in the active adult space, you know, being up 14%, 15%. So the market there's some supply out there. So I think at the end of the day -- I can't speak to what others are going to do, but I think you can expect to see the same from us trying to realize return we're going to keep selling communities. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Like everything else, Tim, we don't underwrite to margin, we underwrite to return. And so, you know, everyone of this sort of unique, how many of them are options, how many of them are wrong with development work, but we haven't seen a significant change actually in the margins that we're seeing in the underwriting process.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah, exactly. So if we're putting land under contract today it's going to be 2018 production and beyond, so in terms of mix shift you won't see anything until then.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah, Mike. It’s Bob. We haven't given any color on 2017 yet. We will give that when we release our fourth quarter earnings.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Ken, just to clarify we did give a view towards 2017 which is consistent with that fourth quarter 20.5%, 21% margin. Again, what we'll do is we'll give you color as we go quarter-by-quarter depending on how the year plays out. But based on what we're seeing today that fourth quarter projections actually is through 2017. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: And Ivy, one of the things I would add to that is as we look at the business and we don't necessarily look at it regionally or by segment the way you talk about it. But we've invested a fair amount of money over the last couple years and we are focused on getting return out of that investment. So our absorption paces we were pleased with them. They were consistent with what we've seen over the last year or so. And the margins are still really strong on it. We're guiding down a little bit -- to the Ryan's points it's a little bit harder to get price -- margins a little bit harder to come by, but at these margins, you know, you'll see us continue to sell to actually realize the return on investment. It is really important to remember it it's not just margin, margin and pace how quickly can we work through it. We made good investments. We like the margins we're getting from them and we like the return we can get if we can keep continue to sell against that. And so we're playing in the market. So you can see year-over-year we've got a little bit of creep in our discounts, that's almost community by community though, what open nearby what our competitors up to. But we want to make sure we do is take all the money that we have invested and get the return out of it. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: I guess Stephen for to the second question investment grade, what we've said is that we think we are behaving like an investment grade credit we have over time. We have strong credit metric new offering that we did in July I think are directly supportive of that view. What we said as we won't jump through hoops to try and get somebody to say that we're investment grade. So I think, you know, we were running a very, I think disciplined and healthy capital structure. So within that we've laid out for the last couple of years what we're going to do with our capital including to buy back shares, and I apologize I forgot the first question.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Returns, sure. Well, if you look at our returns over the last couple of years what they've been is relatively flat as we've grown the income statement, but we're growing our investment at the same time. Going forward I think yeah we've highlighted that we would be not growing at the same rate in terms of investment, but that we can do expect to be able to yield return on the investment of making. So I think feel the improvement there. And what I think you can expect from us is later this year to layout sort of what we think the target might be over time.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: So, I think, you know, I don't want to be pithy, but the math is the math. Again, we think the margins are strong. We think the operating margin will be strong. And what we're trying to do is manage just like Ryan talk about we're managing against return is the total return of our income stream that's really important to us and we certainly seek to maximize gross margin. We are trying to be as efficient as we possibly can all with a goal for striving strong operating margin. And, again, not trying to be cute, that if you if you use 21% or 20.5% and 9% that's still a strong relative operating margin compared to historical norms.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah, Stephen, again a couple questions there, but LD in the quarter was $374 million total spend with 640 when you add into 266 of land acquisition. That brings us to for the year to about $1.9 billion and that excludes Wieland, so pretty much right on track with the $1.2 billion that we have projected for full year 2015. And then to your question on that first-time buyer, yeah, we've been pretty clear that we're not out in the excerpts chasing volume in that space. So we are typically going to be a little bit closer and we're typically going to be a little bit higher price point that more affluent millennial first-time buyer who's a little bit older partnered, might have two incomes. So I don't think we have changed at all what we express that first-time business means to us. It's just that with the acceleration of that business, we're seeing more opportunities to invest. And so of the approvals and that's not necessarily cash flow, that's just approvals so the cash will be spent at some point in the future you're seeing more than that in that first-time space.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Well, you know, Stephen, for the fourth quarter and even for next year it is our best estimate today. So it encompasses everything we know. I think the reality is that Matthew is more likely a production and cost issue. Time will tell about on the labor side, but the folks that are working on the power lines aren't the folks that are building our home, so it's not an absolute labor issue, it's just will we be able to get power turned on.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Jack, there's variability based on volume, right. And so I don't want to start hanging targets on dollar levels. What we've indicated is 9% revenues for next year will be -- our projection is 10% for this year, and we think we'll get there. So, rather than turning it into an X dollar per quarter, because there are -- while many of our costs are relatively fixed over time, because sales commissions aren't in SG&A. There are model and start-up cost that comes through the SG&A line in connection with opening new communities. And so it really does flex and I don't want to put unrealistic or bad targets out. So, the 9% is where we'd like you think about.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: No, it's -- I mean its -- candidly its mostly volume-drive. We're operating in an environment where we have pretty strong margins today and have with little fits and starts over the last few years, been operating in a pretty strong margin environment. Our team does a great job, take captive lender so they're working with our customers. We seek to be competitive on price and so we are out there battling against all the other originators. They do a fantastic job and the margin environment has been pretty good.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: It’s Bob. We go through a process annually that we update, candidly, quarterly, where we look at the capital allocation and we give our field teams three years of visibility in terms of what their expectation can be for capital availability and candidly, we are buyer everywhere. We certainly look to demand and demographic considerations when we think about it. We think about the team's historical ability to get money invested where they are indexed. To Ryan's point about balanced business, obviously, if you look at Texas and Dallas, in particular, we've committed a lot of capital there because the market is so strong. But on the whole, there are no markets where we're saying, you don't get capital and there's none where we said you get twice as much as you used to.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, so interest like we obviously have borrowed an incremental roughly billion dollars during the year. So, our interest cost is up. We don't think it will have a significant impact on the gross margin percentage because that's going to be against the bigger base of business. So, we think it’s relatively neutral 2016 to 2017. In terms of the color comment, we are in the midst doing our planning right. And so we can give you a little bit more color on that when we provide a fresh update for -- candidly our real estimate -- not real, sorry, our budget base estimate for 2017.
Ryan Marshall: Tim, this is Ryan. The other thing that I would just point out on the community count guidance we had provided guidance in the back half of the year to show 10% to 15% growth year-over-year. And as you can see from our reported quarter -- in the third quarter we reported 16% growth year-over-year which demonstrates we've gotten our new communities open.
Ryan Marshall: Tim, this is Ryan. It does fall in terms of the tenor of land, the averages that we've been running have been just shy of three years with recent approvals and this quarter is consistent with that.
Ryan Marshall: Hey, Mike. It’s Ryan. I'll take the first piece of that and I'll have Bob to give you a few more comments. But in terms of our first -- the acquisitions that we've made that are targeted towards the first-time buyer there won't be any impact on our 2017 margins.
Ryan Marshall: And Mike the only other thing that I would add to that is that to reiterate what Bob's comment was a minute ago, we don't underwrite the margin, we underwrite the return. Margin is certainly an important component of the equation, but it's not the only thing that we look at.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Ken, here's what I would tell you, I mean we're certainly cycling through newer land that is more expensive and that's a drag on our margins. On top of that, you know, it's widely known that labor is increasing both on the material and specifically on the labor side. We gave you a little bit of color commentary around what we're anticipating in terms of cost increases. So I think those are the -- those are the things that are impacting our forward margins not regional differences
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Ivy, it’s Ryan. I think the easiest way to look at it frankly is that discounts remain relatively flat with where they were in the prior quarter. We did not see a material change. As Bob mentioned in some of his comments they are running right around $10,000 a unit which we think is very reasonable. Certainly in some of the move-up price points things have gotten to be a little bit more difficult and we have seen, you know, accelerating demand on the first-time buyer which I think is reflective of some of the comments that I gave to you about where a lot of our land investment when in the third quarter
Ryan Marshall: You know, Ivy, the only other thing that I'd add to your last comment there is that that's really what's at the heart of the Value Creation strategy from the very beginning was a focused on return on investment.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Stephen we haven't provided any details and I probably wouldn't want to get into it today in terms of, you know, specifics around implementation. What I'll -- what I will elaborate on as I did in some of my prepared remarks is that I am a very big supporter of our Value Creation strategy. The company has realized great financial benefits from that strategy and will continue -- we're going to continue to run that play book. My experiences in the operations of our organization over the last 15 years are certainly a little bit different, unique from Richard's and you'll see heavy emphasis and focus from me is the leader of our organization on driving the efficiencies out of our home building operations.  That's where we made substantial -- both substantial and sizable gains over the last four to five years and becoming a more efficient builder. I believe that we can continue to drive that well into the future. The other piece that I talked about is just being more balanced in terms of where we're investing our land we are brand agnostic and we've talked about that quite a bit. We have an entry-level first-time of business today and will continue to have that business well into the future with our Centex, Pulte, and Del Web brand construct. I am quite encouraged by the fact that we are becoming more balanced than what we've been as represented by the, you know, 40% of our land acquisitions in the third quarter going to the first-time buyer.
Ryan Marshall: John, I think a couple things here. Don't lose sight of the fact that we've got a very healthy first-time business today and we have for a number of years. This isn't a new -- this isn't a new focus for us. We certainly are seeing additional opportunities as of late and we've allocated some incremental capital toward that space and we will continue to realize the benefits from the business that we've always had there in addition to the more recent investment. So that would be the first piece of it. The other piece in terms of kind of overall demand we like where the housing market is quite a bit. When you look at overall new home sales this year somewhere in the 575,000 600,000 range we believe we're still under historical norms and historical equilibriums and with an economy that is healthy and low interest rates, low supply we see demand still being quite favorable and we liked how that shapes up for our business
Ryan Marshall: And Stephen the other thing that -- this is Ryan -- and the other thing that I had mentioned about Hurricane Matthew we actually -- we feel quite fortunate that there wasn't a huge human -- a factor of human damage as a result of storm. Our employees are safe. The majority of the residents that live in the affected areas came through the storm safely. Our properties in particular fared quite well. We had minimal damage. It's mostly some landscape type clean up that we're going to be dealing. Bob mentioned the power companies, there's a lot of work that they've got to do to restore the existing infrastructure. And what will see likely happen based on past experience and I lived in Florida for a long time I am quite familiar with what happens post-hurricane storms as they rebuild infrastructure new meter sets and getting news new communities energized will take last priority. We do believe that we've factored the best information into our Q4 estimates that we can. But as you can certainly appreciate we don't have total visibility into what the backlog is for the power companies.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Susan, this is Ryan. When we -- at the end of our Q2 call we talked about -- we've got targeted run rate of 10% in 2016, we're going to reduce that by a 100% or 100 basis points going to a targeted run rate of 9% in 2017 and any of the actions that we plan to take toward that target would be taken in the third quarter. Bob laid out some of the details of how we have affected that and how we've effectuated that rather. We are already seeing the benefits of that and feel that we are very much on track toward that target of 9% for 2017. But to be put a finer point on it, yes we are already a benefit -- benefiting from the actions that we've taken.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Susan. My experience from spending a number of years in the field in our operations is anytime we're this close to the end of an election cycle. I think the general public is trying to calculate and figure out what the impact will be of a change in power moving from one side of the political power grid to the other. What that will do to their earning power potential? What that will do to job growth? What that will do to the stock market, et cetera? My general sense is that folks maybe pause and wait and see. We actually -- as you saw from our sign-up growth in our absorption paces, we're quite happy -- very happy, in fact, with what we saw in the third quarter. So, I don't know that we saw any kind of noticeable impacts. I think I probably speak for the collective country and say I think it will be nice once this election cycle is over in a few short weeks.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Susan -- the way that I would answer that is we don't necessarily want to be over indexed toward any one specific buyer. I think what you heard in my prepared remarks is that we'd like to run a balanced business. We feel that we have that today. We'd like to continue to ensure that we have it. And what you'll see overtime is that as there are opportunities with a particular buyer group, you may see our spend flex ever so slightly towards that particular buyer group. And as we've seen a recovery with that first-time buyer, paces have been accelerating. I think that you've seen us spend a little bit more money toward that opportunity. On the whole though when we look at the entire enterprise, the goal is going to be maintain balance.
Ryan Marshall: We're done. We're going to -- we'll always work to be as efficient as we possibly can, but all of the actions that we plan to take, we have taken. And we're done.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Buck, it’s Ryan. And I would tell you thus far we're very pleased with the John Wieland acquisition and the related integration efforts. Our team frankly has done a phenomenal job in bringing the Wieland platform onto our platform and we're quite happy with the results that we're getting there. And it's in line with our underwriting criteria. One of the things that we really look to with that acquisition was margin opportunity by becoming more efficient on the cost side and we're continuing to work through that. When -- as to your absorption comment, ex-Wieland, our move-up absorptions were flat.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Will, I just -- I probably just want to clarify the comment. We're -- the focus is on running a balanced business and we're going to get over-indexed toward any one particular buyer group. We like the recovery that we're seeing the first-time buyer. They were noticeably absent in this recovery, as this recovery was predominately led by the move-up buyer. And I think as the economy and frankly, the housing recovery cycle has continued to progress, we're seeing strength from the first-time buyers and thus additional opportunities for us to put capital to work. As Bob highlighted in detail, our strategy has been to stay closer to the job core, closer to the city center. We're not going into the [Indiscernible] and chasing volume for volume sakes. So, well, we like what we're seeing and we're seeing opportunities to be a little bit more balanced and how we're allocating capital. You won't see us become over-indexed toward any one buyer group.
Ryan Marshall: Alex, this is Ryan. We're just not as -- we're not investing at the same rate that we were previously in the active adult space. You're also seeing the overall size of the communities come down and be a little bit smaller. If you look historically some of our Delaware communities were 2,000, and 3,000, and 4,000 homes per community and that simply gotten smaller over time. So, that would be the primary driver of brining the average years of supply down. They are just simply smaller communities. We’re very big believers in the active adult space. It’s a huge consumer group. We have an unbelievably strong brand with the Delaware brand and we're going to continue to play in that space with that particular consumer.
