Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan, thanks for the question. I appreciate it. And I'll do my -- there's a lot there so I'll do my best to touch on all those points. Let me, maybe, just start first and foremost with our view of the market, and I'll echo some of the things that I had in my prepared remarks which is, we still believe in the fundamentals of this housing recovery. We've got good GDP growth, interest rates are still historically low, acknowledging that they're moving upward, which is creating some challenges in affordability. That combined with overall asset values that have increased fairly rapidly over the last 12 to 18 months I think is part of what's created some of the slowness or the hesitancy on behalf of the buyers to transact. We still believe that we're underbuilding relative to what the need is there. On a single-family start basis, I would characterize normal as somewhere in the $1 million start range and we're at about $850,000, so call it 20% below where normal is. So we still believe that this market has got room to expand and room to run. Inventory levels are still below six months, which I think all would likely agree is considered normal. We're right around four months on the resale side and less than that on the new home side.  So the market has gotten more competitive there's no question about that. We are seeing additional incentives out there in the marketplace. I would characterize the incentives that we're seeing as normal. I haven't seen anything that I would put in the category of being irresponsible to this point. To that end, and we talked about it on our Q2 call, our local management teams on a community-by-community basis are empowered to make the decisions that need to be made to ensure that we're balancing the price and the pace equation. And I think you're seeing that come through in our results. So that's -- I'll take a breath there and then let you maybe come back with a follow-up if anything I haven't touched on.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, I would probably characterize it just slightly different. Growth is an important part of our overall story, and we're -- we've acknowledged the last couple of quarters have been a little bit more challenging and we've seen flattish type growth. And I think that's reflective of the current operating environment. Buyer interest remains high. So I think that's a positive, it's not like the buyers have disappeared from the shopping environment. But it's been a more difficult environment. We're not going to overreact by giving away all of the margin that we've worked so hard to earn, but we're going to make the decisions that we need to make to make sure that we're continuing to turn the inventory. Being a production builder, I think you can appreciate how important that is to the overall equation of driving returns. I think we've made those appropriate decisions, and we've made the appropriate tradeoffs. But keeping up with market growth is an important part of what our overall story is. I think you saw our gross margins in Q3 come in near the lower end of our guide, and that's reflective of the fact that we did put some additional incentives in place to help move order growth.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Ken, I think there's a lot of hypotheticals in the question. And so in an effort to maybe avoid kind of speculation I'm going to go with the numbers that we see out there and the numbers that we see would suggest that inventory is tight. If we were to be in an environment where inventory was to increase, I think simple supply-side economics would take over. And it would require us to make an adjustment to the volume of product that we're producing as well as pricing, would I think be the typical reaction that the market would expect.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, John. It takes a little bit longer to move product. So in this current market environment, I -- you shouldn't see us make major changes to product offering. It just takes longer to work through municipalities typically. We do feel like we've got good offerings in the product portfolio that we have that allows consumers to make changes either in the structural options that they add to the home or maybe don't add to the home. They also have the ability to move up and down within the square footage range that we build within that community. So I think we're pretty well positioned there. As far as things that we can do, there are clearly incentives that we can offer as it relates to option packages, lot premiums. There's financing incentives that we can offer to help alleviate some of the pressure that we're feeling around overall affordability. And then, of course, the easiest thing potentially to do and sometimes the most painful from a profitability standpoint is just absolute base price adjustments, and we tend to go there last, is kind of the order of magnitude of change that we would typically make.
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, it's Ryan. I'll answer your second question first, as it relates to the product that is more standardized, if you will, less optionality, less choice. Yes, I think your answer there is if you've got to make adjustments to increase pace, it's going to be price. And it may be one of the levers that you have is financing or financing-type incentives. I suppose you could maybe do something with landscaping packages or things like that, that may not be standard so you could add in some enhancements that might entice a buyer. Those communities and that style of operating are typically in the secondary ring and some of the tertiary markets that we don't necessarily compete in today. So -- but that's my assessment of how the market's playing out. In terms of incentives that are out there by consumer group, I think it really comes down, Steven, to a market-by-market situation based on the specific geography or specific ZIP Code that you're competing in. And so to paint a particular consumer group with a broad brush across the entire country. I'm going to probably refrain from doing because I don't know that the information I'd give you would be accurate.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Stephen, it's interesting. I'll give you just a few stats here, and then, maybe, just some color commentary to go with it. Our can rate was just under 15%. That's actually slightly lower than where we were prior year. ARM usage sits at 5%, which is down from where we were in the prior quarter. So we haven't seen a huge increase in ARMs. I think that has to do with the yield curve. There's not enough differential on the long part of the yield curve. Loan to values are still well within kind of the range that we've been operating in for the last couple of years. And credit scores for us, the loans that we actually financed through our mortgage company remain high. So I think some of the affordability challenges are really self -- probably more self-imposed by the buyers that are out shopping and they're making a decision to say, my overall payment is higher than what I'm comfortable with or higher than what I know I can afford and therefore, I'm not going to move to go into contract rather than seeing buyers actually sign up and get declined. And if that were the case, I think you'd see a lot of stats, so I just talked about increase.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Susan, great question. We're seeing a very good traffic to the website as well as into the stores. So both metrics are important. The website traffic is a leading indicator, and we continue to see positive year-over-year gains in the amount of web traffic that's coming on to the website. And then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw a 15% increase in store traffic at our physical models, which is probably the more important factor at the end of the day.
Ryan Marshall: And Susan, the only thing I'd maybe add to that is, as far as kind of future leverage I'd expect that to come from volume growth as opposed to structural change within how we're operating.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen. What I would tell you is similar to Bob's comment from a few questions ago. We're always grinding over what the cost input side of the business is. And our procurement teams, I believe, are best-in-class, and they're always working with our suppliers to put different products in, buy better to ensure that we win, and we want our suppliers to win as well. So that's certainly a focus. As far as kind of repositioning de-contenting houses, taking options out, those are steps that we're always cautious and hesitant to make because I think buyers know what they want and they want what they want. And so it's a tricky kind of tightrope walk to take things and options out of houses in an effort to lower prices. But certainly, something that we've done in the past and we're capable of doing, but it's a territory that I venture into cautiously. I think we've done a really nice job in all of our groups, our procurement group, our sales group, our operations team in putting the right options in that consumers want and can afford based on the way that we've targeted and positioned individual communities. So look, I go back to some of the things that I said a minute ago, Stephen. We still think that the underlying fundamentals of the market are strong, we're certainly in a little bit of a tougher period of time right now. But I don't know that I would expect that to continue for an extended period of time.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Carl, I think for the most part, the incentives that we've put in place have been very targeted against specific communities and specific MSAs where we felt like maybe the overall market had moved and we needed to make adjustments to be more competitive. And I don't believe that we've done anything that is so large that it would have rocked the confidence of the consumer in a way that you would describe. So as far as, kind of what did we get out of it, and what's the overall elasticity like. Hard to know what you would have gotten if you wouldn't have made adjustments. I don't have that kind of magic eight ball. I think we made appropriate decisions based on what we were seeing in the market. And for us, in this quarter, generated 1% growth year-over-year. So it's definitely a tougher operating environment out there. And I think we tried to be fairly transparent with our comments on that. There are a couple of markets that I would tell you we're on the higher priced end, like in Northern California and in Seattle, where I think the incentives there have gotten a little larger mostly because the prices had run so far and so fast, and it may have created a bit of paralysis in the market. I think in both of those locations, overall, supply is so tight, and there's such a shortage of inventory that I think it's short term in nature and that market will -- both those markets will free up and go back to more normal selling patterns soon enough.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, I probably would characterize it a little bit different than what you've described. What I would start with is, we don't have a lot of spec inventory. In fact we've got right around 500 finished specs on the ground today. And so the way we've built our business is we're selling dirt to be built orders. And so I think that puts us in a better position not to get into a desperate type position as the inventory starts to build, which we all know creates lots of -- has capital implications as well as cost implications as that inventory builds. And you maybe -- if you're in a situation where you had a lot of inventory, you may be facing or feeling more pressure to take bigger incentives. So as far as how we're behaving, I think we're using good judgment, Mike, in making pricing decisions to run the best business that we can for our shareholders. And I think the decisions that we've made are reflective of that mentality that we want to maintain the market share that we have. Growth is an important part of our business, so is profitability, and we're managing all those levers on a community-by-community basis within the overall environment that we're operating in. The local share and efficiency of production is certainly important and that gets factored into those overall pricing decisions that we make as well. So to say we're going to wait it out, hold on to margin, that's not who we are. And I don't think that's an appropriate characterization.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike. So I'll start with Texas. Texas was generally strong across the board, breaking down the four markets that we operate in. Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, all performed well. Houston was the one market that for us, anyway, was a bit slower. As far as the Southeast goes, couple of things there. The hurricane certainly had an impact. We've got large operations, all up and down the coastal part of South Carolina, where -- from Myrtle Beach to Wilmington to Charleston to Hilton Head, all of those areas were certainly impacted and then, to a lesser degree into Charlotte and Raleigh. So we haven't quantified what the impact was. And frankly, I think given the numbers that we delivered, we're not going to kind of get into the weeds there. I would tell you that other thing in the Southeast that had some bearing on our results for the quarter is we had to close out of several of the John Wieland communities that we got with that original acquisition. So as those have closed out and not all of them have been replaced on a one-for-one basis, that's had a big -- bit of impact in our Southeast numbers. And then the move-up business in that particular area was a tad slower.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Jack, this is Ryan. It's a good question. I think we've struck the right balance where the goal and the objective there is to provide consumers with the flexibility that they want in picking the lot that they want to live on, and they're able to pick the things that are important to them as they configure their home. I think that works out into a more profitable equation for us, and creates a happier homeowner in that they're able to get the things that they truly value. As far as where that can grow, I don't believe that it can go to infinity. And so I think you've started to see the growth rate of that slow over the last couple of quarters. And it's basically grown in lockstep with our ASP growth. So we feel pretty good about where we're at, but it's something that we'll continue to look at in the overall value equation that the consumer considers when they're making a buying decision.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Jack. I think you've highlighted the biggest change that I -- or the biggest difference that I see is 2013, the rate increases then were against an economic backdrop that is nowhere near what it is today. So economically, with GDP growing at 3.7%, unemployment at less than 3%. We're actually seeing some wage expansion. Consumer confidence is much higher. So just the whole kind of gamut of economic indicators are so much better today. That being said, the difference between -- one of the other big differences is asset prices are much higher today than what they were in 2013. So the overall equation of home price plus the absolute interest rate, I think that's created a package that is radically different from where we were 6 to 9 months ago. I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, but I think it bears repeating. And that is you've got a fair number of homeowners that are in existing homes that likely have interest rates sub-3%. And there may be a little bit of reluctance to give up on that interest rate as you consider moving now. I think time and life will kind of take care of that. Buyers are going to continue to have life events that create needs to sell and move or upsize, whether it's marriage, divorce, birth, job relocation, retirement, et cetera. I think those are some things that we'll continue to see. And Jack, I think you see the data just like we do. Rates are expected to continue to go up. The Fed is not signaling that they're going to slow down at all with rate increases as long as the economy continues to motor on at the rate that it is.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, I appreciate the question. This is Ryan. I would agree with you that, that buyer group is the most rate-sensitive buyer. And in terms of kind of how that affects our view about long-term segmentation. I would tell you it's largely unchanged. We'd like to see 35% of our business in the first time entry level space. Our closings at this point that are coming through the business are closer to 30%, but the land that we control for that first time entry-level space is right at the 35% that we've targeted. So you'll start to see those closings come through our business over the course of the next couple of years as we develop and monetize that land pipeline. I would tell you -- the other thing that is worth highlighting and it is part of the reason that we love the active adult business so much. All of the conversation has kind of moved to the millennials and to the entry levels, but there is still a lot of boomers out there, they have high homeownership rates. And this is a buyer group that, for us anyway, 40% of them pay cash, and so they're much less interest-rate sensitive, which works to our advantage. And I think this is just kind of a great example of why we continue to invest in that space, and why we've tried to maintain a balanced position with the different consumer groups that we serve.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Alan, it's Bob. Candidly, we're always having those conversations with our suppliers and our trades. It's not necessarily just the year-end push. We haven't provided a guide for next year and we'll certainly do that when we release our fourth quarter earnings. I would characterize what we're experiencing today, a continuation of the theme. We've talked about that we saw a little bit of price increase -- cost increase this year, primarily labor. Obviously, lumber, everybody knows about. So one of the reasons we moved our guide down on margin in Q4 was that's when we'll feel the real brunt of that push-up in pricing early in the year. Obviously, that will provide some tailwind next year if pricing of lumber stays down where it is today relative to this year. But on a more broad basis, the commodity side of the business still feels pretty good. But labor, we're still paying for it, especially in markets where there's a lot of activity.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Ken, we haven't given a guide for margins for '19. We're in the middle of our planning process right now. So it would be premature for us to put that out there. We'll -- again, we'll give color on that when we release our fourth quarter earnings. I think if you think about what's happened though, we've affirmed the Q4 guide that we have, obviously, that's a lot of backlog. So I think your question is one that the sales environment will dictate ultimately. So you heard Ryan say, in this quarter we took some actions that did impact our margins slightly. So clearly, the environment matters. But for the term that we've given guide, we still feel comfortable with the range that we have provided last quarter and will update you on '19 next year.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes. I wouldn't say that there's anything unusual happening. Certainly, the increased desire and implementation of a higher optionality does have benefit as we're expanding the portfolio percentage of option. Certainly, we have less of a current need for cash to spend on dirt that would sit on the balance sheet. But I wouldn't look into it that much. If you think about it, the land just versus prior year is about flat despite us having more lots under control today than we did a year ago. But our house inventory is up about 12% to just under $1.4 billion, and that's reflective of just the number of houses we have in production.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Susan, it's Bob. Certainly, it's been a focus of ours, candidly, since, well, always. But in particular, in 2016, we took some pretty big actions. We are, like I said, in our planning process so we'll wait till the fourth quarter to give you an update on what we see going forward. But the guide we gave for Q4, I think shows you that we continue to expect to see strong performance there. Yes, we're focused on all the things, so -- as we're going through planning. We're challenging all of the spend across the entire organization. I think, as an example, if we were to achieve the lower end of our guide this year for the fourth quarter, it puts us well within the range that we gave for the year, and certainly, improvement over the fourth quarter of last year.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Well, that was a good way of getting more than one question into the question. So I'll try and cover the gamut there. Land spend, it is still a competitive market out there, Stephen. And pricing doesn't change, I think no different than any other point in time. If we see market conditions change and this is a very local conversation around an asset that we have under contract or other folks have under contract, you'll see it. You'll see re-trades happen where there's something that happens locally. So I would characterize that as being very much the same today. In terms of the dialogue inside this company, as it relates to repurchases versus land spend, I'd remind you, the way we've characterized it is, the first and foremost priority that we have is to invest in the business as long as we can do it at high returns. We use excess capital to repurchase our stock, pay our dividend and if we choose to, pay down some debt. And so you saw us move a little bit more money into the equity during this quarter than you had in the prior couple of quarters. We've said it long that we're not stock pickers but we have an opinion about the value of the equity, and so that gets reflected in how much we choose to invest. As does our expectation for the business going forward and our longer term needs for capital, that won't change even with the equities being a little bit cheaper than they were, say, six months ago. And on M&A, I'd characterize us as isn't always on fire. We don't do a lot of deals because we're pretty picky about pricing. And so notwithstanding the fact that you're referencing clearly a public enterprise that we'd be thinking about. The same dynamic is true today as it was 3, 6, 9 months ago, a year ago. And that is, for something like that for us it would have to be a good strategic fit. And then it would have to be a good social fit too. Just because the equities have traded down doesn't mean that management teams believe their company is worth less, and I would start with ours. So just because the equities have moved to a lower price point doesn't mean that things get remarkably cheaper, especially on a relative basis. So for us it's always about strategic fit, how and where does their land book serve us and either bolster an existing position or benefit us by virtue of some, whether it's a different geography or different demographic in places where we operate. I think I got it all.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: No, Carl. Typically, you're right. We call out stuff that's significant. This was the first time in a while, thankfully, a pretty clean quarter. So it's really just the business.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Mike, we've historically not done that. Honestly, we're still going through the process of finalizing the optionality built into that, et cetera. So that will come when we give you our guide for next year. Obviously, we've given you a guide for Q4, which tells you that things have held up. Again, that might have been things that were sold through the second quarter. So more to come on that, but typically we wouldn't give you that kind of details because we just don't have it all yet.
