Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Mike, this is Richard, thanks for the question. Generally, we saw consistent results throughout the quarter and I'll offer that we're pleased with the way July is unfolding as well. So no real change in traffic levels, sign-up patterns in general. You will note from our comments, we're pleased that our Del Webb performance is up. That's an area that we want to see continue to move forward, but pretty consistent throughout the quarter and so far, in July.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Steve, we had indicated nothing new on that front. We expect it to be down this year before bottoming some point into '14. We haven't given any further guidance. We intend to on our fourth quarter call as we start to ramp up projections for '14. We're certainly pleased that we're able to increase our land spend from $206 million in Q1 to $332 million in Q2 and you saw the lot count that we put under control in Q2 was a little over 10,000 lots. So a step up in activity. We'll have to see what that does to community count in the future, but no further guidance now.
Richard J. Dugas: And Stephen, Richard. One other thing I'd like to add, our real focus is on growing earnings and growing returns. And we think we've demonstrated nicely that we can grow earnings without relying strictly on unit growth, if you will. And we've done a nice job with that with margins. And as I indicated, we think there's more in that tank, to go.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, David, this is Richard. Our pace is -- we're up about 15% in Del Webb overall, and we're really happy with that. It is, of the 3 brands, the 1 brand where we are not limiting sales pace, if you will, because we have such an investment. So again, under the mantra of ROIC, our goal is to drive more pace there. At the same time, our margins expanded nicely in that sector as did pricing come up as well. So we are seeing what we expected, that as the longer this recovery unfolds, the more and more Del Webb buyers come back into the overall sector. Our average selling price is up 10% in Webb with sales pace, absorption paces being up 15%, so a nice combination. In terms of geography, we're seeing strength in a lot of markets, and I'm pleased to say that some of the Midwest markets for Del Webb also saw some strength in the quarter, with a notable outside strength in northern California.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. So we are experiencing some minor delays in cycle times as trade availability is difficult. Having said that, we have a huge effort internally on overall efficiency, and we're real pleased with regards to that. Some of the extension with regard to our cycle times is a result of our option focus on substantial margin that we're driving from options, which is a change in the last 24 months for us as we've talked about. And Bob indicated in his prepared remarks, our option revenue is up. So we'll take that tradeoff. We think from an overall return blend, the incremental margin we're generating even if it's a couple of extra days and cycle times, more than pays off.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Bob, we'll stick with the similar commentary we have each quarter. We see upside from here, and I'm pretty pleased with the upside that we see in our backlog, and that kind of gives us visibility for roughly 6 months or a couple of quarters. So we continue to execute against our common plan management strategy. We continue to drive a bigger percentage of our closings. Bob indicated only about 30% of our closings in Q2 had benefited from that process. I expect that to ramp up on a consistent basis quarter-after-quarter. So I would suggest that the margin opportunity we have in front of us is not insignificant.
Richard J. Dugas: I think it's a great change, Ken. Frankly, I think the industry, we've talked about before, has some systemic issues, right, not much land has been entitled over 4 or 5 years of downturn. I think we all gobbled up the opportunistic finished A locations a couple of years ago. Bob just indicated that most of our spend now is going into raw, which extends time frames out a little bit. I don't think anybody here is suggesting that the industry volumes don't come back to normal. The question is, what's the capacity of the industry to actually get us there? And I would suggest land is more of a constraint than anything. I think the labor will continue to come back into the space. It might be a quarter or 2 hiccup here and there for builders. But I think it's an extremely healthy change. I think builders have learned their lesson by focusing too much on volume, volume, volume, and certainly, this company has.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Dan, we're not providing any granular guidance. We're just saying that we've seen a continuation of good trends in traffic and sign-ups through the first 3 weeks of July, so don't have any more detail on that.
Richard J. Dugas: And Dan, just to add to that, to give you an example, just within the land acquisition space, if you're going to appreciate this. If we're looking at 5 transactions in a given market, we are being disciplined to only purchase 2 or 3 of those. And we really like what that's doing to our overall portfolio. We continue to approve high returning transactions, with less risk, with more upside to the company. And we're just having a conversation internally over the last couple of weeks about how the land that we have put under contract in the past 12 to 18 months it's really going to benefit the company, we believe, in the future. Whereas if we had not had the discipline that we have had, maybe we would have bought all 5 things we were looking at. So it extends beyond just the choices of what to do with our capital, but even within each segment, particularly on the land side being smart about it.
Richard J. Dugas: Rob, we haven't gotten into that much detail. I will remind you that we said that in several markets we're metering sales in 50% or more, so we don't have an exact number for you there. And then average margin differential is going to be very asset specific. So even in a market where we're metering sales in greater than 50% of the communities, we could have one asset there that was not well positioned that had low margin. So it's very difficult to answer that. But it's fair to say that we like the way that this is playing out for us. We think we're maximizing return.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Mike, I would first go to which segment can most deal with the rising rates and that's the Del Webb buyer. Approximately, 1/3 of our investment and our assets positioned in that business. There tend to be 40% or greater of those buyers who pay cash and those that do take a mortgage, take a very conservative mortgage. So rather than isolate a given geography, I would first lead you to that segment. Then I think, certainly, the Pulte category, the move-up category can probably weather the rate increases next best, if you will. And then, I think the category that would get hurt the most would be the entry-level category overall. In terms of geography, you just have to -- look, excuse me, at where our assets were positioned. So we have a pretty good balance with the vast majority being in Pulte and in Del Webb. So I wouldn't single out any one particular market that I think would be impacted the most.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, it is. We continue to invest in the Centex brand and the entry-level category in total with our goal being to ensure that the product is very affordable. Having said that, as Bob indicated, we're not finding a lot of land transactions at this point that return exceptionally well in that category. So our future investment has not been geared as much. But it doesn't mean we're not trying to monetize the existing assets that we have and maximize our profitability in those and part of that is a more efficient home construction process due to the independent series.
Richard J. Dugas: Great. Thank you, operator. I just want to thank everybody for their time this morning. I know it's a busy day for a lot of you. But we certainly will be available for any follow-up questions that you may have, and we look forward to talking in our next conference call.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: The only thing I would add to that is, Mike, we think of it sort of 4 elements, right? We've got investment in the land -- in the business; we've got dividend payments; we've got share repurchases; and we've got leverage that we need to manage against all of those things. So I think -- if you -- against that balance comments that Richard just made, obviously, the dividend that we've just announced is roughly $20 million a quarter, so it would be $80 million a year. We have authorized up to 40% more spend. That would be the first 2 things that we would look at in terms of how we allocate available cash and cash generation. And then, you would look at the others. So I don't know that I would say it's opportunistic or not. It would be how much cash do we have available and what are the other uses that we've used for it and what's the underlying intrinsic value of the equity. So it's a -- something that we'll be looking at continually, honestly.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Steve, it's Bob. Following on Richard, we're not providing forward guidance, but we have been, I think, clear over time that we think today is the best investment dollar option for us in the business. Again, 40% increase for fiscal '13. And what we do is we actually invest in markets where we think we've got opportunities to enhance our relative market share or maintain it. So I think, no change from us in that regard. The only thing I would add to Richard's commentary a moment ago was, while we are increasing our investment, we are finding that we are buying more raw land than finished lots. And so there's a little bit further delay, obviously, in terms of when communities come online because of that.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Stephen, it's Bob. It's interesting. We don't actually ask our -- we're agnostic as to buyer group. So what we ask our land acquisition teams to do is focus on return. So which land parcels are they looking at, that can generate the best return? And what we have seen for 24 months now is that the opportunities that we are seeing are largely in the move-up space because that's where credit is more available. So that -- we've talked about that in the first time space, you can't get enough volume through to make the returns work. So most of our investments has been on the Pulte or move-up states. We also actually find that we're in certain markets looking at Webb transactions. We opened a new Webb in Raleigh, which has done very well since it opened. So I think it's really return focus for us rather than demographics when we're looking at land. I don't know if that answers your question.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: On the lumber, it will be -- actually probably later than Q3. It's actually out beyond that because as pricing comes down now it will be closing to see probably first quarter of next year. And then on first time -- to your commentary, I think we believe that, yes, that in an environment where we're getting back to more normal volumes, the first-time buyer will have to be a more important part than they have been over the last 2 years. And so I think, as we see return capability coming, we would invest in that land portfolio. And it might come as, if prices continue to escalate closer to the job core, you might see people moving out just for affordability and that's more of your first-time buyer.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. We wouldn't want to comment on exactly kind of what comps will do over time. I will tell you this. We're extremely focused on earnings growth and return growth, and unit metrics got us in trouble in the last cycle by paying too much attention to that and trying to chase volume. We weren't making as good a land decision. So I feel very good about our ability to grow earnings and grow returns from here. But don't have a lot to say about what sign-up trends may do. It's going to obviously be reflective of what the broader market does and how quickly we can get communities online, which we don't have any update on at this point. But it's about driving earnings and return on invested capital.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, hopefully, we won't look differently at it over time. It is, again, first and foremost, we think the best return we can generate on our cash are in the business. We've got a criteria that we're using to approve land acquisition. And so I think you can expect to see us continue to invest in the business doing that. And obviously, we've introduced the dividend. And so I think on balance, over time, if we have available cash beyond that, we would consider whether it made sense to put more in the business, pay down debt or repurchase shares or increase the dividend over time. So we have lots of -- Richard said earlier, we have flexibility, so I don't think there's anything concrete that we're going to say, "If this, then that." It will be more of an evaluation as time goes by.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Sure, ASPs, quarter-over-quarter, up 9% to $294 million. That's what we talked about in the call. That was up 8% in Pulte to $350,000. It was up 2% to $197 million for Centex. It was up 10% to just under $300,000 for the Del Webb segment. Sign-up -- gross sign-ups were down 20%, as we've talked about for Pulte, 18% -- down 18% for Centex, up 8% for Del Webb. On pace, it was down 8% at Pulte, and again, that's reflective, I think, largely of what happened out with Southwest. Paces were up 14% for Centex as we've talked about up 15%, this absorption basis for Del Webb, so an aggregate 4%.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. So this is a luxury community that was built, again, in a market where we're not doing business anymore. And it's a contractual dispute with homeowners that essentially, it relates to the amenity package that was built, their access to that amenity package. Again, we've had arbitrations, ongoing discussions for settlements. So the $30 million that we've provided is what we actually think this is going to cost. The reason we highlighted the incremental $40 million is it will be in our 10-Q. We are required to say is it possible that there will be some bigger number and what's the range of that. Obviously, the range is 0, meaning the $30 million estimate is correct. But depending on how the negotiations go, in theory there could be more. That $40 million would be a, in our view, an absolute worst-case scenario.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: It is an amenity package that is owned by a third-party and the access rights of the owners of the units within the community was in question and essentially, contractually, they thought they had more access than ultimately they were provided, and so have challenged us on the basis of how the units were sold to them.
