Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Sure. We -- obviously, we put the tender out. We're excited to see where that goes. We have $1.6 billion on the balance sheet today. Obviously, the fourth quarter is always going to be one of our best cash flow generating periods. We are fortunate, I guess, in one regard that we won't be a taxpayer so our earnings become purely cash accretive. So as we looked at our liquidity profile, although the leverage that we're taking back is fairly expensive, there is yield there. So we are comfortable with the decision to buy that back. We're giving a lot of the economics back to the holders, but still positive yield for us. In terms of your longer-term question, I think, as we look at the market, we feel pretty good and have said consistently that our land position will give us the opportunity to grow with the market. And as we look at capital allocation for future growth, obviously, we committed another almost $100 million to land acquisition and development during the fourth quarter. So I think we feel like we have the ability to do both with the given cash flow and cash position that we have today.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: To the first question, the profitability is primarily, as we talked about, volume from the builder. So our increased volume helps. And it is the interest rate environment. We are experiencing very healthy gains on sale, and that's really the driver. To your second question, we have expressed the desire to try and resolve these. We are obviously in constant dialogue with investors. We don't have anything more to say about any progress on that.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, we haven't, Ken, given a mothballed asset lot count or value, candidly. So I think what we do is actually look at it. And if mothballed means different things to different builders, certainly, we've got a longer land base since Richard talked it in the Webb communities. But we are focused on wherever it's appropriate taking assets, either that are non-core and selling them, if it's appropriate, or opening up communities.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. We haven't seen a dramatic change in any of the elements that we look at, and one of them is the year of origination. Today, we had talked about that it was primarily 6 and 7. That is still true. The severity of loss hasn't changed much. So again, what we're seeing is a continuation of the same. Obviously, we continue to research them, but we haven't seen a change.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes, what we've -- sorry, the last one was -- the $40 million to $45 million is based on a recent activity, not necessarily the fourth -- the third quarter. We tend to look at these things over time. 2 months or 3 months, we don't think necessarily makes a trend, so we have to see what that really evolves into. The question on why volume is up, it is, at least as best we can tell, just normal process from investors. And then for '13, extending out beyond that, again, put-backs have always been part of the business. They were around but just much less pronounced than they are today. And so we would have to see a return to that for there not to be any impact in '14 and '15. Again, we're evaluating that as we go.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, certainly, to the extent that we were able to take in $1 billion, we expect to be cash flow positive in the fourth quarter. We haven't given any guidance on that. But we did generate $240 million plus of cash in the third quarter. In terms of credit facility, we've looked at that and our view is we want to be able to put the best credit package in front of people. So the more positive earnings performance we can do, the better we're going to do in terms of the facility we can put in place. If we were in a position 3 months from today or soon as the tender were over, where we felt we needed to go raise capital, we think we could do it in the capital markets pretty inexpensively and efficiently, whether that would be senior subordinated notes or convertible. We'd evaluate based on economics at the time. So we think -- then Richard used the word earlier, it's about flexibility. We have the opportunity to make decisions and from relatively -- we have choices. The other question you asked is why are we doing this now? It is expensive. We've said that from the start. Unfortunately, it is what the market is telling us the bonds are worth. And as we look at it, we get a positive yield versus the cash sitting on the books. So elected to do this today, again, trying to drive down the leverage we've talked about wanting to do that.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, again, we're going to commit about $1 billion in 2012. Roughly 1/3 of it is going to be buying land. The rest is land and land development.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Megan, it's fair to some degree, but let me be clear about this. You said that if we didn't have labor constraints or other constraints, in some cases, those constraints are lot availability, as an example, so you've got real strong performance in a given community. You thought you were going to sell 50 in a given year and all of a sudden you're at 100, you can only ramp up a lot production so quickly. So we are solving for the highest possible ROIC. And in many cases, we're finding, at least in the short term, that's through price versus additional pace. So I don't want to give you the impression we'd rather not drive volume, but we do have to live within the environment of a combination of factors of lot availability, labor availability, our ability to get permits. In some municipalities, they're limiting us on the number of permits we can pull. So it's not so much what the builder wants to do, it's what we believe is the smartest business decision, given the environment we're in.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, David, it's a great question. I would say that earlier in the year, I was hearing more about subs not necessarily wanting to add personnel because of the concerns as to how sustained the recovery was. I'm hearing, as the year progresses, that more and more people are coming back to this space, as you might imagine, overall. I would also point out that I believe we have -- we, being the big builders, have an advantage, given our land supply. Obviously, our subcontractors want to keep their folks employed. And based on what they see out in front of them, while we're clearly facing some price pressure, I believe we're going to be very successful at being able to get our homes built and that's what our teams continue to report. So as I outlined in the prepared remarks, we've seen this movie before. We've operated successfully within it. And it's not a long-term concern, it's just something to be aware of.
Richard J. Dugas: Thanks, Ivy. With regard to how permanent we feel kind of the environment is, I would suggest that a number of the things that we are doing internally, we believe, can be long-held gains for us. With regard to some of the structural changes we made, I mentioned on the prepared remarks our common plan management and focus on zones. We believe that's a structural change that's going to benefit us going forward. I also would point out that I mentioned that only 15% of the homes that we closed during Q3 have benefited from value engineering and should costing, and we fully expect that number to go up in the coming years. Having said that, certainly, some of the margin improvement that we've seen was from pricing. But as I indicated, we raised price in the quarter and upwards of 70% of our communities, and that's up fairly dramatically from where it was just a quarter or 2 ago. So we feel pretty good about that. I can't promise that forever and ever we can enjoy this kind of margin performance, given not knowing where the business is going to be going forward. I would also say that there is pressure on commodities. There's no question about that. And so we're not realizing every dollar or price increases to the bottom line. But we continue to feel confident in our ability to get more in pricing than we're getting in cost pressure. Moving to the question about where we go from here, I would say, as we said before, margins quarter-to-quarter are going to be choppy. And clearly, there won't be a straight line, continued sequential improvement every single quarter. But as we look into our backlog, we do see opportunity to move margins higher from here. So we feel good about that and expect that candidly in 2013.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, thank you. Listen, with regard to the last part first. With regard to mortgage availability, it still continues to be tight. It's been tight for the better part of a couple of years. We're not seeing a big change there. So we're pleased with our ability to still get buyers, not only to the sales table that closed today. And Mike can speak maybe later to our FICO scores, if you'd like that, but they continue to stay strong. With regard to the buyer profile, the move-up buyer continues to be very strong for us, the Pulte buyer. I would point out, so does Centex. On a same-store sales basis, we feel good about it. The notable shift this quarter that we're beginning to see, and Bob alluded to this in his remarks, is the Del Webb buyer. It appears that the Del Webb buyer is slowly, but surely, coming back into the business. We kind of predicted that they would lag the other categories in terms of coming back. But as existing home stock falls, as that buyer gets more and more comfortable that kind of housing is here to stay in terms of more of a sustained recovery, we're seeing some additional action. So we're going to watch through the traditionally stronger selling season for us in our Southern markets for Del Webb in the coming couple of quarters to see if that's going to continue. But that's probably the one shift that I would mention vis-à-vis the rest of the year in category.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Mike, this is Richard. I can help a little bit. We're not going to comment on community count. As we go forward, we'll have maybe more to say about that on the next quarterly call regarding 2013. I will tell you that the land evaluation process, in terms of incremental spend, is an evergreen process for us. We're very, very focused on staying attuned to what's happening in the market. And I think we demonstrated a couple times here in 2012 that we're going to be flexible and appropriate with regard to the spend where we need it. The fact is, we have a lot of leverage available from existing assets, particularly in Del Webb, in many of our markets. Other markets, we need to invest, and that's exactly what we're doing. So we feel very comfortable with the progress we're making. Our focus is clearly on ROIC, which we believe directly correlates to shareholder returns, and that's where it's going to stay. Having said that, we're continuing to monitor our land position and are investing appropriately. But more to say about community count on our future call.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Ken, that's a great question. And let me be perfectly clear. Our decisions are motivated by what generates the highest ROIC for us. And as you might appreciate, with 707 active communities, we're monitoring it community by community. As an example, we have many, many Del Webb communities that could reasonably expect meaningful increases in same-store sales growth, with only putting additional development dollars into those and not reinvesting in anything beyond that. And that would be a very, very nice scenario. For us, that would be very beneficial. So those communities, we're not looking to add community count, and that's why we think the community count metric is a little bit overplayed. For us, it's more about what happens to the total revenue, total leverage, obviously, earnings and therefore, the corresponding impact on return, given the size of our balance sheet. So as we speak, we continue to monitor every single community. And where we think we have an opportunity to invest appropriately in return-friendly transactions, we are doing that. So I think, if you look at what's happened to us this year, our order growth rates being very healthy despite a community count decline, in fact, what we have predicted is continuing to come true, which is that same-store sales growth is going to lead the way initially. And we find ourselves candidly in a very flexible position. We have the ability. We're generating so much cash to pay down our debt and continue to reinvest in the business. So I guess, without getting into too much granular detail, you and everybody else should feel very comfortable that we're paying attention to every one of those levers. And our goal is to drive a better return in coming years, and we are, this year. And this year, we think we've demonstrated a better return than we've had previously. So we've been caught in the past before with focusing too much on growth candidly. We have a lot of discipline within the company right now around expanding all the other levers that drive return, most notably margin and SG&A. So we continue to be pleased with our progress there. And we're not going to let an investment opportunity pass us by that we feel like we should take. And we're looking at it each and every day.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Steve. This is Richard. Listen, things have panned out pretty nicely for us, perhaps even better than we anticipated. We've got a nice benefit from mix in the quarter. We clearly got some pricing in the quarter. We clearly got some house cost. But just to be clear, our 20% to 22% was a non-adjusted number. So there's still several hundred basis points to go there when you take out the effective interest.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Dan. I think Del Webb would be a segment that we'd want to drive a lot more volume before we got real aggressive on the price side. I don't have detailed specifics by community for you. I'm certain that each of our Del Webb communities offers 3 or 4 different lines of product. And probably, in some communities, we've got lot positions and product that's in high demand where we are getting some price. But generally speaking, we're going to look to drive much better returns by a lot more volume in Webb before we drive prices up there aggressively because that would be the best ROIC decision.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, I don't have the granularity on that, Rob. It's fair to say it's a combination. I would suggest that the majority of it is likely already working for us as newer phases and new lots from existing communities come on. But there's not an insignificant amount of new projects. Exactly when those come on, it's a continual revolving door as we close some and open others. So sorry, I -- we don't have that level of detail.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. So basically, the idea here is to drive our throughput for floor plan up much higher than it is today. And what that means is the number of closings that we can get from an individual plan that has been consumer validated and design with the consumer in mind upfront and value engineered it before it ever goes into production and contrast that with an existing set of floor plans where we may go in and attempt to take cost out. It's a lot easier to do it on the upfront. So we've been piloting a process starting in Texas, and we've expanded it to the Southeast where several cities, all of the major cities in Texas and now all of the major cities in the Southeast, are operating under the mindset based on consumer research that buyers in those 2 geographies will accept and be happy with product that can be shared among those geographies. So instead of value engineering a floor plan in Dallas, for an example, and getting 30 or 50 closings to benefit from it, maybe we can get 300 closings benefit from it because all the cities in Texas are now using it. So the idea is that, over 2013, we will expand that concept to the rest of the country and implement additional geographic product zones. Now I also gave a statistic in Q2 that about 10% of our closings that actually came through in Q2, and that went up to 15% in Q3, benefited from value engineering and should costing in the actual closing volume. So even though we have a zone implemented already in Texas and one in the Southeast, it's going to take a while to get all of the floor plans through that commonly managed product. So we see this as a 2- or 3-year effort before we can drive that 10% or 15% number much higher, but our candid expectations are to go much, much higher with that. And that's one of the sources of ongoing margin expansion that we believe we have.
Richard J. Dugas: I would suggest labor is only a small part of it. A lot of it has to do with how far do you want to carry your backlog. I mean, we saw sales explode in Arizona earlier this year and made a very conscious decision to slow it down because we didn't want a backlog. Keep in mind, like in Q2 of this year, extending out a year or more. So Megan, it's based on, in some cases, things like labor constraints or permit delays of the given municipality. But the far more broad reason is how far do you want to let the sales run out and how far do you actually want your backlog out. We generally, as an example, feel like that we can protect our cost for roughly 6 months. And so we may let a backlog in a given community go out to, say, 9 months or something like that. But generally speaking, 2 to 3 quarters worth of backlog in a given community is, in our opinion at PulteGroup, about where you want to have it to maintain relatively consistent ability to start, et cetera. Now I would suggest if the market ramps up further from here, both permitting and entitlement issues and labor issues, to some degree, may limit your ability to get out and deliver those units in a quick fashion. But I don't want to overplay the labor issue. It's more a conscious decision on our part on -- frankly, we want to hold back some dry powder for the potentially improved pricing environment and our ability to protect our cost out in the future. And just wanted to comment on that. We are seeing that in more than just Arizona. We've got communities in Florida, D.C., Northern California and other places where we're purposely restricting sales.
