Ryan Marshall: Thanks Bob. Consistent with the 33% increase in orders, the demand environment in the fourth quarter was obviously much stronger than last year. We saw generally strong demand in the eastern third of the country with Florida continuing to deliver exceptional performance. Demand in our Midwest and Texas operations was also much improved with our Texas business in particular, benefiting from increased business among first time buyers. Demand out west was certainly much stronger in the quarter and I would cautiously highlight that Northern California appears to be finding its footing after a tough 12 plus months. Strong fourth quarter demand, which has continued into the first few weeks of January, has us heading into 2020 with much higher expectations than we had at this time last year. We're optimistic that a good macroeconomic backdrop and better affordability should keep buyer interest high in the year ahead. Now, with the review of our operating and financial results Complete, I want to discuss PulteGroup's acquisition of Innovative Construction Group or ICG. For several years, you've heard the construction industry talk about a tight labor market and how this is adding to our construction costs and cycle times. Given these conditions, you've also heard us discuss efforts to expand the use of offsite manufacturing in our construction operations. As we launched our commonly managed plan platform in 2011 to better standardize our product offering and simplify our purchasing and construction processes. In 2019, 81% of our closings were from our common plan portfolio. With the success of this platform, we have viewed capturing the benefits of offsite manufacturing as a next logical step. Over the last 18 months, we've met with numerous businesses that are working to bring increased automation to homebuilding. It is through this work that we identified ICG which provides framing solutions to residential and commercial contractors in and around the Jacksonville market. ICG's offsite solution includes offering design services, manufacturing wall panels, roof trusses and floor systems and onsite installation to provide a full frame shell construction process. In evaluating ICG, we were very impressed by the management team, along with the product quality, production efficiency and overall innovation of the plant's operations. Working closely with the company founders, who will continue to lead ICG going forward, we plan to extend the use of preassembled floor systems and to expand the factories production capabilities to include installed windows, and wall prep for mechanical, electrical and plumbing. ICG will remain a standalone operation and continue serving its existing customer base and build their clients. This acquisition has the potential to benefit our Jacksonville operations through faster cycle times, precision structural components and savings on lumber and other materials. More importantly, we see this facility as a model for integrating increased offsite production in other PulteGroup divisions. While likely a few years down the road, the opportunity is there to develop comparable production plants in areas where scale and adjacent markets can support a dedicated factory. It is important to note that ICG is just one component of our strategy, as we do continue to partner with key suppliers to move more of our production into a factory setting. This is one plant serving one market, but we're greatly encouraged by the potential offsite production offers to enhance our operations in North Florida today and other markets in the future. We see the opportunity to produce high quality components with greater efficiency, while allowing PulteGroup to work more effectively with its trade partners. We look forward to providing updates on this venture and related activities as they develop. Before opening the call to questions, I want to welcome the employees of ICG into the PulteGroup family and thank our entire team for their outstanding work in 2019. Thanks to your efforts, the company is operationally and financially strong, and we head into 2020 with tremendous momentum. Now let me turn the call back to Jim Zeumer.
Ryan Marshall: Hey, Mike, it's Ryan and good morning. Thanks for the question. I think as we looked at – the way I'd explain that as we looked at ICG, I think there were a number of different ways that we potentially could have reaped some of the benefits associated with the offsite manufacturing. You highlighted a number of those. We elected to go the route that we did for a number of reasons, which I probably won't get into on this call. What I will tell you is the path that we've chosen to take on this particular acquisition was right for this particular opportunity. Where we're going to is as we look at our entire operation across the country, continue to leverage relationships with other suppliers where we're looking to move as much of our production into automated type factory settings as we can. And in many of those cases, it will be with existing suppliers that are bringing technology to the table. We are going to use the learnings from this point to certainly enhance right away our Jacksonville operations. And we'll use those learnings down the road to potentially look at standing up new plants of our own, where we have the right amount of volume to support those. So we're really excited about what this does. It's been a journey, frankly, in the making since 2011, when we started our commonly managed plan portfolio. And this is the next logical step. So more to come, but suffice it to say we're pretty excited about what this opportunity holds for the industry.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Stephen, I'll take the first question, as far as where we see this going in the future, and I think it's really the later or the first piece that you mentioned, which is to take it to the level of plumbing, electrical, window installation, et cetera. So I think Even an advanced level of manufacturing, from what's readily available, I think in most markets today with just the raw frame shell. So ICG is already starting to do some floor cassettes, which we think is kind of in that more advanced level offsite manufacturing. And as we look to this existing operation plus the places down the road, we think the real opportunity is to get into the more advanced manufacturing. We're certainly going to get benefits today from kind of the frame shell components of walls and trusses. But where we really see the benefit coming is in those more advanced manufacturing techniques. In terms of kind of the benefits, Stephen, we certainly believe that there's benefit there. I would highlight for you that this is a kind of single plant in a single market, so any impact in our overall reported results I think will be modest. But it's a big step for the company and a journey that we're really excited to take over the next two or three years.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Stephen, it's Ryan, I'll take the first piece of that. We are seeing continued strength and I think it's evidenced in our reported numbers for the fourth quarter on our first time entry level space. We had 57% year-over-year signup growth, which is pretty robust. So we're excited about that. We're excited about the continued investment that we've been making over the really the last two and a half years to meaningfully move the number of lots that we control that are specifically targeted to this first time space and so I like how our position there. Some of the changes that you speak to I think have certainly helped with the overall affordability equation in providing attractive and accessible financing to even more buyers. And I think that is all factored into the overall demand situation that we're seeing from the first time entry level buyer.
Ryan Marshall: Matt, it's a good question and I think it highlights the reason or maybe gives me an opportunity to reiterate the balanced mix and the balanced approach that we've – that we have tried to take with our business. And if I take you back to kind of late 2016, where we started talking about was an opportunity to shift about five points of our business out of move-up and into entry level. And you're starting to see the results in our closed home mix from that effort. What that yields. Just to give you some specific numbers, in the fourth quarter 43% of our signups were from our move-up business. So it continues to be the largest piece of our business. It's a very profitable piece of our business and it carries kind of our flagship brand of Pulte Homes. So we like our position. We have not abandoned it at all. Rather, I think we've more appropriately shaped the size of that business to be reflective of the market opportunity. We think we've also – the counterbalance to that is that we think we've gotten better position to take advantage of the first time opportunity as well. Suffice it to say, we don't have all of eggs in any one single basket and we like that.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, and Mike, the only other thing that I'd add to that is I think with the strength that you're seeing on the volume side, and we're starting to see some reduced inventory levels. I think certainly that would create an environment where all of the builders will have more pricing power. The thing that I think you'll see certainly us and all builders be cautious with is the affordability equation. We all saw what happened kind of in the back half of '18 when affordability became challenged and so pricing is one of the key levers in that mix, and I think we'll want to pay attention to that.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, I think the opportunity here, Mike is really twofold. Number one, we see it as a great opportunity to partner with the founders to speed up the innovation moving from the current version of frame shell into some of the more advanced manufacturing techniques. So that's something that we've been talking about, you've heard us talk about really for the last two or so years that we think there's a tremendous opportunity there. And then the other piece is with 80% of our closings coming out of our commonly managed plant portfolio. We see this opportunity really applying to other parts of our business besides just you know what it's going to provide in the North Florida market. So that's something that we think working with the founders of ICG we can really benefit from and other parts of the country. The biggest reason Mike and I can't overemphasize this enough, this is about labor. We have been talking about labor shortages in this industry for the last 10 years, give or take. There doesn't seem to be anything that's going to structurally change the availability of labor. And so the only logical off ramp that we see to that is getting more efficient. And one of the avenues that we think is the easiest – or the most easily accessible off ramp is to truly have a housing operation that can benefit from offsite production. And we see the unlock that it gives us on the tight labor supplies as a huge benefit.
Ryan Marshall: Hey, John, it's Ryan. We haven't given that level of detail yet. But I think what you highlight is what the real opportunity is. And that's certainly what we're focused on. As I mentioned in some of my prepared remarks, the level of innovation that it was – that was existing inside of ICG is one of the things that made it really attractive. So to your point, they have design services, or manufacturing precision components, we've got the ability to assemble those precision components with the onsite labor. And so the next logical step is some incremental investment. And then to kind of systematize in a way that you can do it in a volume type setting. And so, that's what the opportunity is and certainly what we're squarely focused on.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah. Alan thanks for the question. I appreciate it. As we mentioned today, what's coming out of ICG are the wall panels, the floor cassettes, and manufacturer trusses, we think there's an opportunity to go to the closed wall panels inclusive of windows, electrical, plumbing, et cetera. Work and investment has got to be done on that. I think you highlight the challenge that applies to all off site manufacturing not just kind of this second stage and its transportation. And so what that means is that you've got to have enough volume within a relatively close proximity such that the transportation costs don't offset the savings that you get from building those components in a more efficient way. So work to be done, investment to be done to figure that out, it has been done in other places in other applications. And so we think that the ability to do it is there. And then I think the next logical question is, well, why is this time going to be different? And it goes back to the question that I answered a few back which is labor and we just don't see labor rates going in a direction that will challenge the efficiencies that are gained from the manufacturing environment, which has happened in the past, but because of what I think is going to be a persistent shortage of labor, we really view this as a as a new opportunity to do something different.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, good morning, Jack. I appreciate the question. You're going to see us play on the higher end of the entry level price point. We have made some modifications to our typical built to order model and you heard that in Bob's prepared comments that we are building more specs in that business, to kind of meet the demand. That's there and so you saw a little bit of an uptick in our specs as a percentage of total inventory. And it's largely reflective of more specs in that entry level business. We are limiting the choice within our Centex model to drive some of the efficiencies that were in turn passing on to the consumer which really creates the affordability in the value that this first time buyer desire. So less choice, less ability to customize, but you're getting a really nice home and a lot of home for the money. And we think that's where the magic is. We'll continue to deliver the great customer experience, the high quality, the quality location of communities and I think all of our brands have been known for. I don't think you'll – well you won't see us probably go with the bare bones model the really small square footage model we just don't think that's part of the offering that we give to the consumer.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Jack. I think that the key message that I'd emphasize is we want a balanced business. I think you'll see it maybe it may go down a few points, it may go up a few points as opportunities arise. Our overall focus is going to continue to be the drive through cycle return on investment within the residential housing space. And so as we see trends emerge, we'll certainly take opportunities where they present themselves. But with the focus on being more balanced, I don't think you're going to see us place outsized bets in anticipation of some future trend. So we're pretty close to probably where we want to be, is probably the message that I leave with you. And as far as margins go to your other question, we like the margin profile that we're getting out of the entry level space. They're attractive margins. And it's really reflective of what Bob shared, which is, that's the place where we've seen the ability to get some price expansion. What I would emphasize Jack to the comment I made a minute ago about our focuses on return. We really look at the underwriting that business is the same as we look at move-up and the same as we look at active adult. So certainly gross margins are part of the story, but the real prize is return on invested capital. And we look at all of our consumer segments the same when it comes to return.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Ken its Ryan. Risk is just part of it. It's really about value in the eyes of the consumer. And so as we've looked at what the consumers willing to pay for, we believe that we're more efficient, more profitable, and manage risk better with the move-up and active adult buyer when they get the opportunity to choose the things that they value. And that's part of our strategic pricing model that is contributed to the margin profile that we have today that we're very proud of. We think with this entry level consumer, they value different things and affordability and access is probably the biggest driver. And so by limiting the amount of choice that we give, building a few more specs, having those homes quicker to deliver because this buyer in theory is coming out of an apartment. They just operate on a little bit different buying cycle than our move-up and our active adult buyer. And so it's less about risk and more about maximizing value and giving the consumer the things that they want and need.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Ken I think California as a whole it's been – the secret has been a drag and it's had – it's been a tougher selling environment for really the last 12 months, south and north, coastal and inland. In order of severity, I think northern California coastal probably being the hardest hit and the slowest. It also happens to be the place where we're starting to see some strength start to come back into the market. And so we're cautiously optimistic as we've got a very strong business or a nicely positioned business in Northern California in the Bay Area in particular. So probably the drag more on discounts and incentives that had to be – that were given to continue to sell homes in Northern California or the last 12 months.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Carl, look it's a big driver of return. And so I think the way that we look at inventory turns is breaking down what do you get on the house side and what do we get on the land side, with 80 some odd percent of our balance sheet being in land, that's the lever that can really move the needle on overall inventory turns. And it's a big reason why you've heard us talk about doing shorter duration land deals with more options because it drives right at the heart of the inventory turns equation. So the hope would be that we can continue to grow that, as we roll in more options as we roll off some of the cruise ship Del Webb's that you mentioned we'd look for opportunity to accelerate our land inventory turn. On the house side, that's a balance between really cycle time, how much labor is available and delivering a high quality product. And I think it's another reason why we've made the investment in ICG, is because it speaks to all of those. You've got an opportunity to build with more precise components that are sitting out in the rain and the snow. You've got the ability of the BIM modeling and some of the technology that factors into that. And we think we can cut cycle time as well. So we think there's an opportunity to kind of pull all the levers there with more efficient labor, higher quality materials, being more cost efficient. So we think there's a lot of goodness.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Mike, it's Bob. Obviously when we look at the business and how we want to project our margins going forward, the first start we've placed – the first place we start is our backlog. We've got a strong backlog coming into the year. So we know that pricing embedded in that. We think about how the business has performed largely over the last three months, as we've built that backlog. And so as an example, California, we've seen pricing get a little bit firmer out there, we've seen a little bit more volume. And so I guess, as simply as I could say, it's based on what we see in our backlog. We're not assuming price appreciation. I can tell you that as we look at vertical construction costs in fiscal '20, we see about a 1% increase. So relatively modest inflation, a lot of costs are obviously going to get a little more expensive as we move more recent into the surface of the portfolio. But again, that's all factored in, but we're not doing price appreciation in that guide.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, Matt, it's Bob. We – obviously, when you adjust for the current year, we come in around 10.8%. So the range that we've given shows some – even at the midpoint some improvement over that. Certainly we've talked about over the last couple of years that we've been on a journey on the IT side, the upgrades of our systems, as those systems get put in place, we're actually starting to depreciate them now. So we've got some costs associated with that, so really nothing new or unusual in that. It's really just being able to leverage the increased scale of the business.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Hey, Mike, just to clarify, that improvement was included in the guide, not outside the guide. So that's just reflecting that the range for the year actually goes a little bit higher than what we prepared for the first quarter. In terms of pricing power, I think if you look at our ASP, during the quarter, it's roughly flat on an aggregate basis. But you've actually got a decrease in the entry level, which is really a reflection of the types of assets we're providing there. There's actually – if there's any pricing, real pricing power in the market, I think it's there and I think it has been for probably the last year or two. We showed about 4% up on the move-up and active adult, so I think there isn't a real substantive change in the product we're delivering. But I think that gives you some insight into what the pricing power is around that mix always matters where the markets, it comes from all that. But on balance, I would say you've got more power to price in the entry level, although they are price sensitive. So there's a limit to how far you can push that. But we're seeing prices holding go up a little bit in the balance of the business.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, I wouldn't, because none of them are individually significant. If we get, they were we would have walked it through them. I would characterize the total of it as being somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 basis points of margin impact on the quarter.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, it's going to sound a little bit redundant and boring, but it's kind of the same playbook we've been working from for the last several years. We pulled every lever this year, we bought stock, we increased our dividend, we retired some debt, we've invested in the business, we've indicated we'll be investing more this year, obviously, we've got an investment we just made an ICG and I think you'll continue to see all of those things be in our windshield. We obviously expect pretty strong cash generation in fiscal '20. What we've highlighted and been consistent with I think is we'll report the news on the share repurchase activity. But I think any and all of those are still front of mine, but nothing new or different to report beyond that.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, I think like everything else, it is the health of the economy, first and foremost, so you've got wage inflation, you have relatively slower price appreciation, there's – rate certainly helps if it's benefiting, so all those things coupled together. One of the earlier questions talked about sort of the big move for a lot of the builders to the entry level, which has to a degree than doubt, the competitive set. So supply is in pretty good shape, both from a new build perspective and we've got a healthy supply in just about every market where we're operating today in terms of days on market for resale, which is our biggest competitor. So I think all those things together have lent themselves to a pretty nice business for us at 29% absorption increase, 4% price appreciation is pretty nice. So we like the business and I'll parent what Ryan said earlier, it's the reason we're not making a big bet one way or the other. We think through time being able to serve in each of the markets where we operate that of consumers that are there and it's going to be different, for instance, in some parts of Florida than what it is in some parts of the Midwest, right, so that – we're looking at each market and investing to serve a balanced portfolio in the market where we're operating.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, it's interesting. On the land side it's a competitive market. You've heard us say this before, it always is. I think you'll see certain parts of the country and certain asset classes being more competitive than others. But I think we're going to see continued land pressure. We see it in the land coming through and closing today. And I don't think land is on sale. In terms of the labor and materials, on the material side we've got a little bit of a tailwind in the first half of the year. reflective of the decreasing price of lumber and the lumber package in the back half of last year which will affect our closings now. But we've seen lumber tick up a little bit not bad, but a little bit so we think that'll moderate through the year. All the other real – other than concrete, which is always local to a market, we see a pretty benign material inflation rate. Labor is as you've heard us talk about and the reason for the ICG investment, always a little bit of a wild card. It's been better the last 12 months and so our expectation is that we don't see a lot of pressure on labor rate. That's going to vary by market. But obviously, we think about 1% up overall. Once again, that's going to largely be labor, just given the way that the materials market is behaving.
