Robert Shaughnessy: Mike, it's Bob. I think the -- it's $150 million, not $250 million. And what we are seeing is that we've been able to capture the $100 million. We believe that we'll capture the $50 million. I don't think it's necessary to get into the pluses and minuses on the ongoing business, suffice to say we think we've got a little bit of increase in costs relative to our expectations coming into it. So that we think on a net basis, we've got about $125 million net saved. With respect to the spend that we had this year, we think we'll earn back about what they've cost us to do the restructuring in the second quarter. So you can expect to see that sort of -- and again was $12 million. So you can expect that sort of to be paid back in fiscal '11 and then followed by full year $50 million saved in fiscal '12.
Robert Shaughnessy: I think that's exactly right. The goal would be to be efficient and not to overpay if we think the market is asking for that.
Robert Shaughnessy: Yes, David, this is Bob. I will preface this by saying I'm not exactly sure what you thought you heard. I don't believe we ever expressed that we had looked at the whole loan portfolio to do this. I think it was really a -- because there was not a lot of clarity into that. What we did do is look at the level of loans coming back to us. The dollar value, the severity of each claim, most of these are now make-whole provision requests. So the home has actually already been foreclosed upon and sold by the bank. So we're not taking the loan back again, so there's an ongoing risk on that. And just how many of the requests that come to us that we actually ultimately fund. And so again, I guess looking back at the accounting that was done, the company made an estimate that you would see a reduction during 2011, such that this sort of unusual or outside return request that's been coming over the last 18 months or so would decline and start to slow down. And what we're saying is that, that hasn't happened. Again, we understand that the loan holders are going through their portfolio of loans, looking for issues, and it was the company's expectation then that, that process would be coming to an end in 2011. We just haven't seen that mitigate quite as quickly as we thought. So our expectation is now to go another year.
Robert Shaughnessy: Sure, I'll walk you through it. We are seeing in the current year, for example, on our actual current gross margin, the decline is primarily attributable to the impact of incremental interest expense flowing through the margin line. It's about 170 basis points in this quarter. What will happen is we think for the balance of this year, you will see interest capitalized in excess of interest expense that flows through cost of sales. We think that will normalize in 2012 such that -- in 2012, interest expense and actual interest expense and interest coming through gross margin will about equalize. That is roughly a $40 million increment in our projected interest expense in 2012. So again, it will move our net margin. Obviously, we are focused on enhancing the margins as Richard walked through, trying to make sure we can get the most out of the house.
Robert Shaughnessy: I think the right way to look at this is, again, the variables that we see can identify our -- how much is coming out and how often can we refute it, what's the severity. Each of those things can and may change over time. We haven't seen a substantive increase or decrease in any of those variables with the exception of time. And so I would tell you, we watch this every quarter. And so if we saw a meaningful change in any one of those things, it could drive some accounting. But I think with respect to time, that really what will tell us that answer. So 6 months from now, again, if we see things trending up, we may have to think about it one way. If we see things trending down, we may get to challenge some of the accounting we've done. So again, all the inputs is impacted.
Robert Shaughnessy: Joshua, on a relative basis, I think that's a fair thing to say. If we saw a tripling of the amounts that we are responsible for. It could drive up a number of an equal size. I haven't done the math to say, "Well, if this changes by this much, what happens to the accounting?" Because again, those things have been very consistent. I'm not saying they will be in the future. Our hope would be actually that as the holders have gone through the majority of what we hope is their really troubled portfolio, that we'll see -- again, our expectation originally was that it would slow down now. We hope it will soon. Similarly, we hope that maybe our ability to refute these will become more pronounced. So again, I think you can't tell what's going to happen, but we haven't seen those numbers jumping around such that you'd get a big accounting answer.
Robert Shaughnessy: And exactly that what Richard said is a good point, yes, that we -- the reason we believe that they've gotten through a lot of their truly troubled portfolio.
Robert Shaughnessy: Sure. The land spend -- obviously, the spend for this year is already sort of in the books. We've got projects under way, we're developing, we have forecast cash utilization for investment in land for 2012. Our planning process here will happen over the next probably 8 to 10 weeks. And what we are going to ask people to do is maybe be more stringent in how they expend capital, not necessarily on new land, but development dollars. You have to remember though that there's a pretty big amount of money that we spend each year associated with HOAPs, taxes just on the land position we've got. So there's a limit to how much we can really do. The goal would be, let's look at what the business can generate based on what we think in terms of cash. Let's make sure that our investment in land going forward is reflective of that generative capacity and then think about the capital structure. Obviously, we bought back some debt in June. It was presented to us. It is short-dated. It was cash-accretive in terms of the investments. So we took the opportunity to do that. And so in my sort of windshield, I've got the next 2 years of maturities, which are $100 million in '12 and $200 million-ish in '13. Those are pieces of paper that we would think about. And then obviously, the outer years where we've got more significant maturities, we think about capital market transactions at the same time as we're looking at how much cash we can generate for the business. And again, no capital market consideration. I'm not trying to raise that. I'm just saying, as we look forward as part of the '12 planning process and look out '12, 13, '14, we want to make sure that we're in a position to address everything in the most efficient way we can.
Robert Shaughnessy: Well, I guess I'll answer it a little obliquely if that's okay. We are -- I have been impressed by the people on a lot of levels. This is an industry that certainly has a lot of headline issues with it. The company has had a difficult 5 years, and I am really impressed by the fact that people are engaged. There is an active involvement and a desire to do better. And on some level, I was sort of expecting people to maybe have been beaten down a little bit by this, I mean, significant job loss. And so I think it is -- I think that's a testament to the people working here. I'm also intrigued by the opportunities. Richard has laid them out in some fair level of detail, the ability -- you never like to eliminate SG&A as a way to get profitability, but I -- but it is necessary in this case, and I think we've done a lot. The other positive is that all of this margin expansion is well within our control. So if we design good houses, build them well, we can improve margin and so -- without necessarily the increase in pricing. So again, I'm intrigued by that. Certainly, the way capital is deployed in this business is a little different than I'm used to. So it took a little while for me to kind of wrap my head around that. And so I think there are opportunities there, but you want to do things judiciously. So I think as we go through the planning process, we'll get our hands around collectively what we think is the best way to invest capital.
Robert Shaughnessy: Well, where we see it for fiscal '11 is about $530-ish million, and then again that includes the restructuring costs that we incurred so sort of normalized to $525 million.
Robert Shaughnessy: And Megan, I would say nothing unusual or weird in our cancellation trends that -- I think that's up slightly from what we had in Q1, but nothing that really concerns us. We haven't really seen a real meaningful change in the environment one way or another.
Richard Dugas: Mike, this is Richard. A couple of things. Yes, we have seen pricing relatively stable through the quarter, and actually we've been pleased with that overall. As it relates to how that plays into our overall land investment strategy, I think what we're indicating is that land deals that pencil are getting harder and harder to find because while there's not a lot of decline in pricing, there's also not a lot of upward movement in pricing. So our focus is to be as capital efficient as possible. And part of the work that we have ongoing right now is to drive better returns, and that's indicating being more and more efficient with assets. So as it relates to future land investment, look for us to be cautious to ensure that we're meeting or exceeding our own hurdle rates and not to get too bullish anytime soon. We'd certainly like to be able to do more with less. And with that, I don't know, Bob, if you want to add any color.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Josh, this is Richard. That's outside the bailiwick. I assume you mean to build rental housing. I mean, we certainly build a cash for-sale house as part of our portfolio, but that's not part of what we're interested in.
Richard Dugas: Yes, David, this is Richard. I've been pleasantly surprised that it does not appear to have had much of an impact overall, and candidly, that's a little bit surprising to me. But I've spoken to our operators this week, and pretty current information would suggest it has not had a significant impact. I suppose if they were to default, it's possible that it could and certainly, nobody could predict that. It's been a little frustrating for everybody to watch what's going on, but overall, we feel reasonably good with where things are.
Richard Dugas: Alan, this is Richard. Given the price points we operate at, we have done some looks into that, and the impact for us would appear to be negligible, less than 1% or 2%. It has not impacted the current demand nor do we expect it to if it were to change, which we hope it doesn't.
Richard Dugas: Yes, this is Richard. I can speak to that a little bit. It really is a combination of several things. I would say the most tangible and direct impact, and we have a large effort that's been ongoing for several months and it will continue, is around house costs, big, big focus on reducing house costs. So that's a piece of it. Another piece of it is a continued focus on presale versus spec, and that's definitely helped our margins this year. And we expect it to continue to help in the balance of this year and in the next year. A third area is just looking on our overall pricing, overall, and then finally would be mix. It's no surprise, I don't think anyone at Del Webb and Pulte continue to have a little bit higher percentage of closings versus Centex, given what we've seen in the overall markets. But of those, Alan, it's very difficult to break down exactly the percentage coming from each of those. But we've said, we expect meaningful margin improvements through all of those over the next several years, and this is an effort that you should think about being slow but steady sequential improvement, barring any significant change in the macro environment. And we know we're behind our peer group, and we're determined to catch up.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Nishu, we continue to see relatively nice performance in Del Webb and Pulte, and we're not disappointed with our Centex performance either. It's been within expectations, and kind of that's the watchword through Q2 is the market has been very stable, our month-to-month trends have been very stable. But perhaps Mike can provide a little more detail by brand for you.
Richard Dugas: Which is consistent with what we said in Q1, but that was a relatively significant change versus the early part of last year when we saw an outperformance in Centex. So maybe for everybody listening, I would suggest that it's not a case of weakness in the entry level. It's more a case of normalization in the entry level versus the clear tax credit impact of last year.
Richard Dugas: Nishu, on a relative basis, it's still pretty inelastic. That doesn't mean that on a few select particularly lower entry-level communities, that you can't drive a little bit of pace with price. But again, with a company with 800 communities, I would say our incentive levels have been very consistent, our overall pricing trends have been very consistent. And the way I look at it internally is for every community where we lower price slightly, we have an offsetting community, say in the D.C. area or one of our other stronger market, that we're increasing price slightly. But it has been really very stable. Like I mentioned a second ago, order trends, April, May, June, very consistent. So I don't think the market is getting worse. I don't think the market is getting a little better, and that would indicate price is not a big driver.
Richard Dugas: Joshua, this is Richard. I just want to add one slight point to what Bob said. Remember, the vintage we're dealing with here has not really changed in terms of the troubled timeframe, which is primarily '06 and '07. So the further we get from that in time, our expectations are that at some point in time, it's going to slow down. Unfortunately, it hasn't slowed quite as quickly as we anticipated, but that's still our expectations.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Steve, good question. Let me answer them a little bit in reverse. With regard to central versus decentralized, what we have really keenly become focused on is that the business is very local and/or regional. It's not very national. And frankly, it's important to be sizable in local markets in order to drive efficiencies. So therefore, continuing to push responsibility and ownership to the field is the direction we're headed. Now that doesn't mean necessarily that each individual market has to be unique, but with certainly within zones, we're seeing a lot of similarities. So -- but in general, away from home office to the field environment, whether that side of division or an area or region level, if you will. With regard to land, we do have a pretty intense effort under way to understand capital and asset efficiency. And candidly, we are evaluating and rethinking some of the way we've invested in the past. And I think we have been focused on a long land position for a long time, and without a meaningful recovery in sight any time soon, we're going to have to be more efficient with the current assets we have. So a renewed focus and candidly increased focus on asset turn is something that we're really evaluating internally. So Bob has been very helpful in that analysis as have all of our operators. So we've got the prongs of -- and we mentioned earlier, margin and SG&A, which are kind of operational and then asset turns, which clearly are operational but also more strategic from the home office that we're looking at, we'll have to see what the future brings with regards to that. But you can count on us to want to be more capital-efficient than we've been in the past.
Richard Dugas: Let me answer them in reverse, and I'll ask Bob to take the cash flow land question. On the Del Webb side and the mix component there, to be clear, we said it was consistent Q1 to Q2. So that still implies a nice business in Del Webb and Pulte that we experienced in Q1 continuing in Q2, and that's been relatively consistent throughout the country. We're seeing movement in Arizona, we're seeing movement in Florida and some of our Southeast Webb positions and Pulte positions as well. So again, I don't want to imply that there's been a recent change in demand trends between our brands. Bob, I don't know if you want to tackle a little bit more land spend and cash expectations.
Richard Dugas: I mean, Dan, a couple of things there. First of all, long-term goal would be to drive that number well below 20%, maybe even lower than that if we could. Of course you have the impact of cancellations during the quarter that generates specs you didn't intend. So I think we can drive that number meaningfully lower. We have gotten very, very focused on the impact of margin growth, SG&A performance as 2 better, frankly, drivers of return than volume, particularly at the margins that we've been at overall. So you can expect to see a meaningful decline in those spec numbers through this year and hopefully beyond as well.
Richard Dugas: Megan, this is Richard. I think you're likely to see a fairly seasonal, typical seasonal increase in closings in Q3 and Q4. I mean, we intend to deliver our backlog, and we've got a pretty big backlog now. So that's definitely going to help. And as we indicated, we expect to be profitable in the back half of the year. As it relates to 2012, that's going to completely be dependent on the sales environment for the second half of the year, and we don't intend to put tremendous inventory in the market, frankly, regardless of what the demand environment bears. But that doesn't scare us at all. Frankly, it excites us because we're getting to the point where margin and SG&A moving in the correct directions, which is opposite from each other, is going to allow us to enjoy better results than we have had. And we talk a lot about that, but I don't know what our convergence is going to be in the 2012. But you can expect us to deliver a good percentage of our backlog over the next couple of quarters.
Richard Dugas: I think we thought we had as well, Bob. But without a sustained industry recovery, we looked again. And we consolidated what was 4 areas into 3, and then we had some associated division consolidations on top of that, plus some changes at home office. So it's a variety of things overall, nothing, no one thing stood out beyond the others. But listen, when business is this tough this long, we decided last year and it's continued into this year to look at building it from the ground up, what we absolutely have to have. And that's a little different view versus justifying why we need what we have had. So very difficult, as Bob indicated, to do this, but it's been a responsible thing to do.
Richard Dugas: Unfortunately, not at this time. We do expect margin growth the balance of this year and barring some change in the economic environment that would be terrible from here, further gains in 2012. But we'll have more to say about that as we get closer to the year overall. But unfortunately, I don't have any color or detail for you now.
Richard Dugas: Mike, a couple of things. First of all, we grew our community count rather dramatically in August of 2009 when we merged with Centex, and we have a lot of work under way to monetize those assets appropriately and focus them aggressively. So that's part of it. The second part of it is when you have such a large community count, the percentage delta from there is a little more difficult, perhaps. The third thing is we have not been focused on 5- or 10-lot transactions. I know a few in the space have been, which technically adds communities. And for what it's worth, I think this is one of the most misunderstood metrics in the entire industry. A Del Webb committee as an example, that has the opportunity today to deliver a couple of hundred units a year, and in a good environment, 500 or 600 units a year is not the same as a community of 20 or 30 lots. So I personally do not buy the argument that it's necessary to have community count growth in order to drive incremental revenue or sign-ups. Obviously, it's helpful, but anyway, that's a little commentary. One other thing, land deals that pencil in today's environment are getting tougher to find. And I think the distress harvest, if you will, was primarily a late '09 and 2010 event. They're getting more difficult to find in '11, and we don't want to lower our underwriting criteria in a still murky environment. We'd rather continue to focus on what's still a substantially very large base of business and drive our revenue from that primarily. Doesn't mean we don't want to be opportunistic. As you can see, this year, we still expect to deliver about 15% of our closings from distressed assets purchased in the last 18 or 24 months. That compares to less than 5% last year. So it's not like we're not paying attention, but the community count metric itself is fraught with some differences, candidly, even into how builders report them. So we're not overly focused on that.
Richard Dugas: Well, I'll offer 2 reasons. The most important is that over the last 3 or 4 years, virtually no land has been entitled or processed in the country, so that the easy pickings, if you will, of finished lot inventory are largely gone, except for a few scattered deals available here and there. So now you're into a raw land decision, and a lot of the raw land has been controlled by folks who are a little more patient with their investment and frankly, looking for a little better environment. So one or two things have to happen, either land prices have to fall or Homebuilding environment has to get better to allow you to pay more for the existing land. And we haven't reached either one of those. But the big picture issue, which is going to be talked about a lot in this industry whenever we get a reasonable recovery, is where is all the land. And that's why we continue to have been pleased with our decision not to be short-term focused with regard to the way we focused on land. We looked at it over a longer view. So that's my view.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Mike. Clearly, the 2 work together, right? I think our view and the way we mean it when we say it like that is that, we can have a meaningful recovery in our overall financial results with even 10% better demand overall from here. And I don't think supply is going anywhere in the next couple of years. Foreclosure inventory is going to stay high. So what's going to happen in all likelihood is when there is a little better consumer confidence environment, you'll see demand pick up. Probably you'll see a supply decrease at the same time, but we've got a real consumer confidence issue today. And I guess pick your poison as to whether you think it's supply or whether you think it's demand. We continue to believe that in the new home industry, we have paired back construction so aggressively, it's clearly not a problem today, new home construction. And we are not overbuilt today overall. So our view is that if you get consumer confidence back a little bit, it can meaningfully impact demand, which I guess to your point will take supply down. So I see your point. That's just the way we're looking at it.
Richard Dugas: Well, that's the time we have for the call today. As I said earlier, we know you have a busy schedule. We're certainly available as time allows for any follow-up questions. Thanks very much.
