Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Steve, this is Richard. A couple of things. To give you a perspective on the timing, in the Texas zone, which we're furthest along, we could be upwards of 80% or 90% through there by the end of '14. But our Northeast zone, which is our last one, just got started a month or 2 ago. So probably a 2- to 3-year timeframe for us to get to that 70% number commonly managed. We're going as quickly as we can, but it takes a while to kind of reposition the plans. In terms of the differential, we do see better margins on those products. Depending on the plan, it can be a couple of hundred basis points. But I will also tell you that some of the benefits we're trying to get as early as we can, through value engineering, should cost-ing some of the work that we started a couple of years ago. And then probably one of the things we've been most pleased with in the process is that we're getting better, sales pace from the product. The product is actually consumer validated, and it's, frankly, better floor plans. A good example would be our active adult Del Webb floor plans, where we are completely implemented in our Texas and Southeast zones. And now we're in the middle of converting all our Del Webb product in the Midwest, which we call our central zones, in that product. So we're excited about that. And I think the last part of your question was related to pricing. Yes. Pricing has certainly been a good thing for us this year. We continue to get price in some communities. Although, as indicated, in some, we've had to put a few select incentives in places. Regarding pricing on the commonly managed plans, overall, we've been real pleased with the results we've had there.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. It's mostly with regard to option packages that we've been offering. And it's a very limited number of communities. And frankly, not, we don't believe, significantly material to our overall margin results overall. We've been pleased, and we've been very targeted.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Will, it's going to be a mix. As Bob indicated, we've got 175 new communities, approximately, we're going to open next year, and they are in all flavors and sizes. Generally, a little bit smaller with regard to sort of our legacy book, if you will. But we still have a large portion of Del Webb communities that have a long legacy book out in front of them. And as Bob indicated, we're seeing better results from the Del Webb category. So probably not materially different than this year, relative to the overall mix of communities and size, which is one of the reasons we continue to highlight that, that's not the best metric to drive our business.
Richard J. Dugas: Alan, this is Richard. I'll add one thing. We generally have seen higher margins on the deals that we've acquired over the last 2 or 3 years than from our legacy book. So we're pleased with what we've been able to find. I think it's partly a result of the fact that we've been what I would say is very selective with our land acquisition strategy. And then just lastly, it's not directly related to your question, though, we do see opportunity for margin improvement from here in the next few quarters that we have visibility into.
Richard J. Dugas: Listen, we believe that the economy is continuing to show slow and steady progress. We're not in the camp that it's going to get euphoric anytime soon. But we still have very limited supply of housing out there. That's a key driver. We still have, on a relative basis, low interest rates. In hindsight, I think the speed at which rates went up was as big a factor in the pause that we've seen as much as the actual rate increases themselves. And then, when you combine that with the fact that entitlements are taking longer in general, I think all builders are commenting on that, I don't see a huge influx of supply coming on the market anytime soon. So with slowly but steadily improving demand and supply being held in check, we're optimistic as we get into next year. I think the pause that we've kind of recently seen is not necessarily a bad thing over the long run. So we're in the camp that it's likely temporary.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Mike, this is Richard. Our trends were generally stable through the quarter. We saw things modestly slow through the quarter, although, as noted, when we added a few, and I want to emphasize a few, very select community incentives kind of in the mid-September range, we did see that help our absorptions at the end of September and into October. When you kind of look at it overall, it was a reasonably flat performance over the quarter with kind of a slight trend down through the quarter until we got to the last couple of weeks of September. And I think it's reflective of pricing that was quite high in some communities, along with buyer concern over rates. And some of those things appear to begin to ebb as we got to the end of the quarter into early October. But I don't have any specifics in terms of numbers for you.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Bob, this is Richard. Listen, we think we've done a really nice job. The leverage is certainly going to somewhat volume dependent. We'll have to kind of see how the year unfolds next year. If you're asking do we plan gross SG&A levels to come down from here, I don't think that's very likely. On the other hand, we want to monitor SG&A. So I guess the way I'd think about it if I were you is we are extremely committed to an ROIC story that is driven by gross margins, SG&A leverage, inventory turn. So I'd look for us to pay attention to all 3 of those.
Richard J. Dugas: Our perspective is it hasn't changed much. And in particular, for the first-time buyer, it hasn't changed much. QM has codified what people can approve as a loan. Essentially, what we think is happening as it relates to competition is, as rates went up, the refinance business that the banks had been very aggressively pursuing dried up. You've seen some of the headlines about some of the downsizing of workforces at the big banks that were big mortgage originators. And so they've got machines that need to be fed, and so I think we're pursuing new money originations. And so we've had to compete with them in order to retain the business. And we like the business because we think it protects our backlog. So it's forced us to be -- try and be more competitive on rate.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Adam, this is Richard. I would suggest a couple of things. Number one, the buyer has historically been a little bit later than the other buyer categories to sort of return to the market. So we're not surprised that Webb continues to, at this stage, begin to sort of come into its own. And we are seeing better results there. And, as you'll rightly note, we have quite a bit of leverage opportunity if it continues. The other piece I've mentioned to you is the commonly managed plans. We have chosen to begin our efforts with the Del Webb product, and we have had nothing short of fantastic results in both Texas and the Southeast, where we've introduced our new commonly managed active adult Del Webb product. I mentioned earlier, we're rolling that now to the Midwest, and we expect to have it in the Southwest at some point early in 2014. So as time goes on, we think we've got an excellent product offering to meet what's hopefully a growing demand category.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Eli, this is Richard. We are being really disciplined with our process, as we have been. So we're using our risk-weighted criteria. And frankly, that's leading to a pretty diverse implementation of land spend across the system. Places that we've underinvested in the past, we continue to invest in to help position ourselves. A good example is Minnesota. We've highlighted before, we've put quite a bit of money into Minnesota. Georgia, actually, is a market that has recently, the last 6 to 12 months, come on. We're putting a good bit of capital to work there with really good results. So it's not just one market, if you will, that's getting the lion's share of the investment. With regard to 2014, I think it's fair to say that we have limited to virtually no ability to impact '14 at this point with land. The dollars that we're putting to work now are for '15 and '16. So again, we're really pleased that our community count is going to be stable next year, all year, which shows that we're able to get some of the increased investment to work a little bit sooner than we have planned for. And we're happy because the investments that we're making, we believe, are very high-quality investments.
Richard J. Dugas: And David, to maybe add a little more clarity, we believe that over a period of time, the balance that we're showing with regard to the priority being toward land investment when it makes sense in the smartest deals, and then other uses of capital returned to shareholders in addition to that, we believe, will drive the best ultimate long-term shareholder return. So just to reiterate to Bob's point, it's not an either/or. It's a combination. And we worked ourselves into a position where we can be very flexible.
Richard J. Dugas: Steve, it's Richard. Most of the investment we've been making is in that Pulte brand, with some select Del Webb investment and select Centex investment. So I would suspect that we're going to continue to get really good returns on projects. But by nature of the investment, if you had to say is it going to be more margin- or a pace-driven, because it's Pulte or Del Webb, I would suggest margin would get as much play versus the turn side. In terms of mortgage availability, and it's accommodation for the first-time buyer, as Bob indicated, it's still tight out there. The QM rules have sort of defined the underwriting box. And credit is not particularly easy to get for that buyer category. And I suspect that's partly why we're not seeing the best return opportunities in that category. So we certainly hope that, that opportunity presents itself. And we'll continue to play in that space, clearly. But I'd suggest the majority of our business is going to be driven by the Pulte and Del Webb side over the next 12 to 24 months.
Richard J. Dugas: Steve, I'll try to answer as best I can. Most of the acquisition we've done over the past 2 or 3 years has been communities that have a 2-, 3-, 4-year life. So I would suggest that the long-lived land assets that we have are going to continue for a while, and a lot of those are in Del Webb. So those -- that specific small group, but they have a lot of lots associated with them. We clearly could not modify to accommodate the entry-level buyer. On the other hand, we'll be cycling through, as Bob indicated, 175 new communities next year. I don't know how many in 2015. I would suggest we can be reasonably flexible with regard to new investment. But I think to turn existing investment from one category to another is probably not that easy.
Richard J. Dugas: Dan, I'll answer that as best I can. I'm not sure I get exactly the question. But we are seeing some really high-quality assets that we're investing in, so we feel comfortable investing in those. We also continue to continually canvass our operations in the field. And they believe, using the very selective, disciplined criteria we have, that they can put money to work in a relatively low-risk way. So while we are an increasing investment, and clearly we are, we're not throwing the kitchen sink at it. We're being very selective. So I feel like the discipline that we have is very helpful. The other thing that certainly gets us more comfortable is the fact that our operational progress, if you will, our mousetrap is much more efficient than it was 12 or 24 months ago. I mean, we're getting exceptionally good returns, we believe. And that gives us increasing confidence that, provided we're smart with our land buying, we can make it return for us. Certainly, we have more confidence in that now than we did a couple of years ago.
Richard J. Dugas: And, Jay, to be crystal clear, to answer that another way, if you look into '15 or '16, which we're buying land for now, we're not assuming pace or price changes from what we have today. It's a static view in the way we look at it.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Jay, it's a little bit of both. And frankly, in some Del Webb communities where we have 2,000 lots left, we're much better off driving pace than price. In other communities, I can think of one in Charlotte where we're winding down the last phases, we're driving price really hard because we only have a year or 2 left before we open up a new community. So it's a blend. I would say the general trend is we prefer pace over price to drive higher returns in Del Webb because of the lot count we have associated with them. Having said that, that buyer category is probably the least price-resistant regarding options, regarding premiums or even base price. So we're trying to be smart about it. And you saw the results of that in Q3.
Richard J. Dugas: Ken, I'll challenge your opening comment a little bit, if you don't mind. This is Richard. We implemented a new pricing strategy a couple of years ago where we started dissecting every single component of price. And I think most of our operators would tell you we are among the price leaders in markets today. And frankly, given the fact that we're dissecting all the pieces of price, we think, kind of like the airlines are charging you for every little individual option or seat choice, we're getting lot premium, we're getting margin -- or excuse me, we're getting base price, we're getting option revenue, and we're lowering discounts where we can. And while that sounds very rudimentary, we were not as disciplined in that years ago. So I would tell you we are doing our best, and it fits with our strategy. We have not been as aggressive as some peers with regard to acquisition of land. We're trying our best to maximize the value of what we have. We feel it fits our disciplined land strategy. So I just wanted to start out by saying we believe, in our case, we're a little bit of price takers. Having said that, we obviously operate in a competitive environment. And we're not unique overall. So we've had to be responsive, but even with the selected incentives that we introduced here in the last 6 or 8 weeks, I'll emphasize it was very selective. We were very conscious not to go across-the-board and just say, "Let's lower price x percent just to get more volume." It was extremely targeted. So sorry to be so long winded. I hope that helped.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Ken, again, we're not giving volume guidance for next year at all. But here's what I'll tell you. The way we look at that is by community-by-community. We have some communities right now, frankly, where we're sold out through Q2 of next year. There's no reason to drive pace or to focus on any incentives there. We have other communities where we've got a couple of more homes left to sell yet for December closings. There, we would be a little bit more selective in focusing on pace. So it's very difficult to give you a generalized answer there. It's more community-by-community.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. It's municipal staffs, frankly. After the downturn, it doesn't appear that a lot of municipalities have ramped up their hiring enough to keep up with the demand. So it's not just the rate of dollars that you want to put into the market, it's the actual pace at which you can get communities open. And we're seeing those slip 2, 3, 4 months relatively routinely. And it's municipal delays in both the entitlement process, as well as sort of the final approvals on your final construction plans for land development, things like that. To be honest with you, Mike, not unexpected. I think, if I could guarantee anything over the next several years, it would be that entitlement times will get lengthened in this industry. It just seems like that's the way it works.
Richard J. Dugas: It's almost exclusively around option packages that have been offered at better pricing packages. Spend $20,000 with us in options and get $5,000 off, that type of thing. Very little, if any, movement -- I don't think we've done base price changes hardly anywhere. And it's been mostly around incentives and options.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes. Nishu, I was speaking on an adjusted basis, if you will, excluding interest. But Bob did give some commentary that we expect capitalized interest to fall as well next year.
Richard J. Dugas: Nishu, I appreciate the comments and the complements. It's -- frankly, it depends on what you call normalized in this industry, right? If we got anywhere back to normalized volumes, we could have some exciting numbers. Here's what I would tell you. You have to be realistic about the fact that land prices are going up, there's no question about that, which will have some diminishing or pushdown effect, if you will, on margins. Having said that, we're running a different business: the commonly managed plans, the pricing initiatives, if you will. So I'll put it to you this way. We've been very pleased that we've been able to exceed our own internal plans for margin expansion at this stage. The market's going to kind of dictate where we go from here, but look for us to continue to move on the things that we can control ourselves. Mix is also going to certainly play a role here. We certainly benefited from a mix toward Pulte and toward Del Webb and away from Centex, which historically is more of a pace business. So all of that's going to get cooked into the kettle. But we have visibility for a couple of quarters, and as I indicated to Alan, we see the opportunity for margin from here to go up based on the visibility we have today.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, when we buy, we focus on returns. So as we acquire land, we're somewhat agnostic to margin. We're thinking about what's the return capability. So some of those communities may have a -- I'll make up a number, a 20% margin but a 30% return. And similarly, you could have a transaction that has a 27% return with 25% margin. So yes, the mix will matter. Again, what we're really trying to work through is how to get the highest return out of each land asset, Will.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, it's hard to answer that intelligently because the market moves. The price -- market has improved in the last 2 years. So the assets that we bought then, even if they were finished lot option deals that we didn't expect great margins on, and we're getting them -- so again, as we look at this, I would tell you we're finding transactions and approving transactions that meet our return requirement. Some of them are going to be higher margins than others. It really varies on how we're buying land.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Okay. Mike, I will answer the second one first, if that's okay. We -- you had raised this, I think it was, a call or 2 ago, and we said we'd look at it. And we did, actually. And what we found was that, although you see some people doing that, there's inconsistency between internal and external commission. And so I don't know that you'd get -- even if we switched, it doesn't -- it would depend on how we switched. And you wouldn't get consistency throughout the space, anyway. So again, we'll always continue to look as to how we report versus our peers, but we're pretty comfortable with where we are. And then on cap interest, the good news is that because of the deleveraging that we've done, our cash interest expense is down about $15 million quarter-over-quarter and will continue to trend down as we've paid down our debt. As it relates to the amortization, it's really not a revenue-based concept. It's -- we have given some guidance coming into the year that cap interest expense would actually be up this year by about $60 million. That's based on closings, essentially. And so it's weighted towards the back half of the year. So if you look year-over-year, the amortization of interest expense was up $11 million in this quarter versus last year, which is about 20%. And you would expect to see, based on closings, higher interest expense next quarter to fill that bucket of the incremental $60 million that we talked about at the beginning of the year. Going forward, I think it is fair to say we will see a decline in interest expense amortization. We've got less capitalized interest to amortize, and we're capitalizing less as we go. So I think you'll see a benefit on the income statement related to interest next year.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Good question, and it is one we've spent time thinking about. We've indicated, and consistently, I think, that we think the best place to invest is in the business. We get the best return there and continue to believe that. But as Richard highlighted, we want to make sure that we're buying the best land assets that we can to drive the best returns over time that we can. And so our belief is that, if we try to invest too quickly, some of our managers would likely be forced to take the third or fourth option, which might be okay but not great. And we'd prefer to stay in stuff that we feel really comfortable with. As it relates to dividends and share repurchases, since we have a big cash position, we can make selection almost exclusive of what we think we're going to do on the land side. Obviously, we've lost some stock last quarter at about $15.79 a share and have obviously now got the dividend going. That's something that we would look at and talk about internally with the board, but mutually exclusive decisions.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well, it's not as if we set out to say we want to buy x number of shares. And so it's not a programmed trade. Essentially, what we do is we look at the activity that we're seeing in the market, or we looked at the activity we were seeing at the market. Clearly, when we set the program in place, we talked about, internally, what levels we were comfortable buying at. And so over the course of the trading period, it just sort of happened that, that was the volume that we were able to acquire at prices that we were comfortable with.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Well -- and remember, they're separate conversations at this point because of our cash position. So it's not as if we're saying we are going to acquire stock in lieu of investing in land. We are investing in land, and that's a process that we go through, and we're buying back shares. And so it's not as if we're borrowing to do it that puts us in a position to make an either/or choice.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: It depends on the nature of the transaction. Some things that we've underwritten absolutely have lower margins than we're experiencing today. Some are at or higher than. It all depends on the return characteristics of the specific transaction.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Essentially, when we underwrite a transaction and -- our expectations are predicated on pricing and paces. When we underwrite the transaction, we are assuming paces consistent with market at that point in time. And so most of the things that will open in '14 were bought earlier, and call it 18 months ago or so. And so I think you'd have to look at that time frame. Paces are up, I think, versus what they were 2 years ago. So the pace expectations, we think, we're pretty comfortable with.
Robert T. O'shaughnessy: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that, Richard, is average selling price in Webb is up quarter-over-quarter since last year. So consistent price increases there.
