Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. Let me offer a few final comments, before opening the call for questions. The strong demand that we experienced throughout the third quarter has continued into the first few weeks of October. At a very high level, we see demand continuing to benefit from a number of factors, including exceptionally low interest rates, the ongoing movement of millennials into home ownership and some level of desire to move away from urban centers. With COVID-19 forcing houses to now service home, office, school, gym, entertainment center and countless other functions, our ability to design homes can meet the expanded needs of today’s buyers, gives us yet another competitive advantage in the marketplace. Before closing the call today, I want to make sure that we recognize and thank our employees for the tremendous work that they did in the quarter and throughout 2020 thus far. This has been a year unlike any other we’ve experienced. As a Group, our team has done an outstanding job adapting to changes in both our professional and personal lives, while continuing to deliver a superior experience to our homebuyers. It’s their commitment to our customers and to each other, which allowed PulteGroup to again be certified as a great place to work, and to be recognized as one of the 2020 Best Workplaces for Women by Fortune Magazine in Great Place to Work. In a world where the competition for the best talent is fierce, we view the strength of our culture as an important competitive advantage. And finally, many of you know, and I’ve spoken with Deb Still, the President and CEO of Pulte Financial Services. Deb is an acknowledged leader in the mortgage industry, and was just named one of Denver’s Most Admired CEOs of 2020. We want to publicly congratulate Deb. We are truly fortunate to have her as Senior Leader at Pulte Group. Let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Hey, Mike. It’s Ryan. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I’ll take the sign up question first. I think Bob shared in some of his prepared remarks, we saw very consistent sales order pace throughout all three months of the quarter. September was the exception to that where we started to see it slow down just a tad, but it was self-induced. So most of our divisions work to restrict sales either via price increases or lot releases or some combination of both and that was really an effort Mike, in order for us to make sure that we’re not overly exposed on future cost increases within an elongated backlog as well as managing customer expectations. I’d highlight the demand curve or the demand situation was quite consistent throughout all three months of the quarter. We’ve seen things continue to be strong in the early weeks of October, both in the number of orders that we’ve recorded as well as the demand. So things are continuing into the fourth quarter. And then finally, your question on active adult, we’re really pleased with how that business has performed. We’d lead highlighted in Q2 that it had been a softer part of our business given the age demographic of that buyer group, they were rightly so being very cautious because of COVID-19. I think as everybody has gotten more comfortable with PPE and social distancing, that buyer has come back into our sales offices and the things that I’d repeat is we booked over 2,000 new orders in the quarter from our active adult communities, which is the highest that we’ve had in over a decade.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, we’re really pleased with how the production environment is running right now and as I highlighted on – in some of my prepared remarks, our production teams both the construction and the procurement teams have just done a real nice job of keeping things moving. So we’re quite pleased with how things are rolling off of the production line. You’ve probably heard me say before, Mike, we’re not fans of backlog conversion. I think you can get some really goofy numbers. This is indicated by some of the percentages that you shared a minute ago. I really encourage you to look at conversion of units in production. I think it’s a much better indicator of how efficiently the assembly line is working, and I think what you’ll find with the guide that we’ve given for Q4 is the conversion of our production is very consistent with where it’s been over the last couple of years. As it relates to 2021, Mike, we’re not giving any guidance on that at this point in time. We’ll certainly try to do that as part of our Q4 call.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike – John, good morning. We haven’t given any guide on 2021 at this point in time. You did hear us say, as it relates to lumber that that will be a headwind for us over the next several quarters, just because of the way we buy. We buy on a 13-week trailing random lanes average which means just kind of now in the back half of the third quarter and as we move into the fourth quarter, we’ll start to see the higher lumber costs come into our margin profile. As it relates to your question about price increases and slowing sales, that’s a tough thing to quantify in an answer on a call like this, John. What I’d tell you is that we have been very successful in pushing price as evidenced by a very rich 24.5% margin print in this quarter. So we think we’ve done a nice job managing the pricing environment. We are sensitive, however to that delicate balance of affordability. And so while I think we are maximizing what the opportunity is, I think we’re being careful not to kind of break the affordability demand model. The last thing that I’d probably highlight is that it’s not just price. In some cases, we are managing the sales pace with the number of lots that we’re releasing. So it’s a combination of a number of factors that we can use to manage the number of sales that we want to take in an environment like this given what we’re doing on the production side.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, good morning Alan. There is a lot there. Let me see if I can kind of pick through some of that and give you some answers. As it relates to kind of the order trend over the quarter. The slight downtick in September was small. The year-over-year numbers in total for the quarter at 36%, they were fairly consistent as we moved, July, August, September. So I probably don’t want to overplay that too much. The big takeaway that I think I’d want you to have is the demand is great. To your point, we were successful in getting some communities opened a little earlier. And it’s continued to kind of benefit our business not only in the current quarter, but certainly in future quarters as well. As it relates to cycle time, Alan, we’ve been seeing things extend a little bit longer. It’s not anything that I would characterize is overly problematic, but we’ve seen the breaking ground to kind of finish delivery times expand just a tad. As far as when we’re quoting deliveries Alan and in most of our system, it’s right in the six-month range, which has been very consistent with how we’ve operated the to be bill order model for a long time. So we’re really not other than maybe a few specific communities here or there, we’re quoting delivery times, it would be kind of in the March-April timeframe. And that’s all reflective of what’s in our backlog and what our lot availability situation looks like. So I may have missed a couple of the things you asked Alan, but maybe you can hit them in a follow-up if I missed anything.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, I’d probably just expand a little bit on the prepared comments that I made, Alan, where labor is tight, and I believe that is a big builder, which we’re certainly in that category. We’ve got an advantage. The fact that we’ve got a large backlog. We run a very sophisticated orderly shop in terms of start rate and how things move through the production environment. Our – what our trade partners tell us, is they appreciate that. They appreciate the consistency, they can send the same crews to the same community, every day. They know they’ve got a consistent level of production, which helps them be more efficient, more profitable. So while things are tight, and I think we’re going to continue to manage through things and absence this related to COVID, is the proverbial curveball that you’ve got to be anticipating, things like that can certainly have disruption on a trade partner shop. We think we’re pretty well prepared for not only the fourth quarter but for next year, and I give credit to our local teams that have built and managed and continued to foster the strong relationships that we have with our trade partners. So we think we are – as is evidenced by the guide that we’ve given for Q4 on the closing front, we think we’re in a good spot to finish out the year strong.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Ken, I wish that I could tell you that it was isolated to one thing. The reality is it’s a lot of things and probably the first thing I’d highlight is permits. So municipalities and government agencies have arguably probably been the most conservative in terms of shut down and slowdown. We can’t start a home without a permit. And so that would be probably the thing that I would highlight has been the initial barrier that we’ve got to overcome. I think we’re doing a nice job doing that and then you go into the various production related kind of delays. You highlighted a number of them. We highlighted a number of them in our prepared remarks, where it’s been appliances, it’s been windows, it’s been interior doors, it’s been cabinets, none of them have persisted, but different things come and go based on a myriad of factors. And then you also highlighted lot availability. There are constraints around horizontal labor, land development labor as well, there is constraints around getting plat maps recorded and development plans approved through municipalities again. So there is a little bit of sand in the gears kind of everywhere, nothing that is completely shut the machine down and again I think that’s where the big builders are favored because of our size and our scale in the processes and the systems that we have. We’re able to really deliver some nice results as is evidenced by this most recent quarter. We’re incredibly proud of what the business is doing. We’re thrilled about kind of what we’ve got projected for Q4, and as we finish up our planning for next year, we’ll certainly provide some more guidance about 2021 as we get to the end of the fourth quarter. So I’ve been in this business a long time, it seems that no matter the business environment that we’re operating in, there are challenges that we have to deal with. This current time, no different. I can tell you right now though and I mentioned to some of my team over the past week, I’d rather be dealing with these types of issues and small challenges been figuring out environment where demand is locking and you can’t sell homes. So there are class problems, and I think we’re well equipped to deal with them.
Ryan Marshall: Truman, it’s Ryan. I’d characterize the land market is competitive, which other than maybe in the depths of the great housing recession, the great recession.
Ryan Marshall: I don’t know that I’ve ever seen land go on sale. It just doesn’t. And there is a finite number of pieces that are within kind of the zones that are allowed to be kind of developed entitled, et cetera. And I think we see competitive behavior there, whether it’s from other homebuilders or you’ve got commercial and other uses for most good land parcels. So I wouldn’t characterize it is anything other than competitive. We’re continuing to be smart. We’re sticking to our underwriting fundamentals and the way that we have kind of approached land investment, so really no deviation from us on that front. And I would tell you, I don’t know that I would characterize any markets has been – specific markets has been overheated and irrational at this point in time.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen, that’s – all of those are difficult questions to answer, because they are essentially all 2021 guidance, which were not given at this point in time. I’ll do my best to give you a little bit, and what I would tell you is that the business, both from a sales standpoint as well as a production standpoint it’s seasonal. We see seasonal fluctuations in demand. We see seasonal fluctuations in what our max capacity is, mostly driven by weather. You know that we’ve got a very big Midwest business and it gets more difficult to build homes in the middle of winter in the Midwest. We certainly do it, of course, but it’s not as good or as fast in the summer months. So we really like the way that the production machine is running right now. We’d certainly endeavor to increase that as much as we’re able based on having available land and available trade resources and rest assured. We’re working on that every single day to get our start rate up, because to your point, the demand environment is great. But like I mentioned on one of the earlier questions, we think the better way to evaluate the efficiency and the efficacy of the production machine is a conversion of what’s in production. And we think we’re operating at a very consistent historical level as it relates to that. So look, we’re going to do everything we can to put more into the machine and that’s on both fronts, both the vertical side as well as on the horizontal landside.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen, I think the best thing that I can give you is that we’ve given the guide that we’ve given for Q4 from a delivery standpoint and we’re quite happy about that. We’ve given community count guide that Bob just talked about in earlier question for Q4 as well. So I think you’ve got probably as good a insight into the demand environment as probably we do and based on what we’ve talked about. So I think you look at those things and you factor that into kind of your models for future years, what I’ll tell you is that we are – we’ll give kind of a more robust guidance for 2021 at the end of the fourth quarter. So we are – as I mentioned a minute ago, we’re really seeking to grow our starts. We think that this environment favors the big builders. And so we’re going to continue to endeavor to do that. I think the limiting factors are the same that they’ve been and probably is consistent with what you’ve heard from us in the past, it’s land and labor. So can we continue to grow the labor force? We’re trying to do that. And you heard a comment from Alan leading builders of America has got an effort under way, where we’ve created a foundation that is solely focused on promoting the wonderful career opportunities that are available within the homebuilding industry. So we’d hope to get some traction with that to increase the labor side land. I think the biggest impediment there is frankly the municipalities and working through the development system. And then lastly, and I think probably I’d rank it third on the list is there is a little bit of stickiness in the supply chain. Again, nothing that we haven’t been able to manage through, but it does create a little bit of stickiness.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Susan. I think there is a couple of things going on. We are seeing a continuing trend of folks leaving Northeastern and Midwest markets and they’re moving South. That’s a trend that was going on pre-COVID. It’s a trend that’s continued post-COVID. So we continue to see that benefiting our business given that we’ve got a lot of properties in the South. As it relates to the active adult consumer, we think there is a couple of things going on there. One, this buyer has gotten more comfortable in resuming normal daily activities over the last couple of months and that includes figuring out what they’re going to do in retirement. So we think we’ve benefited from that buyer reengaging in the buying process. And then the comment that I made in my prepared remarks, our view is that a healthy housing environment requires all consumer groups to be participating. And certainly, we’re seeing that right now, given the desire, the increased desire of individuals to have a single-family home, it’s created an inventory shortage really in every price point of the market, it’s created some pricing opportunities not only for us, but also for the resale side, and that’s made it easier for individuals to sell their home. They’ve sold their homes at really great prices, which gives them a lot of options and a lot of choices in terms of what they do on the new side. So I think what all that adds up to is a great operating environment for our company.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike. We haven’t broken that out. What we have talked about is that lumbers, about the sticks packages about 3% to 5% of our cost. So it’s a meaningful percentage, but we haven’t – 3% to 5% of ASP is what the sticks packages. So it’s a decent chunk of money. I think what you saw in the fourth quarter is that we’ve had some nice price appreciation that we push through the system. We had a really nice margin in the quarter. We’ve given kind of our margin guide for Q4, which we’ve said is going to be consistent with Q3. So I think what you’re seeing is that we’ve been able to offset the increases that were coming through the system because of lumber with prices. As it relates to Q1 of next year, we haven’t given any guidance on that yet, but we certainly will as part of our Q4 release.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, John, Deb’s not on the call, but I’ll try and answer that. It’s Bob. It’s a fair question. And I think the answer is that we’re hopeful that there will be some sort of continued relief. I don’t know that there is a big appetite today to introduce that kind of consternation into the market. If that were not to be the case, I think you’d have some turbulence in the market. I don’t know what that would translate into in terms of the current sales environment, but certainly it could create issues. Interestingly enough, most of the folks that own today have equity in their homes. So unlike the last downturn where people were upside down, one solution here is, people can sell their house and pay off the mortgage. So I don’t want to be pollyannaish about it, but I’m hopeful at least that this won’t cause a lot of wreckage in the market.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Tru, it’s Bob. We – obviously we gave a guide coming into the third quarter where we thought we’d be down a little bit. The teams are working really hard as Ryan has shared with you. There was probably a degree of conservatism in that because people were just coming out of the pandemic, kind of real lock-down, when we were talking to you folks back in July. So really all we did was pull forward some community count out of what we thought would start in the fourth quarter into the third quarter. I don’t know that there is the ability to continue that through time and so yes, we’ve done a refreshed look and we think actually our Q4 is going to be consistent with what we told you back in July. We had said it began down to 2% to 4% in July for the third and fourth quarters. So we are still there. We’re obviously working hard to get stuff open. We obviously haven’t provided a guide beyond the fourth quarter. But there is a limit to how much pull forward you can do. And so again teams did a great job. We don’t think it repeats in the fourth quarter, but we will make every effort.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Su, it’s a fair question. As Ryan mentioned on the call, we’ll give you news on what we’ve done after we’ve done it as opposed to giving you a guide in terms of what our expectations are for spend. But the way we’re looking at share repurchases is exactly the same as we were prior to the pandemic. And so our capital allocation process starts with investing in the business. To your question, that will be our primary source or use of capital. Second, we want to fund our dividend. Third, if we have excess capital, we will use it to buy back shares. Again all against the backdrop of leverage and cash capacity and so with $2 billion in the bank and a business that has strong cash generating right now, we can kind of do all of those things. I know we’ve talked about this in the past, our expectation based on the guide we gave you as for spend, $800 million to $900 million on land acquisition development. In the fourth quarter we’ll pay our dividend, we think we’re cash generated after that. And so the $2.1 billion of cash probably gets bigger. We’ve talked about that, that we’ve got a maturity in the first quarter of next year that we are still likely to use cash to redeem, so 426 or $7 million. But with all that said, we still have a lot of capacity to invest in the business than we think actually to buy back stock. So we always use that lens. We always look out in time as we’re thinking about the used sources and uses of capital in the business. So we don’t see it is a choice between how do we want to invest in the business or buyback stock. We will be doing both.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: To your second question, Mike, it is the latter. So it’s an affordability question, not a mortgage capability question. Now interestingly, our business and we’ve talked about this before, even in that first-time space, we are typically a little bit at the higher end of the price range there. So it was mentioned earlier on the call, FHA, VA for us is and has been pretty consistently about 20% of our origination. So we’re not – we don’t have a lot of consumers at that lower FICO score where you might be getting up against the capability to borrow. So I think at the end of the day as we look at it, it’s just trying to make sure that we’re pricing appropriately, but not pushing things so far that people have a choice. People always have a choice. And whether it’s rental or competition, you don’t want to get the affordability equation for that more a cost conscious buyer out of lack.
