Ryan Marshall: Bob highlighted that we are dealing with this economic crisis from the position of strength. We've put ourselves in this position by operating a highly profitable and high returning home building business for a number of years. The strong operating results we delivered in this first quarter are consistent with the strategies and tactics against which we have consistently operated. By the time we get through the challenges of COVID-19 we will have adapted to a lot of changes. What won't have changed however is the strategic and disciplined approach we take to running our business which has delivered great financial results in the past. Our work to maintain an exceptional culture and a committed team doesn't change. Our ability to underwriting develop outstanding communities, design to meet customer needs while delivering high returns doesn't change. Our focused on delivering superior quality homes and outstanding customer service doesn't change. So while a lot will change, the fundamentals that have made PulteGroup successful remain solidly in place. In closing, before we open the call to questions, I want to say thank you to our employees and our suppliers who have been absolutely amazing throughout these past few weeks. In a period of heightened risks and fears where and when appropriate you have been on-site and operating in our communities, as required you have quickly adapted to working from home and servicing our customers from a socially acceptable distance. And through it all you have maintained an upbeat attitude and a can-do spirit. It has been impressive to watch. Let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Morning Alan. Thanks for the question. There's certainly a lot there. We are doing well and I hope that everybody at Zelman is healthy as well. Maybe let me just start with some real broad overview comments and then I'll turn it over to Deb. Our Pulte Financial Services team has been absolutely outstanding. We do have very good liquidity. The operations of the mortgage company have really continued with minimal interruption. There certainly are some challenges there but I really do believe that Deb and her team have effectively helped to navigate those. So with that I'll turn it to Deb and she can provide some additional commentary.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Jack. Good morning. It's Ryan and we do really, we really do believe that the size of our backlog is a real benefit for us as we move through this crisis. The good news is the majority of that backlog made a buying decision prior to the effects and the impacts of COVID-19 and as Bob highlighted in detail, we've largely seen most of those buyers anxious and ready to move to the closing table. We've certainly done a lot of things in working with our Pulte Financial Services Partners inclusive of doing drive-by closings, where we've been able to sign the majority of the documents virtually and there's only a handful of things that need a wet signature and we've been able to do that without human interaction and contact which has been great. In terms of tactics that our operators are taking to preserve that backlog, we're really working with our buyers in a collaborative way to understand their specific needs in the cases of job loss and things like that. In some cases, we've had to take a cancellation and that's reflected in the numbers that Bob shared with you. Certainly, we've got great partnership with our mortgage company on a number of fronts and not only does that help minimize risk they provide just outstanding products and service. Our mortgage team has been able to give us insight into concentrations of customers that might fall into a particular industry but we are very careful not to violate any of the banking regulations that would prohibit the mortgage company from sharing specific buyer data. So those are a few of the things that we've been doing to manage the backlog.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike good morning. What I would tell you is that, April started very slow as the majority of the country went into shelter-in-place type orders. Some markets very aggressive, late end of March, early part of April and then eventually you saw the entire country go into that mode. As our sales processes evolved and caught up to that we went to by appointment only for the protection of not only our sales team but also the customers and then we quickly adapted to a lot of virtual selling practices with virtual tours, heavy use of Microsoft teams do engage with customers where we could share documents and the various choices the buyer would have and what we saw as we move through April, each week we were doing more virtual appointments. Our team got more comfortable with it. I think buyers got more comfortable with it and so we were encouraged by that. We had, as I shared with you we had over 900 sales in April to-date which in this environment we're largely the entire country is still at home to be able to sell that many homes virtually, I think is a fairly decent result. We are starting to see some pretty positive trends in our traffic data just starting this week as we think more of the -- I think because more of the country is talking about reopening. We've seen certain states already take action to reopen and I think some of the understanding and the fears around COVID-19 is starting to subside. We're seeing some positive traffic trends which I think bodes well. In terms of consumer groups and segments, the one that I would tell you was probably down the most early as the Dell Webb consumer which I'm sure as you can appreciate is understandable. Number one, that's an aged demographic that is most susceptible and at the highest risk to the virus and so that's a buyer group that I think was early on the most cautious and probably continues to be. There also a buyer group that's heavily influenced by volatility in the equity markets which we know there was plenty of that in the back half of March. As that's stabilized and as the virus starts to come under control we started to see that buyer group rebound. It's a buyer group that's got great liquidity. They've got strong wealth. They're not as dependent on the job market and so we're actually starting to see some nice trends from that group. What I tell you though Mike is every buyer group is susceptible to the impacts of this virus. I don't think there's any one group that is going to be untouched. They may go through different phases as the impacts to the economy move through the entire system.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Mike, in terms of how many of the April sales we are able to do everything virtually I don't have that number at my fingertips. I would tell you it was the lion share of the process was done virtually. There are some buyers that maybe they wanted to do at least one on-site visit. It wasn't required however and we were set up operationally that the entire process could be handled virtually. So we feel really good about that. In terms of the cancellations there's some number of cancellations that we take in a given month just as a normal order, a normal course of business and that's reflected in what is our kind of normal cancellation rate for those that we've seen in April, I would tell you probably the majority were COVID related in some way shape or form. Most of those kind of relating to job loss or family health reasons. As we move kind of through this, yes I think there's certainly continued risk depending on how deep and how prolonged the downturn is and then what the recovery looks like. So the job loss or the unemployment claims today were a little better than they were last week but at over 4 million it's still a pretty big number and we'll ultimately just need to see how that plays out over the coming weeks and months.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Steven it's a great question and I would tell you, we don't have a better crystal ball than anybody else does in terms of what the recovery ultimately looks like. Is it a U? Is it V? Is it an L? Is it a square root recovery? There's a ton of theories out there. We're looking and studying all of them. I think you made a couple of interesting points that I would tend to agree with buyer desire to own a home seems to be holding pretty strong and pretty steady and strong. The ultimate question I think is going to be when does the economy start to reopen and how deep and prolonger the job losses. We know that jobs are a critical component of a home buyer being able to make the decision to move and do something different. If the job losses can be minimized and the folks that have been furloughed or able to be called back I think that bodes well for housing. Different than I think other housing downturns typically there has been a buildup of supply which we don't have right now. There's not a buildup on the resale side. There's not a buildup on the new side and so I would tell you that's largely why we've seen price continue to hold. Bob's prepared remarks I think hit the nail right on the head which is, this is something that is being driven by partly fear, partly folks being at home and not being able to leave their home s and price doesn't necessarily solve that. And so I think what you've seen from the industry for the most part is there hasn't been a lot of discounting other than in a few places where we've seen some co-broke type incentives to move inventory that was finished. We haven't seen in the market broad-based price reductions on base pricing which I think is generally a positive. In terms of being opportunistic Steven I think our model of having a very large backlog that is over 12,000 at this point that puts us in a very good position assuming the cancellation rates remain where they're at and for clarity we're running at a level that we're 3% for the month of April. I think that translates into something a little less than the number that you quoted but we'll see kind of what that cancellation rate ultimately trends to for the full quarter.
Ryan Marshall: Well, let me back up we will not open anywhere until we're permitted by state and/or local regulation. That being said we will open on the timeframe that we believe is appropriate for us once permitted by local regulation. So in Georgia, to your point starting this weekend a lot of the Georgia economy is starting to reopen, we will be taking a phased approach and how we reopen our corporate office as well as how we open our sales centers in Georgia. In terms of upgrading Steven, I think what you'll likely see is a lot of folks that have been maybe living in more confined spaces whether the apartments condos. My guess is you're going to see an elevated desire for maybe suburbia and having a little bit more space. I think most of our homes do come with the ability to have flex space and do things like home office's and I would absolutely see that being high on the list of things that buyers would want And finally as it relates to homes to sell, I don't know that's necessarily changed from what the historical trends were in talking with a number of resale agents that I know here locally as well as across the country. There's actually kind of a tight supply of good inventory on the resale market and so the feedback that I'm getting is if the home is priced properly and in good condition. They're actually selling and selling fairly quickly.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. It's a fair question. For the most part we are self developing John and so we are putting raw parcels under contract. For the larger developers we have not gotten any indication that they've got capital constraints. I think they like us are looking at the phasing of development. So phases might be a little bit shorter, might be delaying the next phase until we can work through the existing ones. So we haven't heard of a lot of noise in the market from folks that we have developed in relationships with everybody's focused on cash as you can well imagine but I think it's pretty coordinated at this point.
Ryan Marshall: Yes John. We're excited about ICG as Bob mentioned. We've now been operating with ICG for just over three months. We're more excited today than we were at the time of acquisition as we've started to incorporate ICG products and materials into our Jacksonville operation. It's really gone well. Just like we talked last quarter we really see the implementation and integration of off-site as being a long-term strategic move for the company to address what we really believe are fundamental shortages in labor overtime for the industry. My guess is that as social distancing practices will likely continue well into the future. I don't think this is a 30 or 60 day time frame. We're going to be working on social distancing, I think for a long time to come even better opportunity to take advantage of the labor efficiencies that are created by using off-site. So suffice to say, we were excited then. We're more excited now and we're looking forward to continuing to see that expansion through our operation over the coming years.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Truman good morning. It's Ryan. I think we addressed in some of the prepared remarks. We've actually seen price hold pretty steady. The only pricing actions that we've really seen there's a few spots where certain builders have had an elevated level of spec inventory and in an effort to move those, they put some financing incentives in place or some elevated co-broke incentives which I think ultimately at the end of the day is more of an advertising mechanism as opposed to a price mechanism. So underlying values in this environment I think have held steady. We haven't seen broad-based discounting on to be built orders. I haven't necessarily even seen broad-based discounting on the resale side either. So knock on wood, we'd hope that that can hold. For the time being the results have been positive.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. It's interesting. There isn't any particular form or fashion just like the way we've built the land book it is negotiation with individual sellers and as we mentioned on the call to this point everybody understands we had very limited impact that we had highlighted $4 million in write offs of pre-acts and we've got a normal run rate of 2. If you think about it every quarter we usually have a couple of million dollars. So it was slightly elevated but not materially. So I think what that tells you is that the dialogue we're having with our sellers is constructive. In some cases we've deferred 30 days. In some cases we've deferred 60 days. In some cases 90 and I think we'll continue to evaluate it as we go forward. I don't know that there's any particular bucket of the contracts that we have in place today that are any more or less at risk than anything else quite honestly. The decision to move forward is going to be based on how we see the market and whether we get the return we are seeking from the investment we're making and we'll make those decisions candidly community by community. So we are working with all of the sellers and I talked about development spend, we're suggesting to folks, hey! don't put more money into it because we may need to wait a little while and they understand that. So on balance you never know where this is going to go because demand will dictate how we operate.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes Jack, thanks for the question and hopefully we are wrestling with that particular question. I think our view on this is we wanted to get as liquid as we could. We drew on our revolver just from a precautionary standpoint. So I think the first use of any cash would be as we get more comfortable with this we would seek to pay that down. You mentioned that we've got a maturity in March of next year not that far away that would be a pretty high priority for our cash depending on market conditions would we refinance it, I don't know it'll depend but other than that I think the process we will go through is no different than what we've been doing for the last five plus years, which is evaluating the opportunity to generate return from that cash. So if we think there's an opportunity in the land market obviously that would be a place where we place primary importance on investing. If we have excess capacity beyond that we're always thinking about repurchase activity. We've obviously stopped that as time goes by, we will revisit whether that's appropriate and we obviously pay a dividend. We'll be in the course of normal discussion with our board visiting what we do with that over time. So I think the answer is, isn't really any different but I would tell you obviously the first thing we would think about is the revolver and paying that down. 
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Steven just to maybe further clarify that the cans, I think what you're going to see is based on the sales level that we're seeing today, gross and the cans against that 12,000 unit backlog, you will likely see an elevated cancellation rate in Q2 because you're going to have a reduced sales environment we've highlighted that sales are down, you have cans while they're not huge against the total backlog are going to be big against that relative number. So just, I heard you say that we might have a lower can rate in Q2 or net can rate is that will not be the case.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes. So in terms of reopening we are taking a coordinated effort from our corporate office and working with our regional heads and our division presidents in terms of how we reopen but it will be a customized approach by state, by market, even by sale center or by active community in some cases. So in most of the places where.
Bob O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Truman the only thing I'd add to that is when we negotiate land transactions we underwrite the return as I think you well know, the two big variables in that are pace and price and we've talked to price in your first question which is largely held pretty consistent. Pace is the unknown and until we kind of come out of this recovery and we start to see how things recover that's what might ultimately kind of dictate what happens to underlying land values but we do believe based on the optionality that we've really worked to put into our land book over the last several years whereas well positioned as the company's ever been to create some real optionality and how our land book comes on to our balance sheet or how we ultimately purchase things over the coming months.
