Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Hey, Mike, good morning. This is Ryan. Good question. What I would tell – I think I've answered the first part of your question which is we saw things get better as we moved throughout the quarter. As I mentioned May was the month where we saw a bit of softness. To the broader question, I think it really kind of goes to how do we see business overall, and at a national level, I'd tell you that the business is good and buyer traffic to our website, as I talked about in my prepared remarks, and more importantly into the communities remains high. So buyers are out. They're shopping and then that translates into sales. So that being said, the local conditions matter and we are seeing some variation in demand across certain markets and buyer groups.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Mike, there was a lot in that question, so let me see if I can touch on as many as parts of it as I can. Our strategy has remained very solid in that we're focused on driving the best returns that we possibly can for shareholders. And we do that by managing the pace and the price levers on a community by community basis. So we're very proud of our gross margins and this second quarter, I think, is a testament to the great work that we've done on both the sales price side as well as the cost side to create an environment where we do have the best margins in the business. Volume is certainly a part of that equation and we had a nice quarter in the number of sign-ups that have been generated that have contributed to a backlog that's approaching 12,000 units. So we're continuing to see favorable demand trends, we like what we're seeing in our sales offices and we're hearing from buyers. As I mentioned, value is something that's really important to buyers, affordability is important. As sales prices have gone up and mortgage rates have ticked up, I think it's the two things in concert that have contributed to a bit of the softness that we saw intra-quarter. We'll continue to address it on a community by community basis and rest assured that volume will continue to be part of the story for PulteGroup. As far as your question on planned land spend, we don't have any plan change in our land spend. We're executing well through six months of the year and we don't see anything changing throughout the balance which is reflective of our positive view of the market that I think both Bob and I touched on in our prepared remarks.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Stephen, good question. And it really does come down to a community by community basis for us in terms of how we pull the volume lever. We certainly pay attention to all the macro trends, consumer confidence, what kind of resale inventory is available, what kind of new home inventory is available. Those are all the things that I think play into the decisions that we'd ultimately make on volume. As we've long talked about, we're looking to drive the best possible returns that we can out of the business and when we look at what our lot availability is, what the size of our backlog is, what the pricing environment is, how we measure up demand conditions, all of those – the local market conditions overall, how a local economy is growing, all of those things play into the ultimate decisions that we make around volume. So, one of the things that I'd tell you is we've been steadfast in our volume guidance for the year at 22,500 to 23,500 units for the year. We took that up 500 units in the last quarter and, as you heard Bob say, we've reaffirmed that. So we're still performing very much in line with how we saw the business and we'll continue to look at overall market conditions and make those decisions on a community by community basis.
Ryan R. Marshall: Well, we like where our cycle times are Stephen. We're always going to – as a production builder, inventory turns are a big component of how we drive success, so we're always going to work to improve the cycle times of our, specifically our house inventory and more importantly our land inventory, it's part of the reason that we've driving to get our owned lots shorter which we're making great progress against. As far as California goes, it's really specific to a couple of areas in the West where it was timing of new community openings last year along with some new community openings this year, combined with what was a fairly large backlog of sold homes and so, in that pricing environment and the limited lot availability, a difficult entitlement environment, we've made the decision there to control paces in certain communities and maximize price. The other thing I'd add, not a huge driver but it's worth mentioning, consistent with our focus of staying closer to the city centers, we have built out of our positions in Fresno and Sacramento which contributed to last year's sales paces.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Ken, good morning and thanks for joining us this morning. There is a relationship there and we certainly acknowledge that. The key point there is resale inventory is still below normal. Normally it would be considered six months, in most markets there is a lot that are 2.5 to 3.5 months, so a slight tick up in that I don't think has a dramatic impact on the new home sales environment. If we saw inventory level start to go over six months in certain markets you'd certainly probably see a bigger impact.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Ivy. It's a pretty simple explanation that we're sticking to our discipline around pricing and we've got excellent locations, our communities are executed well which is a credit to the wonderful teams that we have in the field operating our businesses and we're still able to do drive some pricing power. And as I mentioned in one of the earlier questions, it's a big component of driving returns and we like what we're seeing out of the business today. We're going to continue to pay attention to what's going on in the broader economy and be sensitive to a number of the things that we've touched on as it relates to new home inventory, resale inventory, interest rates, overall affordability, et cetera. But right now, we really like the business that we have. It was an outstanding quarter for the company that we're proud of. We like what we're seeing with overall traffic demand, and we'll continue to make modifications on a community by community basis as we need to. The other thing that I point out is we don't have a ton of spec inventory which is by design. That's how we run our business. And so some of the places where I think you're seeing probably more incentives and more discounting, it's probably with those that have strategies that are more heavily dependent upon spec inventory.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. This is one where the mix matters. I mean, certainly, you can see our ASPs are up across all buyer segments so, yes, we have had pricing power. I think if you think of the prepared comments, we talked about the fact that we think affordability matters. So going forward if rates are rising that may be a little bit more challenging but we have seen the ability to increase prices and candidly it's reflected in our margins.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. We had highlighted that California has a number of years of high price points that we talked about in the first quarter as it influenced, had a little bit less in the second quarter as the volume ramps up for the year and the same will be true of the back half of the year, it will be a smaller percentage of the total business.
Ryan R. Marshall: You know Nishu we've guided to the range that we expect to come in. We have focused a lot on SG&A, we've made a ton of progress year-over-year and continue to do that. I don't know that you'll ever necessarily see us be the lowest SG&A company because we do make some investments in things around quality and culture of the company that we think are important but we have gotten substantially more competitive with our SG&A leverage and we're very proud of that.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah. Truman, what I would tell you and I mentioned a little bit in Mike's question, at a national level the business is good but local market conditions do matter. And the example that I'd give you is Texas is doing well as a state, but we saw Houston slow a little bit among first time buyers. The West is strong from a demand standpoint, but we did see demand in Southern California get a little bit soft, again with those first time buyers. The Midwest is okay, but demand in Minnesota seemed to decelerate a little bit as we moved through the quarter, and then kind of ending with the Southeast, demand there is holding up, but the higher price points were off a tad. So overall housing demand is okay, but the individual markets do matter. For us, we did see most of the softening in the lower price points with our first time buyers and I do think that is reflective of a combination of price and mortgage rates, I think both matter. So that particular segment has been strong as of late. Proportionate to the overall sales price, the increases in lumber packages have had a disproportionate impact on that particular price and so I think not just us but all builders have worked to pass that through to the consumer. And I think, it's safe to assume that it certainly has an impact on how they see value and what they can afford ultimately at the end of the day.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Jack, what I'd tell you about the Southeast, as I mentioned in the prior question, we did see a little bit of softness in the higher price points in the Southeast. But the biggest driver there for us, we've closed out of several of our original John Wieland communities that were acquired as part of that purchase which was anticipated and projected and we simply have not replaced those on a one-for-one basis, so some of what you see in our Southeast numbers is reflective of that.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, so you've got a couple of different assets there, out West both of them. One was in a market that we're not actually building in today and so we had an asset that was buildable by us, but we didn't have a production team and so we elected to sell it, and so there was real value embedded in that. The second was from a community that we had purchased recently actually and really we were trying to balance our appetite for risk in that particular market, so we sold off one of the product series as part of that as a means to just de-risk the transaction somewhat. And again, in California you've seen price appreciation where you can generate some significant value.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Carl, I think you'll see our mix in California as we move from current mix to next year that mix is going to stay relatively stable. I'll start with our Northern California business. We have moved that business predominantly coastal, near the jobs. I mentioned Fresno and Sacramento we've moved out of. We did have sales there last year, so going forward that business is predominantly going to be a coastal business. In Southern California where about a 30% coastal, 70% Inland Empire business, I'd expect that to remain relatively stable as well.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Mike, I'll start with your first question. I'll let Bob handle the mortgage question. The only thing that I'd probably point to with buyers as they become pinched on price, they'll typically take a slightly smaller footprint. We have not seen them necessarily take fewer options in the home. I still think that they want the things that they want. They're working to find ways to afford those things. Potentially they take a lower lot premium. They don't take the water view. They may take something that's got a lower price tag from a lot premium standpoint. So as Bob detailed in his commentary, we actually saw increases in both things quarter-over-quarter, so we haven't seen a deceleration in the increases on those items. And I'll let Bob handle the arm comment or question.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Mike, I'll let you ask the second question, but we haven't seen a change in there. And as far as kind of our margin profile that's holding steady which I think is part of the reason that you saw us take our guide up for the back half of the year which would, I think, be the best indicator to say, no, we're not seeing a change.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, the one that I would highlight is Houston, Mike. The other three markets that we operate in, I think, performed according to our expectations. Houston is the one that I think we've seen some change there. The only thing that I can really point to is that it's a city that went through one of the worst floods and hurricanes that the city and that country has seen in probably a hundred years. I think it's creating some prolonged entitlement and development timelines for new communities. I think the city is still kind of wrestling and working through some of the damaged homes and the impact that that has on overall supply. The economy there is healthy. It's a healthy economy. So beyond kind of the legacy impacts of the storm, I'm not sure that I can point to any reason why we would have seen softness there.
Ryan R. Marshall: No, Susan, nothing that we found to be meaningful to be a predictor, an indicator of current or future demand. Traffic has been strong. The year-over-year increases are up. So we're driving more traffic to the website today than we were a year ago, so overall positive. We're seeing that same trend continue with the conversion of traffic units to the website that's translating into increased traffic into the sales offices and those are some of the things that we pay particularly close attention to is to see what that conversion rate is from the time folks spend on the website and how that translates into foot traffic.
Ryan R. Marshall: Well, not really. Those floor plans – at a broad level I'd say that those floor plans are specifically designed with that buyer in mind. We have similar types of efforts though under our commonly managed platform where we're doing the same consumer research for our entry level buyers, for our move-up buyers. It's just the significance of highlighting the new active adult floor plans. That was the first buyer group that we designed consumer inspired commonly managed plans for and we stated all the way back when we started the program that we would create obsolescence, if you will, and every four to five years come out with the next generation of plans and that's what you're seeing with our active adult plans right now.
Ryan R. Marshall: Alex, as I said, we saw overall improvement in the business. Isolated into one buyer group, we haven't given that commentary, but we did see June better than May, still not great and we've seen July improve again, but probably still a little short of where we would have normally expected it to be.
Ryan R. Marshall: Well, one of the questions that I answered earlier where we're seeing folks not hold pricing are the builders that have more inventory on the ground. It's expensive to hold inventory. You've got a lot of capital tied up into it. There's a lot of ancillary expenses associated with finished inventory, so that's where the discounts have traditionally gone and that's what we're seeing. We are seeing a few competitors start to do some national sales which I think is indicative of too much inventory and they need to move it. We're not in that position by design. It's not the way that we've chosen to run our business and so it's one of the things that allows us to hold our pricing.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, Buck, it's a little early to be talking about community count for 2019. We'll provide guidance on that and, broadly, I think the answer to that is no. You can't read into that because option versus raw, finished. There is a lot of things that factor into that and we'll give you some color on that in the fourth quarter.
Ryan R. Marshall: Yeah, it's a great question. I think, I'd point you back to the capital allocation that we laid out in 2014. First and foremost, if we feel good about the business, we're going to invest in the business. We want to pay our dividend. We would then use excess capital to buyback stock. The one thing I might add to that now is in a rising interest rate environment we might look at our debt if we thought that that was an attractive investment. And so the one thing I can promise is we'll be thoughtful about how we use that money.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, the one thing I'd add to that, sorry Ivy, the one thing I'd add to that is while it's down 30 basis points, the dollars are about the same, so it's really reflective of our ASP increasing, it's still about $14,000 a unit.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah, the thing I'd add Nishu, is we actually, if you remember we had updated our guide at the end of the first quarter which was reflective of the increase in the volume guide that we had given. We haven't changed our volume guide and we've talked about that from here forward for all the things Ryan has talked about in terms of how and why we spend our SG&A, it's going to be a kind of a margin game in terms of incremental volume would drive better overhead leverage, we haven't projected higher volumes and therefore we're still comfortable with our range.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Well, absorptions by buyer group; first time down 19%, move-up down 5%, active adult up 5% which blends to the down 6% for the quarter.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Incentives, we've not had any meaningful incentive programs. We've obviously seen in markets people have started talking about national sales. We're not there.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Certainly, the cost environment is one we're paying a lot of attention to. Our purchasing teams do a really good job of trying to do two things; one, buy as efficiently as possible and then to try and protect our pricing. We highlighted that lumber will influence our sequential margins because the pricing increases that we saw and exceedingly high prices that we saw until recently will come into our Q4 production pipeline because of the way we buy lumber. In terms of the labor market, no real changes there, again I think we do a nice job of making sure we've got multiple trades and multiple sources for most of our things so that we can at least work to try and minimize any pricing pressures there. With respect to tariffs, I guess what I would point to is in terms of what would impact us, steel obviously is something that is a contributor to our cost base, it's not obviously the biggest and that one we'll probably feel some but on the appliance side we've got long-term contracts that we think protect us from much of that pricing impact. Cabinets is another one with Chinese production. What we're seeing is some of the producers are already starting to source that from other parts of the world. So we don't think that will have a meaningful impact on us over time. And it's interesting, if you think about what's happened in the lumber market, we had the 20% tariffs last year, that's already reflected in the pricing. And I guess, on a relative basis, the good news is we came into the year saying, hey, with think that lumber pricing will turn down on the normal seasonal pattern and it didn't, but it finally did. So we're starting to see some relief there. That won't influence our production until next year, but again on a relative basis, could provide us some tailwind in 2019.
Robert T. O'Shaughnessy: Yeah. Essentially, we have not seen a substantive change in that. And I think it's because we've got a perceived rising rate environment. People are not typically going to do that unless they just can't afford not to. They need to get the cheaper rate, but in the most recent quarter, 6% of our volume, the mortgages that we originated were ARMs for comparison that was 5.7% in the second quarter of last year. What we have seen though is people are locking a little bit earlier, so we've seen our rate locks at 60 and 75 days increase as a relative proportion of the number of mortgages we're doing, so people are paying attention to rate for sure.
