Ryan Marshall: Thanks Jim and good morning. I’m excited to speak with you today about PulteGroup’s second quarter results and I’m pleased to say that on a seasonally adjusted basis, market conditions for the second quarter and the first six months of 2019 remained consistently stronger than what we experienced through the back half of 2018. Further based on feedback from our operators, I’d tell you that the market generally felt stronger in Q2 than in Q1 with mortgage rates down roughly 75 basis points from the start of the year, it’s easy to understand how market momentum continued to advance as the year progressed. Our second quarter performance reflects this momentum build as orders increased 7% over the last year. This is a notable swing after orders were lower in the first quarter of 2019 compared with Q1 of the prior year. On a year-over-year basis, orders were a little slow in April, but then we realized strong gains as the quarter progressed. While there are always a number of factors that influence the home buying decision, it is reasonable to assume the decline in interest rates had some impact in attracting additional buyers. As it relates to the current sales environment, I’ll paraphrase my comments from our first quarter earnings call in saying that through the first six months of 2019, we’ve experienced what we view as a typical seasonal recovery in buyer demand. It is great to see that consumer demand has been so resilient this year given the soft sales environment in the back half of 2018. I think that this characterization is consistent with the government data which show new home sales through the first five months of 2019 were up 4% over the comparable period last year. It is certainly nice to see the year-over-year increase, but as important we're not seeing signs of a pending fall-off in demand like the industry experienced starting towards the middle of last year. I'm not sure that lower rates will materially alter typical seasonal buying patterns, but we see no obvious signs of a replay of 2018's back half slowdown. In a couple of minutes, Bob will provide details on our second quarter operating results and our strong performance across key metrics including orders, closings, margins, EPS and returns. I want to take a moment however, to highlight that along with great financial performance, our second quarter offers a great example of PulteGroup continuing to execute its playbook. Operationally, we delivered against our objective to effectively balance price and pace to achieve high returns while taking every opportunity to drive ASPs, revenues and gross margins. We then allocated the resulting strong cash flows in alignment with our stated priorities. This included investing $857 million of land acquisition and development in the business including the American West transaction in the second quarter. As a reminder through the American West acquisition, we put 3,500 lots under control in Las Vegas. In addition to dramatically improving our size and scale in the Vegas market, the deal structure is extremely capital efficient as we purchased only one-third of the lots while controlling the other two-thirds via option. Along with investing in the growth of our business, we returned $114 million to shareholders in the second quarter through share repurchases and dividends bringing the total of our returns to shareholders to over a $170 million this year. I would also highlight that our Board approved a $500 million increase to our share repurchase authorization during the quarter. And finally, during the quarter we also completed a tender for $274 million of our senior notes that were scheduled to mature in 2021. This repurchase helped to lower the company's debt to capital ratio to 35% on a gross basis, which is well within our guidance range of 30% to 40%. Perhaps most importantly, the strong cash flows generated by our business allowed us to implement these actions and still in the quarter with more than $650 million of cash. I can tell you that in prior cycles, our capital allocation would have likely looked very different than this with most if not all available capital invested into the business. Our more balanced approach including a measured increase in land spend is consistent with our capital allocation priorities and with our view that this current housing cycle can continue to move higher. Now let me turn the call over to Bob.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Mike. Great question and what I would tell you as we highlighted in some of our prepared remarks, we closed out of a number of our communities or suctions of communities that were generating relatively high sales paces. The replacement positions for those selling locations came on a little later in the quarter and had slightly lower sales pace and so the combination of those two things is really what had an impact on the comparative results. I would tell you there's not a differentiation in performance between the in town communities and some of the bigger larger legacy communities. They both perform well and on a relative basis year-over-year are very similar. More broadly Mike, just to kind of get into the question about the active adult buyer, I would tell you that these buyers are taking a little bit longer to regain some momentum coming out of the back half of last year. The group is, as I think most of you know, is less rate sensitive on both the upswing and the downswing. So the drop in interest rates doesn't have quite the same push that it does for other buyer groups. They frequently pay cash or take very small mortgages. I think it's also a buyer group that tends to be a little bit more cautious and so probably not a total surprise that it's been a tad bit slower than the other buyer groups.
Ryan Marshall: So Mike, I'll start with the absorption question. We had a 14% increase in absorption, so pretty meaningful increase there. Further you've heard us talk over the last really 18 to 24 months that we've been intentionally into that investing in the first time space and we've been bringing assets into our book of business that are specifically targeted for this buyer group, which we think is a meaningful differentiation between doing that which we have done and taking existing assets and simply repurposing them from something they are originally intended for into the first time space. So, we highlighted on our call last quarter that if you look at the lots that we control that are specifically targeted for the first time buyer group it's about 35% of our controlled book now. So you'll see this segment continue to have a more meaningful presence in our closing volume over time. So last thing maybe on that point Mike, just I highlighted absorptions were up 14% and community count was up 13%. So those are the two elements that contributed to the overall increase in first time.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Stephen, I would echo Bob's comments and further I would say that we continue to make excellent progress against our goals of three years owned and three years options. Our field teams have just done an outstanding job in working on a local level on a transaction-by-transaction basis to really secure lots that are helping us to turn our assets faster and to minimize the risk that's associated with having too much lined on the balance sheet.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, it's a good question. And then if you'll remember in our second quarter earnings call last year, we highlighted that we started to see some softening, was really in about the third week of April, and for us we saw it really in two forms, really would see it in two forms, the traffic that crosses the threshold of our model homes is certainly one of the leading indicators. Website traffic tends to be a little less predictive but certainly another metric. And then, on a daily basis we can see the number of new contracts that reported from our sales offices and that's arguably the proof in the pudding and the best indicator of an impending slowdown. As I highlighted in my prepared remarks, the first couple of weeks of July, the momentum that we have experienced in Q2 has sustained, we're still seeing very positive trends from buyers.
Ryan Marshall: Sure, Alan. I'll take the question on inventory and then I'll have Bob address your question on costs. As far as inventory goes at your point, the back half of last year we made the decision to let our spec inventory run a little bit higher than what we typically do. And that was purely aimed at maintaining the momentum of our production machine. At the end of the fourth quarter, our specs is a percentage total inventory was about 31%, actually a little higher than that, that's probably [30%, 33%] I think at the end of the fourth quarter. We saw that come back down in the first quarter and we're now back down to 26% which is more in line with where we typically run. That's total spec inventory at all stages of construction. And then, when you specifically look at final inventory, we continue to be at less than one per final unit, per active community which is the kind of the parameter that we've typically targeted. So, as far as our inventory levels go, Alan, we think we're in great shape. We continue to start homes very much in line with our expectations and so we haven’t necessarily experienced within our business the same situation that I think you described in the overall [starts] data. As far as inventory goes in the broader market, I think it's in a healthy spot when we look at month of supply for both new homes as well as for resale, almost every single market that we operate in remains at a healthy level. Certainly, we've seen some markets take some increases but even with those increases we believe the levels are still at a healthy spot. There are a few competitors that have put more inventory into the ground in an effort to achieve stated closing goals for the year. We are managing against that and competing against that on a case-by-case basis where we run into that. But it hasn’t had a system-wide impact on our businesses; I think it's evidenced by our Q2 results.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Alan, it's not. We have looked at it, we have evaluated it in an environment where it's becoming increasingly more difficult to find well located land, get it in title, develop, etcetera, and we don’t believe that that's the highest in best use of the associated land parcels. We think we're better off putting that available land into our for sale operation. So, other than some small onesie-twosies here and there and specific markets as we close to other communities, that's not a business that we're engaged in.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. So, we've had in specific locations we have had the opportunity to raise prices a bit but on the -- I would tell you that's the minority. The majority of our communities have frankly kind of held -- been held flat. It is still a competitive market, the incentives are still elevated. We continue to make decisions on a community-by-community basis to adjust pace a price in such a way that we think we think we can drive the best outcome for our shareholders and drive the highest return on invested capital and I think you are seeing that in our results. So, with interest rates coming down, it was widely talked about the back half of last year that one of the biggest headwinds that we had was overall affordability. Interest rates are certainly contributing to that, as we've seen interest rates come back down along with some stabilization in overall pricing. I think that's helped to bring affordability in a lot of markets back in line.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Truman, its Ryan. So, what we have seen in the second quarters, we've seen an increase in traffic that combined with higher community count has led to higher gross sales and also higher absorption rates but I would not attribute it to higher conversion rate in the quarter.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Carl thanks for the question. In terms of the private builder market, I would tell you it's been fairly consistent. There are opportunities out there in various markets. I think given our size and our geographic footprint we tend to get a look at a lot of them. We're not necessarily interested in all of them because I think what you heard from both me and Bob is, we're looking for acquisitions to be aligned with our overall strategy and we're going to continue to be very disciplined along those lines. The Vegas acquisition was one that fit very well with our strategy with how we were trying to position our business and as well as we were able to structure the acquisition such that it also aligned with what we've been trying to do with our land book and with our balance sheet and we'll continue to do that. So as far as, I forgot what the second part was. Are we seeing more developers in the market? Not really. I think it remains a very tough space to see new entrants come in to. So I think you've got certain markets where they're well capitalized developers and they continue to develop land for us. But we're not seeing a wholesale return of developers that went away in the prior downturn and the real constraint there, banks just aren't willing to lend. And so without capital and access to capital is pretty tough for that group to come back into the space.
Ryan Marshall: Mike, so the comment was that on a year-over-year basis April was a bit slower and as I touched on in one of my earlier answers, April was really the last kind of strong month in 2018. So I think the year-over-year comp was probably a little bit more difficult. In terms of the other things that I’d probably offer, the Easter holiday was where the sale had a little bit of an impact in terms of kind of April overall numbers, but I think that all kind of comes out of the wash as you move through the quarter. Seasonality, I would suggest is fairly normal. Little bit better than last year. So we like the way the business is performing. We like what we are seeing. We saw coming out of April which was a fine month. It just was against a comp from last year. It was little tougher. We had a nice May. We had a nice June and the strength has continued into July.
Ryan Marshall: Jack its Ryan. Good morning. I appreciate the question. I think what you have heard from us in the past is, we don't underwrite the gross margin. We are underwriting to return and we are positioning our overall book of business in a way that we think we derive the optimal net result by playing in certain geographies and playing against certain consumer groups that gives us the best opportunity to manage risk and have success. I think conventional wisdom to your point would tell you that the first-time space typically comes with a little bit lower margin, the volumes and the inventory turns tend to run a little bit higher which gives you a comparable return as the other segments have a little bit higher gross margins. So we have kind of provided the guide for the full year of this year and you have heard Bob talk about all the puts and takes around what we are expecting in terms of cost increases and where we have got cost pressures, where we have got some tailwinds and what the resulting margin is and you can see that we are still maintaining the best margins in the space. We are very pleased with where we have been able to keep our margins and that is reflective of more business coming through the first-time space. As we get closer to Q4 of this year and get into next year, we will update our guide for 2020 at the appropriate time.
Ryan Marshall: Not really Jay, the weather to your point was tough and it certainly has an impact, but we wouldn't want to hang the specific result in the Midwest on weather. I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks we just saw the higher price points of our move-up communities which we have quite a few of in the Midwest. We're a little bit softer.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes Stephen, we didn't give a guide, but an answer to your question we expect the community count to be up between 1% and 3% in the third and fourth quarters relative to the prior year period. In terms of the challenges as you know, it's difficult to open communities, entitlements are challenging today. Our team has done a great job in doing this and obviously that 1% to 3% growth would include the communities that we picked up in the American West transaction.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes Stephen, it’s a fair question. In terms of actual spend this year on land in the first three and six months, if you exclude the money we spend for American West we're actually flat. So the increase in spend is largely on development dollars which is bringing lots that we put under control on the path to market. I don't want to get into expectations for growth beyond this year. We've given the guide for what we think it's going to be for the balance of the year. But, when we look at capital we start with investment in the business. You heard Ryan's commentary on our view of the market, we remain constructive and so this reflects the opportunities that we're seeing in the market including American West. So not really growing as much as I think you're inferring. So we feel comfortable with the level of spend.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes. It's an interesting question. There is no one thing to highlight as the driver of the performance during the quarter. I think you've heard us talk about that controlling cost is always a focus of ours as we challenge our team all the way back to 2016 when we took a pretty hard look at expenses and we've continued that focus. So, really it was a cross of bunch of different areas, there's no unique or significant things happening in the quarter.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: And Alan, sorry just I wanted to address the comment or the question about costs. I think you asked about labor specifically how broadened, let's talk about our cost in general. The pleasing news is that lumber has trended down, I think everybody is well aware of that. Based on that and generally benign cost environment, we had guided to a 2% increase in our vertical construction cost and we now see it at about 1% for the year. So, the benefit of that lower lumber cost has really come through. The only sort of out-layered to that really is concrete very specific, locally we've seen some pricing pressure there. As it relates to labor, I would characterize that it's still generally pretty tight but not as bad as it has been. So, to your question, we've actually seen some moderation in the pricing pressure. Pricing isn’t going backwards but certainly less upward pressure than there has been and in certain markets we've actually had trades come in and ask looking for work which I think is a good sign in terms of pricing. So, in general, the labor market feels that is because it has. And I think with that there's room for them to do more as evidenced by the fact that we've seen some folks looking for work.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, I'd rather not -- it's Bob. I'd rather not get into the specific what's base pricing, what's option pricing. We feel pretty good about the market. Obviously, we work to maintain the margins that we have, we have among the highest in the industry. We're pushing opportunity for pricing and that comes in lot premiums and option revenues. And then, we're working to make sure we're turning our assets and we'll use discounting to get there. So, the relative percentages of each of those move over time a little bit. I think the message we want you to hear is that there are still instances in the market and to the question earlier about inventory. There is inventory in the market and we're competing with that to try and turn our assets and we'll continue to do so. It's the reason you saw it move up year-over-year, a little less so first quarter, second quarter. Also important to remember, we are more built to order, so you won't see the impact of today's discounts in our closings for probably a quarter or two.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Sure. We have a lot of liquidity, $600+ million of cash; the billion dollar revolver has about $750 million of availability on top of that. So, liquidity is really strong for us. I wouldn’t want to put an artificial number around it, I think it would depend on what we're spending the money on. Obviously, if we had need for increased liquidity, we could go to the capital market. So, really no target number for cash. And as it relates to how we're going to invest it, I'd point you right back to what we've been telling you for years now which is first in the business. We're going to pay a dividend, we increased it by 20% at the beginning of this year. We would buy back stock with the balance and we've been talking about, we might also look at our leverages, so as act on that in this quarter. I think you can and should expect to see us continue to do exactly that, in exactly that order of priority going forward. We're fortunate the business is cash accretive and we're generating cash strong cash flows even this quarter once again cash flow from operation's positive. So, as it relates to our land strategy over years, I think, I'll refer you back to the first answer which was, we want to invest in the business as long as we are constructive on it. We want to grow with or slightly in advance of the market. We will invest to try and do that. You heard Ryan talk earlier a little bit about how we're doing that as we're building the optionality in our book which provides capital efficiency, greater liquidity. So until you hear us start to say there's something about the market that's causing us to either moderate or reduce our land spend that's where I think you'll see us put the majority of our capital.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: I did, I did. So I would offer that we also had community count growth in the active adult space in this quarter just like we did in the first-time and actually we had a decrease in move-up. I don't think you should expect to see a meaningful change in the business. We did highlight that we would expect the first-time business to be growing based on the sales that we reported. We'll see a little bit of moderation in pricing related to that. Over time I think it's fair to say we've highlighted that we want to get to a little bit closer to 35% of the business in the first-time space. Our land bank today is 37% targeted towards that buyer. That's typically going to have community count associated with it. So I think you'll see our community count move in line with the dialogue we've had over the last two, three years in terms of where we have our investment going and what demographic it's targeting.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes. Mike, I think you got it right. It's all those things candidly. We obviously enjoy like I said earlier among it's not the highest margins of the space. We're proud of it. We're protective of it, but house costs are going up. The tariffs while not significant are impactful. Our land costs are up. We are cycling through land very quickly about three years on average. The option we have built into our book does introduce some cost to that and as Ryan talked about pricing while we take opportunities where we have them, there are discounts in the market and we are playing these. We want to turn our assets we are going to continue that rotation of the asset base. So like I said, it's a pretty healthy world we are living in. We got some cost pressure and we think we are going hold to serve, we think that's pretty good.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: No, actually it's a concerted effort on our part. Our operators have done a great job as our mortgage company of identifying the divisions where we didn't achieve real success with our capture rate and trying to figure out what caused it. So we're trying to make sure our incentive structures are right so that we drive folks to the mortgage company because what we know is, they serve as a captive model. They do a great job serving only us as a builder and their customer satisfaction scores and net promoter scores are off the charts and so we think it's actually a better experience for our consumers at the same time. What you saw last year was, it was a very, very competitive market. The new money origination had become something that the banks were paying a lot of attention to. As rates go down and re-fi business comes up it softens that a little bit. I wouldn't say it was a lot. So this is really about us focusing on how are we providing that opportunity to the consumer showing them the benefits of working with our mortgage company driving higher capture rate. So it was mostly internal effort.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yes, I don't think we need to adjust that. You heard Ryan talk about that that is generally a cautious buyer group noise in the marketplace, kind of puts them back a little bit. It's not about interest rates for them. The other thing that I’d highlight is it's also a consumer that buys what they want. They've got the healthiest balance sheet of any of our consumer groups and they're willing to pay for the things that are important to them. So we haven't seen a real need to try and address the pricing there. Traffic is up. I think at the end of the day it just needs they to get their head in the right space and they'll be back in the market.
