Ryan Marshall: Book ending the front of this call where I talked about supply, let me finish the call by providing a few comments about third quarter demand, which is a very positive picture. We continue to experience strong demand in the quarter with very consistent traffic and sign-up numbers across the period. I would also add that strong demand has continued through the first few weeks of October. While sign-ups in the quarter were lower compared with last year, the primary driver of the decline was the decrease in community count. Beyond the impact community count had on order rates in the quarter, our divisions continue to manage or outright restrict sales pace to better match sales with our current production.  As Bob indicated, this most recent quarter should be the low point of our community count -- should be the low point of our community count this year as we expect our community count to move higher on a sequential basis as we move through 2022. Reflecting the strong demand conditions and relatively limited supply of new and existing homes, we were able to raise prices in the quarter across most of our communities. The most typical increase in the quarter was in the range of 1% to 3%, although some of our divisions were able to push pricing in select communities a little more aggressively. That being said, we continue to keep a close eye on affordability metrics within our local markets, especially given the recent rise in mortgage rates. Between an improving economy, a strong jobs market, wage inflation and government stimulus checks, consumers are in a very strong financial position and have proven they are prepared to pay today's higher prices for everything, from food to autos to homes.  We continue to see a very strong financial profile among our homebuyers with the average FICO score remaining above 7 50 and loan-to-value of 83% based on users of our mortgage company.  Looking at demand across the country. I would tell you that generally where we have product available, we can sell it and at a higher price than earlier in the year. Although frustrated at times because of limited supply, higher prices and longer build cycles, consumers remain engaged in the home buying process and are anxious to get into a new home.  Just to wrap up, while there are certainly challenges in the business, PulteGroup remains in an excellent position, both operationally and financially. We have a strong and improving land pipeline that we continue to make more efficient through the use of lot options. We have an opportunity to further expand margins based on limited supply, strong buyer demand, resulting favorable pricing dynamics and lower lumber costs in 2022. We have an outstanding homebuilding operation that is generating tremendous cash flow, and we have an exceptional balance sheet strength and liquidity that can support our operations and gives us tremendous flexibility to capitalize on market opportunities.  Let me close by again thanking our employees for their tireless efforts to serve our homebuyers and deliver outstanding business performance. Now let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Truman, it's Ryan. It really depends on the region, Truman. So in like the Florida regions, there are challenges with block. Most of our homes that are built out of concrete block as opposed to lumber. So we've been on allocation there for a number of months. Windows, I would tell you, generally, across the entire United States, are a pressure point. Paint is a pressure point. and appliances would be some things that I think are common across the entire enterprise. And then when you get into certain regions, things like siding become a pain point, depending on how much of that we use in the construction of our homes in those regions.  In terms of kind of when things are solved, Truman, as I tried to highlight in my prepared remarks, we think that the time line of fixing things will be varied. And it really depends on what the underlying issue is for that particular distributor or manufacturer. There are some things that are obviously relying on microchips like appliances. And I think that those challenges are well detailed. In some cases, it's chemicals and things like resin. I think the paint suppliers, paint manufacturers have kind of highlighted some of the things they've done. In particular, Sherwin Williams recently purchased their own resin plants in order to help solidify some of the challenges that they've had in obtaining resin.  And then in some cases, it's logistics. And so there's just simply not enough transportation capacity to move things from the ports to the distribution centers or from the factories to our job sites. And so I think we're going to end up with is a mixed bag of results and recovery time lines as we move through 2022. The relationships that we have with our suppliers are outstanding. We're communicating actively with them and collaboratively solving problems. I think we're being treated very well with our suppliers, and they're bending over backwards to take care of us and the significant volume that we do of new homes. So I'm going to remain optimistic, but there's no doubt there are some headwinds out there that we're fighting through each and every day. As Bob highlighted, we'll talk more about 2022 as we get to the end of the fourth quarter, which is when we customarily provide our guidance. But there are -- there's some favorable things with community count growth, opportunity for margin expansion, et cetera, that I think leave reason to continue to be optimistic.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan, I would just -- I'd highlight that the demand environment continues to be very strong. And in most communities, we continue to have pricing power. We're exercising that through price increases, obviously. And in some cases, we're outright restricting sales, which I think is in the same kind of family of actions that we take to manage the demand that we have.  What I would tell you, the -- we highlighted, on average, most communities were 1% to 3%. There were certainly some communities that were well in excess of that. Those kind of outlier communities, combined with the fact that you do have some mix in there as well as, I think, contributes to the incremental increase that you highlighted in your question.  In terms of kind of where things are at today pricing power-wise relative to a quarter ago, 2 quarters ago, I'd suggest it's pretty comparable to where we were at in Q2, a little weaker than where we were at in Q1 in terms of kind of month-over-month or week-over-week pricing changes. We are keeping eye on affordability. We highlighted that in our prepared remarks. I think it's something that while the consumer continues to be strong financially, they don't have unlimited financial means and resources. And so we need to be mindful of that, not only as a company, but as an industry.
Ryan Marshall: Mike, it's Ryan. Yes, in terms of capital allocation, I'm really proud of what we were able to do in the quarter. The health and the quality of the homebuilding operations continues to generate outstanding cash flows. And so we were able to do a lot in the quarter. We're very pleased with the total amount of land that we've been able to invest in, in the year. We sit at right at $3 billion year-to-date and are on track for $4 billion, which will be a big year for the company. We had an outstanding quarter of returning funds to shareholders, and that's something that is very consistent with -- and right in line with our capital allocation philosophy of investing in the business and returning funds to shareholders. So I think 2 kind of very solid checkmarks there.  As it relates to, Mike, your question on land pipeline, the thing that I'd highlight is that we've got 54% of our controlled pipeline under option. We've set a target of 50%. We've passed that number, and it's something that we really are pleased with, what our teams have been able to do to continue to maintain optionality with the overall land supply.  Turning to your question on 3.7 of years supply, Mike, that number would be calculated using the trailing 12 months closings. I think that's certainly an acceptable convention in terms of how you would look at what the own pipeline is. That number is less if you look forward, and I realize we haven't given visibility to what that forward number is. But I think we've very clearly highlighted our desire to grow. And you've seen the early end of that with the amount of capital that we've been investing into the business.  So the other thing that I'd also just mentioned, and we've been consistent in stating that we haven't changed our land underwriting guidelines, and we continue to approve land deals that are right in line with our target of 3 years owned land.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike. It's a fair question, and I realize that there's a lot of interest in this area from investors, and we're anticipating getting to the end of the fourth quarter when we can kind of give you more of a guide. The biggest driver is price, Mike, and I think you've seen that over the course of the year. You see what's happened in our backlog. And so that ought to give you a reasonable information to use and how much is there. We've highlighted the fact that our highest lumber loads are coming in Q3 and Q4, and we start to get benefits as we move into Q1 and Q2 of next year. So there's a lot of benefit there on the lumber side. As we're experiencing today, not only in Q3 but also Q4, we've got some incremental costs that we're paying today.  And as Bob suggested to one of the prior questions, we've got to see what the next 3 to 4 months look like in terms of how much of that we'll continue to have to pay. And they're essentially bounties. We're spending money above and beyond what we've contracted for in order to get the homes across the finish line at the quality standard that we expect. So I know it's less than a fulsome answer, but we're going to leave it as we currently see room for margin expansion next year, and I'm going to probably leave it at that.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Anthony, thanks for the question. We are in the process of fitting out that space in South Carolina. We'd expect to be delivering product out of there in mid-2022. So that's on track at this point in time. In terms of kind of broader supply chain implications, I would tell you that the primary reason that we continue to roll out and expand our off-site manufacturing capability is related to labor availability. And we really believe that the automated nature of those off-site facilities will help to -- help us weather what will be a prolonged labor headwind within the space over the next 8 to 10 years as the current labor force continues to age out. So the current supply chain challenges, I think, are more around raw materials and more around logistics and truck drivers candidly.  So while certainly having your own facilities, you're in a bit more control of your destiny, those factories need raw materials as well. And clearly, those are in short supply. So we remain very optimistic and bullish about what the off-site facilities can do for our business and remain on the path of building 6 to 8 of these facilities over the next number of years.
Ryan Marshall: Well, the only other trend I'd highlight is that we've actually seen continued strength as we've moved out of Q3 and into October. I think, normally, you would see some seasonality in sales paces and trends, and we're quite pleased with the activity that we've seen so far sitting here in the third week of October.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Matt, it's Ryan. We have worked hard to get more spec into the pipeline. I think we've been highlighting for the last 2 or 3 quarters that ideal for us is to be 25% to 30% of our total inventory -- of our total inventory stack. We're -- we've got 1,000 more specs in the pipeline today than we did a year ago. So we're very happy about that. It's still only 17% of our total production. So we're a full 10% to kind of 13% below where we'd optimally like to be. So it's better.  We highlighted the fact that where we've restricted sales more is in our first-time communities. That also happens to be where we're rebuilding that spec pipeline. So look, if we can continue to have some success there, we can move those units along, we can get them closer to being ready for delivery. That's when you put those on the market for that buyer group. And certainly, our hope would be that we've got more available to sell as we move through Q4 and into Q1 next year.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, I'm not -- I'm probably not in a position to make a great comparison there with specific data other than anecdotally. The one thing I would highlight is, I think, it's the benefit of our build-to-order model. In our build-to-order model, I think we continue to give customers the ability to choose their lot, their floor plan and to personalize the home in the way that they see the most value. And so I do think that our strategic pricing model, which we probably haven't talked about as much over the last couple of quarters because things have been so frenzy, I think that does continue to give us some pricing power that's a competitive advantage relative to our peers would be probably the biggest thing that I would highlight.  Related to that model, a big component of it is the option in the lot premiums, and that's up 7% year-over-year. So we've seen some nice growth from those 2 things, which are, I think, you all appreciate big contributors to our overall margin and profitability.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Mike, there's a lot in that question. So let me unpack a few pieces, and I'm going to start with absorptions per community. We -- what I'd start with is I'd reiterate the continued strong demand that we've seen from consumers, not only in the quarter, but what's continued into October. If -- our orders and absorptions in the quarter, while maybe lower than what we would have liked, I'd want to highlight a couple of things. Number one, except for entry level, the absorptions that we had in the quarter were consistent with what we had in the prior year. So Bob highlighted that in his prepared remarks. The change there was completely driven by the community count decline. The exception to that is entry level, where we had more -- we had lower absorptions and lower sign-ups relative to the drop that we saw on the community count.  The area that I'd probably highlight is Texas. Texas is a state where we have a lot of entry-level Centex communities, and that happens to be a place where we've significantly restricted lot sales as we rebuild that spec pipeline. So all in all, we feel really good about the way that homes are selling and the underlying demand that continues to be there.  In terms of cost, Mike, I would tell you, I think we're doing things where we believe we can make a difference. So if we can get the material, if we can put it on a truck, if we can send somebody to the other side of the state to pick it up and get it, we're going to do it. And I don't -- I think the added costs are to simply compensate people for the extra time and effort that's going into getting it done. So I don't feel that we're doing anything unreasonable or being held hostage to do anything.  We're also really thinking about our customer. That's something that we put first and foremost in everything we do. We're really proud of the quality of the homes that we build. And so we're not going to deliver incomplete homes or rush things across the finish line that we don't believe meet our quality standards. And we're kind of unwavering on that.  So in terms of kind of how much we're paying relative to what our competitors are paying, I think my sense is we're very competitive there. I don't think we're doing anything that would be out of line relative to the competition. So we feel pretty good about what we've been able to do given the operating conditions that not only this industry is in, the whole world is in.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Stephen, and I would highlight, you mentioned it, we're warehousing things like windows. If we can get them, we are ordering them earlier than we need them. You're putting them in a storage unit or a warehouse, and we're hauling those windows when we need it. So that's part of those incremental costs as well.
Ryan Marshall: But there is more in Q4 than there was in Q3, which I think we've also highlighted for a number of quarters, Stephen, that the highest load was coming in Q4. And that's incorporated and has been incorporated into the guide that we've given.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Eric, thanks for the question. It is different than what we highlighted 45 days ago. And I think it's just the continued disruption that is going on in the supply chain world. So every day, as we move things down the production line, we're making an assessment as to whether or not it will deliver in the quarter. There were homes that were in production where we were anticipating getting certain supplies that we needed in order to meet a Q4 delivery. And once you cross kind of certain kind -- kind of critical path dates, you start to run out of days where you can compress schedules. And so candidly, things slide. Our run rate at this point in time is 100 to 150 homes a day. So you lose 2, 3, 4 days of time due to delays, and the numbers -- the numbers have been adjusted as we've indicated today.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. So we've got great visibility into the land that we own and the -- specifically which communities that, that land is allocated to. We've got good visibility into how those communities are moving through the entitlement and the development process. Certainly, those are subject to or run the risk of delays just like the vertical side. But given what we see in our pipeline and adjusting for what we think will be headwinds next year, we are very confident that we'll see community count growth and expansion into next year. So we'll give you the specific numbers at the end of Q4, Eric, but we're confident enough that we've hit the low point that we can give you at least a preview that we'll see expansion in Q4 and nice expansion into next year as well.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes. I'll start with the fourth quarter, Truman. We obviously have taken down our margin expectation for Q4 depending on which where you pegged the margin, call it, 60 or 70 basis points from what we had originally guided. And I would suggest the way to think about that is we've got mix changes very consistent with what we had in the third quarter as stuff has moved out of the fourth quarter into '22. That's probably 30 basis points of it. And then incremental costs -- and you heard us talk about it in the prepared remarks, to get things done today is about $2,000 a house for us, which is about 40 basis points. And so that's sort of the magnitude of what we're seeing in the fourth quarter.  We didn't provide a guide for '22 gross margins, but we obviously did highlight the significant pricing that we're seeing in our backlog. It's up $78,000 a unit or 18%. Plus, we'll have lower lumber cost. Now lumber is variable. It's moved down. It moved up a little bit. We'll see where that lands. But we'll see, on a sequential basis, as we get into '22, some decreases. So certainly, the structure is there for lower margins. We'll give an estimate of what that is as we release our fourth quarter...
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Jim, had a hard look on his face. I apologize for that. And we'll give you some visibility to that as we release our fourth quarter earnings, and we'll have obviously better visibility into the year at that point.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Well, to be clear, we haven't given a margin expectation for next year. And part of the reason for that, Alan, is because we want to give ourselves the opportunity to really evaluate that question more fully. Certainly, the supply chain is not going to cure itself in the next 3 months, probably not the next 6. Anybody's guess as to how long beyond that. And so there will be continued constraints.  You also have kind of working in the other direction that most builders are kind of pushing towards their year-end in Q3 and Q4, so there's more kind of demand for service and materials. And that will mitigate to a degree in the first half of next year. So I think a lot of it will depend on how the supply chain kind of moves forward from here. And again, it's one of the reasons that we are waiting until the fourth quarter, not just convention, but also we think we'll get better information as we get into December, January, I can answer that question more fully.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes. We are still restricting sales in more than half of our communities today. And even in the ones where we're not, we're seeing strong traffic such that when we bring lots to market we're able to sell them. I don't think -- I'm looking at Ryan and Jim. Any other trends? I've nothing of note, no.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: In terms of forward mix, it varies by quarter. Candidly, in the current quarter, it was about 29% of our sign-ups. Prior year, it was about 25%. So you may see a 1% or 2% or 3% kind of mix shift. Interestingly, given the way the market has behaved, there isn't a significant difference today in the margin profile of that business versus the move-up or entry level. So I don't think it causes any significant change and it hasn't really for the last couple of years. The market is pretty strong across the board. You saw 8% price increase first-time, 10% move-up, 8% active adults. So we're seeing kind of that rising tide lift all boats.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Stephen, you summarized it correctly. It's -- I wouldn't have thought of scrambling costs, but it's not a bad descriptor. We, in our more recent commentary, told folks that we saw kind of 9% to 11% inflationary costs. And we're still there, and this is just the things we're doing above and beyond that to get stuff done. And you heard Ryan talk about some of those in his prepared remarks. Literally, paint suppliers don't have paint, so we're asking people to drive to go buy paint in retail stores. That's not normal. It's not the way we do business. We are shipping trusses from market A to market B. Again -- because there was a truss factory buyer in market B that limited the production capability there.  And there are myriad examples of that. And they're different for different types of construction. They are different, different markets for us. You kind of mash it all together, and that's the $2,000 a unit. So on some units, it might not be much at all. On others, it might be $8,000, depending on the circumstance. That kind of blend to that $2,000. I might steal scrambling costs, so thank you for that.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: These are incremental costs as we've kind of -- we're 3 months smarter, Stephen, because of what we're seeing in the field real-time.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, Stephen, the mix commentary is not on product, it's on geography. And we had highlighted that in the market update in our conversations then. Essentially, what has happened is the margins on some of the units that got pushed from Q3 into Q4 were higher-margin units. And similarly, the ones that got pushed from Q4 into next year are higher-margin units. Part of that is just where they are in the production cycle, part of it is geography in terms of where they are. We always highlight that mix matters. We will get that margin. It's just a little bit later than we thought.  And in terms of lumber, no, we have pretty good visibility into our lumber pricing. We know what the lumber packs are going to be on our -- we knew what they were on Q3. We know what they are in Q4. We have pretty good visibility into what they're going to be next year. And so that wasn't -- the lumber component hasn't changed in what we thought and what we're guiding.
