Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. As we've commented, homebuyer demand in the second quarter was strong and continued to exceed the expectation we had coming into the year. In the overwhelming majority of our markets, local pricing dynamics are stable to positive, and we continue to find opportunities to modestly increase net pricing in many of our communities. Further, at an absorption pace of 2.9 homes per month for the period, sales pace for the second quarter was above last year and generally above our pre-COVID averages. Demand in the second quarter was fairly consistent from month to month. And as you would anticipate, with a 24% increase in orders, we generally saw positive demand across our markets, which has continued into the month of July. That being said, on a relative basis, there are communities in our Western markets where we are still having to adjust pricing and/or incentives to entice buyers into our communities and ensure we continue to turn our assets. Given the higher interest rate environment, one of the changes we have seen is the slight increase in the number of cash buyers, particularly among our active adult customers. As this buyer group moves into our plans for retirement, they are making the decision to carry less mortgage debt given today's higher rates.  At the other end of the price spectrum, final purchase decisions among first-time buyers are also being impacted by higher rates. As data suggests, some first-time buyers are opting to go with less square footage or fewer options and upgrades as buyers need to purchase a home in today's dynamic market environment is why our ability to offer a significant mortgage incentive nationally is such an effective sales tool. With that said, our first-time buyers remain financially resilient as personal savings remain the primary source of down payment. At the same time, we continue to see millennials are getting self-support from parents if they need help making the move into homeownership. One final note as to buyer sentiment, recent feedback from our first-time buyers indicate that an overwhelming majority bought a new construction Pulte home rather than an existing home because they felt it offered the best overall value. We've been extremely thoughtful about the home designs we are putting on the ground and the incentives we are offering to help ensure we are offering a compelling value to our customers. These comments in combination with our 28% increase in second quarter orders within the first-time buyer group indicate our efforts are meeting with success.  In closing, I want to thank the entire PulteGroup team for their efforts in delivering such outstanding operating and financial results. Beyond the numbers we show in our financial statements, and continue to provide exceptional homes and home buying experiences to our customers. I will now turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: John, good morning. It's Ryan. Thanks for the question. We're really pleased with how all of our consumer groups have been performing and certainly, how we saw the strength of sign-ups by consumer group in the most recent quarter. The mix of business, I think, is very consistent with what you've seen from us over the past 12 months. And as we mentioned in some of our prepared remarks, it's totally in line with kind of our stated goals. So really nothing there that I would highlight of note. And then in terms of kind of the forward kind of margin profile, we've given both a guide for Q3 and Q4, which I think what you want to read into that is that's where we see the business for the balance of the year, we're clearly not giving anything kind of beyond that at this point.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, John, we've actually seen that be pretty stable in terms of the number of orders that are coming from our spec production, which is part of the reason we spent quite a bit of time talking about that today. We like the investment community to understand that the way we're running our production machine is very specific and intentional by buyer group.  Specifically, to your point with the first-time buyer group, that business is predominantly a spec business for us. The margins are lower to your point, which is a reversion to what we saw in pre-COVID kind of times that our first-time business was our lowest margin. We typically get a couple of hundred basis points higher out of our move-up and family business. And then our highest margin will come out of our active adult communities.  We're definitely seeing that today. That's the other point that I would really highlight for you in kind of the guide that we've given for margins for the balance of the year. A big part of our business or a big chunk of our business is from our first time entry-level business, which is all incorporated into that guide.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike. I'll let Bob maybe give you a little more detail on kind of the discounts in the quarter, which we actually -- we've seen kind of come down just a tab sequentially. So, in terms of the discounts, we are effectively using our discount money toward mortgage rate buydowns. It's particularly affected with that first-time buyer.  I think the reports and some of the data that's out there on mortgage rate environment, which suggests the sweet spot for most buyers is somewhere around 5.5%. So for us, it's really been to reallocating incentive dollars away from things that buyers may have previously used those incentives toward we're finding a lot of those incentives are being used in the mortgage rate environment.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Carl. Two things there. We did see price increases in some of our communities in two-thirds of the division. So it wasn't every division, it wasn't every single community. But we are seeing pockets of strength where we're able to, to your question, I'll answer the affirmative, it is a net increase in net pricing and it's coming through all of the options that you listed. So there are modest increases. And those are -- I would note that those are off of what we would consider adjusted kind of current cycle floor pricing. So we feel like we've seen a bit of strengthening in the overall sales environment, which allowed us to modestly increase pricing.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Carl. I don't have a specific number for you on backlog conversion of that specific buyer group. We could follow up with you offline on that. The things that we're really monitoring there, we're running a -- with that spec business, specifically, we're running a predictable and consistent monthly with start rate. And we've worked to match that start rate to what we believe our monthly sales rate has been, is and will be. And so it's part of what you heard me talk about in my prepared remarks around getting our start rate matched to the sales rate, which we think we've effectively done. And then the second question cycle times, Carl, yes, we're starting to see those come down very much in line with our anticipated improvements throughout the year. It's not been easy, it's been a lot of hard work by our procurement teams, our construction managers and certainly our trade partners that have helped us to reduce those cycle times. So we're seeing at least a couple of weeks come out of the cycle times and certainly starts that are going in the ground today. We'd expect to maybe even get a little bit more by the time that those deliver. That's been a big contributor to our success, not only in Q2, but to the updated and increased guide for full year closings that we've provided today.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen. I'm reluctant to answer your first question because we haven't provided any view beyond the third and fourth quarters. And so I'm going to pass on that. And then in terms of the absorption paces, we haven't provided that level of detail. What I can tell you is that in the current operating environment, the quickest-growing part of the business is move-up right now, interestingly enough. So absorptions there grew faster. We had absorption growth across all three demographics. And so we had highlighted 28% growth in the first time, 33% in the move-up and 7% in the active adult. But on a per store basis, all of them were up. The richest contributor to that actually was the move-up space.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Matthew, I think that's the biggest driver is there's just such a shortage of supply and fewer options for that move-up buyer to choose from. So as a percentage of the available choices that are out there, new homes have become a much bigger piece of that. And I think you're seeing our move-up business benefit from that. I would share that we've got great communities, we've got excellent designs. The quality of the homes that we're building, I think, are really speaking to that move-up buyer that's looking to add more space or get a newer, more energy-efficient, more technological advanced homes.  So I think those things are working to our advantage as well. And in this higher interest rate environment, our ability to offer our national mortgage rate incentive program to the move-up buyer is meaningful as well. That's a tool that we're able to effectively leverage that the resale market is not at the same degree. So I think a number of factors there with the headline being there's just less inventory out there.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan, thanks for the questions. Ryan. A couple of things. Maybe I'd start with there. For starters, we actually did increase our projected land spend number about a quarter ago. So when we went into the year, I think we were right around $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion. We've moved that up with the high end and as high as $4 billion, certainly down from last year, and that was intentional.  When we look at our controlled lot supply, we've got 215,000 lots, plus or minus, under control. Over half of those are controlled via options. So we feel pretty good about kind of what's in the pipeline and what that will mean for the business. Market share and growth are certainly part of our story and part of the things that we're trying to do with our strategy.  To your question, Alan, around what are we seeing in the land market, I'd tell you that we're able to get deals done. It is a competitive market, and there certainly isn't anything that's being liquidated or fire sold, but we are to -- our land teams are doing a nice job finding good opportunities, and we've stayed consistent with our disciplined underwriting process, which has yielded the types of results and quarters that we've delivered over the last several years. So our plan is to stick with that to continue, to stay very balanced and disciplined and running a good business and being really laser focused on picking our spots with where we're investing more capital.  So to this point, I don't think we need to do anything along the lines of put the pedal to the metal. I think we're going to continue to be foot on the gas, but we're going to continue to focus on monetizing the 214,000 lots that we have, which we'll see what the market holds, but I think that will give us an opportunity to continue to run a very nice business that will grow in the market.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan. We haven't seen it become a problem for buyers to make the decision to move into our Florida communities. And in fact, our Florida business has been one of our strongest best-performing regions. And we've got a very diversified business in Florida that ranges from entry level to a heavy move-up business in Tampa and Orlando. And then when you get into South Florida, our active adult consumer and second home buyers are very prevalent. We've got great businesses there. Part of our financial services operation, we have an insurance company. We aggregate and we talk about the numbers and the business that they generate as part of our overall financial service portfolio. But we find that our captive insurance agency does a nice job helping to solve some of those problems.  Florida is one of those places, Alan, and I think over the years. There's been an ebb and flow of insurers that are in the market, they leave, they come back, having lived in Florida personally for a long time. I saw that happened over the last 15 years with my own insurance companies, but they wouldn't renew, they'd leave for a few years and then inevitably, they come back and they want the business again. So we'll keep an eye on it. California is the other state that there's been a lot in the news media recently about a lot of insurance companies that have left the state due to large losses. So certainly, things that we want to keep an eye on. I would highlight that there are -- there is a view that new homes performed better. They're in -- from a flood standpoint, they're up to spec out of the flood plain, higher than homes that have been developed in recent past. The drainage systems are more prevalent. They're built to current code. You've got new electrical, they're more energy efficient. So there's an argument to say there's potentially less risk with newer constructed homes.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Truman, we're -- look, we're always balancing our production machine with the amount of developed land that we have in front of us as well as what our trade capacity is. But other than a unique community here or there that is way oversubscribed, we're not in the type of allocation restriction mode that we saw maybe during COVID.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. I think we highlighted that some of that in our prepared remarks, and there was a question earlier, we have in certain geographies and certain communities have been able to modestly increase prices from what was arguably a pricing floor after we made adjustments late last year. So part of that is related to an effective use of the mortgage incentive, which we've used to help solve some affordability challenges. But part of that is there's a real shortage of inventory and the market is allowing us to make some modest price increases. So all of that's kind of reflected in the results that we had for Q2 as well as the guide that we've given for the balance of this year.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. We actually believe that we still got opportunity to continue to do more. And Bob highlighted it in the question that he just answered a minute ago for Truman. As it relates to cash, as we feel that we've got opportunity to continue to reduce cycle time, not only in the balance of this year, but well into '24. It's predominantly coming from a healing of the supply chain and removing a lot of the inefficiencies that crept in, given -- but we had a broken supply chain and trades were incredibly inefficient. So we're making progress. We're pleased with it, but we're probably nowhere near where we'd like to be. Our target still remains getting back to pre-COVID cycle times, which is where I think the company can operate.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. So the supply chain is mostly healthy. There are certainly pockets of places where we're continuing to focus. But I think labor, while tight, it's generally available, and we're making -- we're using it efficiently, and it's working. Supply chain, we feel pretty good about. The one area that I'd highlight is electrical components, specifically around switch gear that goes into multifamily buildings, so townhomes and condos. Those are more unique and sometimes customized products that are difficult to find in the cycle. And the lead time to get those things ordered has continued to extend. The other one would be transformer, so transformers that go into the horizontal land development side of things. Those are also in short supply. So a couple of things on the electrical component side. Other than that, I would tell you that labor and supply chain are operating pretty effectively.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Let me take the ICG piece. We're really pleased with how that business is operating. We have two factories up and operational that are doing well for us, and we're very pleased with what we're getting there. We've talked about once we get some additional factories up and open and it's covering a bigger percentage of the business we'll share more detail about the cycle time gains, the cost savings that we're seeing from that business, but we're really pleased with what that team is doing. In terms of the first part of your question, it...
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alex, when we made our first acquisition around our off-site our off-site manufacturing efforts. We said we believe we can have up to about eight plants that will impact about 70% of our overall production volume. That's still the path that we're on. We're -- we haven't announced any new openings, but the strategic direction of eight plants over time and 70% of the business still holds firm.
Ryan Marshall: I gave the total control, but I give you the owned is 14,000 lots. The option is 110,000 lots for a total control of 214,000 lots.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alex, we gave -- we kind of gave our updated land guide, which is at $4 billion, which is a lot of money. It's not an insignificant investment in our overall land portfolio. Roughly half of that is new acquisition. The other half of that spend is on development on lots that we already own. 214,000 lots gives us certainly ample runway and supply for our go-forward business and going back to some of the answers that I gave on similar questions earlier, we're really confident in our land acquisitions team to continue to find good spots, negotiate what we believe are fair in market prices that will continue to help us generate industry-leading returns and gross margins and help us continue to grow the business.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. So we had highlighted that a couple of things influence it relative to our guide. One is we got better pricing on specs than we were projecting. And the second was the mix of communities that we got closings from looked a little bit different than we thought. So you can see from the sales environment that the market was pretty strong. We were able to translate that in the specs that we saw. Really, those are the two primary drivers that's why we called it out, Rafe [ph].
Pablo Shaughnessy: Sorry, yes, there's no shoe, right? We have provided a guide. And so if you're focused on sales activity from the back half of '22, it has either closed or somewhat limited circumstances will close over the next three to six months. So it's in our P&L already or reflected in the guide that we have given. The relativity of our markets to the space, if you think about it, our margins didn't go up quite as much in '21 and into the beginning half of '22. And part of the reason for that was we didn't have as much spec production as others did.  And so they were pricing product at the time it was completed, getting full value for it whereas we were contracting often times three and six and nine months ahead of time. And so some of the price appreciation that went on in the market during the time we were constructing the home, we didn't feel the full benefit of that in our margin profile then. And so you saw kind of the really spec-heavy builders capturing every dollar of value. Now against the next -- if you think about the back half of '23-- sorry, of '22 and into '23, they were once again pricing at market. They had the full cost of a heavy lumber load, honestly, and an inflationary environment influencing their cost structure and prices weren't running quite as quickly, particularly in that entry level. So I think their reversion reflected the underwriting of land that they bought and the timing of their construction. Ours, again, for that spec business, we are fully engaged now on that. Again, that is -- you're seeing that in our margins today. It's always worth it to highlight we typically play at a little bit higher price point in that entry-level business, a little bit closer in. And so it's not quite apples-to-apples with some of our competitive set. So I don't want to sound defensive, but there's nothing really unique in this quarter's margin or we would have called it out. There's nothing unique that's coming in the next couple of quarters and the margin is going to stay pretty strong.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes, it's a couple of things. One, we are an inflationary environment. Our land is more expensive, labor is more expensive, materials more expensive. You can see lumbers trending up given the faster cycle some of that is going to come into our production in the back half of the year. And then certainly, the mix on a geographic basis matters. And so we'll see some contributions from some margin communities that we've had to adjust as we've gone through the year. It's normal. So I know it's a non-answer, but mix always matters in that conversation.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes. As always, as Ryan said, land is not on sale. We have not seen opportunities on large-scale things for banks or private market transactions of any substance. And in terms of the current activity levels, I think it's a combination of both and it probably depends on where you are in the country.  There are parts of the country where we have seen some willingness to negotiate on land because the market is a little stickier than it was 18 or 24 months ago. But by and large, no, the market is pretty firm. And we are -- we have not changed our underwriting screen at all. Based on activity levels that we see and can project, we're able to make them underwrite, but they're not on sale.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes. I think on the land side, and we always answer it this way, we don't have any ramp up or ramp down in our land portfolio. And so the normal inflationary aspect we see comes if we buy land in three-year increments. We develop it. We then build on it and cost it off. And so we've seen a pretty steady increase. I wouldn't want to put a particular percentage on it because it varies on when we are in the -- if you think over the last five years, the way pricing has moved. On the vertical side and even on the horizontal development side to get outside of the acquisition side of the dirt, we came into the year projecting, call it, 12% to 14% increase in costs. We've been able to dial that down. We highlighted on the last call, we were 8% to 9%. We're still there. So our total house cost is up about that year-over-year, and that's going to be inclusive of lumber save earlier in the year. It started to pick back up, materials and labor is the real driver of that. We've been able to work with our trades to try and find efficiencies. Ryan talked about it.  We want to be a production consistent cadence of starts, consistency in the production cycle that makes it easier for the trades. And now that the supply chain is healthier, we've been able to reduce some of the cost increases through efficiency, not on the purchasing side for materials because, again, that inflationary aspect is there. And when you kind of wash all that together, we're seeing costs up, like I said, 8% to 9%.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes. We haven't given guide on that Tru, but you're exactly right. I mean, if you think about it, we generated $1.5 billion through the first six months of the year. And if you put, I think, the closing volumes and the cost estimates for margins and for SG&A, the operating margin on that forward business at a sales price of $540 million is pretty rich. And certainly, inventory levels will change. But we think actually that we have an opportunity to reduce our investment in-house over the balance of the year because of the improvement in cycle times. So to your point, we're going to generate a bunch of cash in the back half of the year.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Susan, I'll try. It's Bob. I think we are seeking to be efficient with our capital. We've got share repurchase activity we highlighted. We've got $400 million that we've done this year already. But we're creating a lot of equity through the earnings of the business. So I think the modeling that you're trying to do doesn't really factor into our decision making, right? We're making investment decisions on ability to generate return over time. Do I think that there's an opportunity to do better than we've done historically? Yes, of course, we can be more efficient with our balance sheet. So we highlighted earlier this year that we had $1 billion of extra capital tied up in-house. We've long talked about trying to increase the optionality of our land book, which would be an opportunity for us as well. We're at 50% today -- 51%, sorry. So I think if we can make progress on those fronts, we have an opportunity to continue to generate really strong returns through time.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes. I don't know that there's -- I wouldn't want to put guardrails around anything we do. Yes, we've been pretty clear and it's 10-plus years now in terms of how we're going to allocate our capital. We've also been, I think, pretty clear that we don't take a point in time assessment of that. We have a business plan and a model that we've created, and we iterate through time that we use to make the decisions on how to invest that capital and just a refresher in the business first and high return. We want to pay a dividend. We use excess capital to buy back stock we'll manage that against leverage. We've reduced the expected leverage in the business. If you think back a decade ago, we said between 30% and 40% gross debt to cap. We adjusted that 20% to 30%. We're under that today. I think you could see us do lots of things. And I wouldn't want to say, well, if we have more than x dollars of cash, we're going to do something different. We'll continue down the same path. We spent time with the Board working through the different capital decisions we make. And I think that's exactly what will be going forward.
Pablo Shaughnessy: It's interesting. I would tell you, we're -- you're asking if there are productivity gains. If I understood the question correctly, you're asking if there are productivity gains that we've gained by virtue of the pandemic that we might be able to save post pandemic. I would tell you exactly the opposite is true. We have a less efficient business, and it shows up in our cycle times, right? And the supply chain dynamics caused us to lose production efficiency. And you heard Ryan say it a minute ago, we think we've got opportunity to improve from here on that.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes, we've been pretty clear. We had targeted 50% a year or so ago, we increased that to a target of 70%. We have gotten to a point, I think at the richest, we were at 56%. We walked from about 60,000 lots over the back half of 2022. When you pulled us back down closer to 50%, now we're starting to rebuild again, very large. We had highlighted, we've been able to increase that in this most recent quarter. And again, the target still remains to try to be about 70%.
