Richard J. Dugas: Mike, this is Richard, in talking to our leadership team it's fairly consistent around the whole Metro area of Houston, but as indicated higher price points seem to be a little bit slower. We're very pleased with demand of the lower price points. But I wouldn’t note any particular submarkets has been stronger or weaker than others.
Richard J. Dugas: No, I think the reason we noted it Mike is that typically you would see stronger demand in March then you would say in February or January and we did not see that through the quarter. I don’t have any specific on exactly how many units it was I would point out that but Houston is an important market for us we go very balanced portfolio throughout not only Houston but also through the state of Texas in the country. So frankly we are not particularly worried about it and continue to like the overall benefit that lower oil prices give a whole country as opposed to the headwinds potentially for Houston.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Mike, it’s Richard again, good question. I think as opposed to regional trends which frankly we felt that the country was pretty consistent what we continue to be pleased with is our ability to drive option revenue and lot premiums higher and this is the multiple quarters in a row that Bob has commented that we have been able to take those numbers up. That’s indicative of a fairly healthy market. As we indicated in our prepared remarks we do have higher input cost land as an example coming through the income statement which everybody does. But I would say we generally believe that the pricing environment is more favorable than not as we go through the balance of the year. So we are optimistic as we indicated we are guiding for 23% margins for the year implying a little bit of growth through the balance of the year so we feel good about pricing.
Richard J. Dugas: No, I think that’s exactly right. I just wanted to – you already said it Bob, clarified that we were speaking to gross margins, not operating here.
Richard J. Dugas: And Bob I would just add that we clearly believe our land buying discipline is very, very helpful to returns its also one of the regions that our margins not only are among industry leader several 100 basis points higher than many in the space, but also the reason that we continue to guide for a more positive margin trajectory versus the industry and we believe at the land discipline serves as well. For it’s not about a lot of unit volume although we are pleased with the volume performance it’s about higher returns the combination of the appropriate volume and strong margins.
Richard J. Dugas: Bob, this is Richard. That’s a great question, two things there. I think it’s fair to say that the comps are little bit tougher, but we did have an unusually core mix of closings in Q1 relative to ASP and frankly we don’t think we did it great job highlighting that last call. So the numbers were down pretty substantially simply do to mix. So as I indicated earlier one of the earlier questions we are pleased with pricing trends and you see that through premiums and options trends overall. So it’s a little bit about but we did have a particular weak Q1 mix.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Ivy we agree with you on that FHA is clearly accommodated for the Centex brand. It is more land underwriting criteria kind of to one of the earlier questions it’s about pace coming back strongly enough to support the kind of returns we want. I will say we are optimistic with what we’ve seen in Q1 and our markets are really watching that and the potential to invest further in that category I think is rising. One of the thing I know as Bob indicated earlier in the middle of studying this category in detail, we are actually breaking that study into two different portions. One, we’re calling the urban millennial buyer and the other we’re calling sort of the suburban value buyer and we do think that both of those categories behave a little bit differently. But later this year we are going to have more color on what we believe drives those of course we are watching the market overall, so we're optimistic that we could see a change in our investment portfolio over time we have not yet and we are still seeing vast majority of our land transactions at Pulte, but yes we agree that FHA is accommodated for the inter-level buyer. With regard to the comment around tight underwriting criteria however it is very, very clear that credit in our opinion is two types in general and we are also and we put in our prepared remarks don’t think you are going to see much change in that regard, but that has to do with QM and QRM just being a very tight underwriting box overall and that’s why we are making that comment.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Ivy I think you are right the construct of the offering is good, it’s the underwriting discursion or lack there I think we are talking about, so whether it’s credit overlays or just an inability for the people who are underwriting loans to say I see a blemish and I understand it and I can document around it. People aren’t really willing to do that yet and so the rep and warrant issue that has been sort of an overhanging the industry we believe still impacts loan generation. So that tightness we are talking about isn’t around the product or how affordable it is or how accessible it is to a particular buyer group, it’s really that – it’s tough to get a mortgage approved.
Richard J. Dugas: Hi, I think we haven’t given any forward guidance on that and we look at candidly as we go through the year. I think the fact that we now done a couple of quarters that $100 million is indicative of what we are thinking for 2015. Because the only thing offer on top of that is as we look at our cash position and we look at our cash generation and what we are going to utilize our cash for we will adjust that over time. So as we for instance go through our reforecasting process each quarter here we look at what is our cash position. How much we are going to be investing in the business what we are getting need to run the business and obviously $1 billion in cash still higher than we would like to carry.
Richard J. Dugas: Here just talk about that will use cash actually to likely pay down the debt that matures in the second quarter. Again we are looking at ways to trying utilize some of the cash.
Richard J. Dugas: Stephen this is Richard. I would say a couple of things. We clearly intend and optimistic that we can drive returns higher in the coming years. We don’t have a particular target out there other than that is crystal clear throughout the organization that our view is to our number one goal financial is to drive higher returns. With regard to allocation we are very consistent we go we said our December Investor Day our first priority is to invest in the business and we are pleased with getting our communities open and we’re pleased with the ability we believe to hit our targeted committee count for the year. That’s our number one goal. Second is to continue to fund an increasing dividend, third is any opportunistic M&A and then residual cash on a very systematic basis back to shareholders. So that last one is going to fluctuate depending on our ability to invest in the business and as Bob indicated we stepped up here in the last couple of quarters. So we feel like we're doing exactly what we said we would we're very pleased with our performance we’re pleased with the environment, we’re pleased with the quarter we feel like we’re doing exactly what we said we will be doing.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, we obviously keep tracking everybody else and the good news is that for the significant majority of our material input cost, we see either flatter even in some release as number gets talked about a lot of the packages are trending nicely maybe the one out layer that is concrete where we would see some price pressure. So all in all I think we had talked about coming into the year maybe 1% increase in pricing and we’ve certainly see that or maybe even a little bit better I don’t know I think it was backwards, but it’s not working against us in a large sense so a positive results there.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, it’s a great question, so [indiscernible] here talked about August first is the date goes live and there are lot of people and lot of companies working really hard on this. It’s kind of a complete reboot of the documentation process and we don’t use a lot of outside lenders obviously so our mortgage company has been diligently working on this for months since they announced it last year. We feel good about our ability to serve under the new guidelines, so I would tell you it should be business as usual for the Pulte mortgage company. If you are looking for things that could happen the possibility exist that not everybody is going to get there because it is a big undertaking and so for instances if we got a consumer that’s trading out of another home that has to sell their home, if their buyers lender isn’t able to close. So you might see some ripple through the industry around that. So I think we feel good about our ability to meet and serve under the new trader rules and regulations but this is a big deal. I've had a characterized me as it's more disruptive to the mortgage industry than the cumulative Dodd–Frank impact. And think about all the Dodd–Frank encompass so this is a big undertaking. I would read certain survey I don’t know if there is a right or wrong that close to half of the mortgage then might not be ready to do this. So we are will be ready to land but it’s a big undertaking.
Richard J. Dugas: Just two comments there we did indicate we miss some closings in Q1 and you referenced and coming back in Q2 we have been clear on this call most of them are coming back in Q3 and Q4, just FYI. No there was no demand impact from weather in Q1, we are very pleased with demand it exceeded our expectations. We are pleased with the sales volume we had and we are also pleased with April. April appears to be unfolding at a normal seasonal rate which is a good selling month.
Richard J. Dugas: I think I can answer the first part. Community count we still feel very good about our ability to be between 600 and 620 for each of the fourth quarters this year. I think Bob has got a little commentary on control lots.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, will that’s tough to put a number on candidly, we do track every single market and every single community and we still have an emphasis in that area. And I would say we still have some opportunity. I can’t give you specific number. I will just tell you that it’s crystal clear around the organization that we are doing our best to drive returns. And clearly option revenue and lot premium revenue help.
Richard J. Dugas: Well, we don’t have Centex communities in all of our markets from where we did we saw a pretty robust change. Texas was good, the Southeast was good and that where a lot of our Centex product is, so it wasn’t isolated to anyone market. 
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, typically you are going to see what we are contracting today we’ll deliver in six months and so I think that’s – and based on what we buy, we have kind of a trailing pricing grid. So you would see benefit for current sales I should say changes in commodity pricing.
Richard J. Dugas: Buck, again absorptions have been steadily increasing throughout the last couple of years there and they were flat this time. So we are not disappointed in Del Webb overall we did have quite a few communities absorption selling efforts that rolled off as Bob indicated. And we do have some coming in the future. So its very difficult to say not exactly sure what’s happening in Del Webb collectively other than that, it continues to be a good performer we just didn’t particularly see the outsized performance this quarter.
Richard J. Dugas: One other comment there Buck, in talking to some of the operators in some of our strong Del Webb committees we do limit lot sales quite a bit. We don’t want to get too far out of our ability to produce and protect our ability to drive price forward and there is a number of communities where we had excellent performance that were holding the lines. So a little bit of this is self induced, just to ensure that we don’t get say a backlog that’s out of year as an example versus say six or seven months.
Richard J. Dugas: Yes, Ken, we did not give any total year or forward looking ASP number, we are going to continue to get the interest benefit through the year with regard to margin and then you know all the other components collectively obviously add up to that 23 number, so component of price or component of cost et cetera, I don’t know Bob do you have any more granularity that you want to share. 
Richard J. Dugas: Ken, this is Richard, there is so many moving parts there mix between costs between price, between all of those components, it’s difficult to give an exact number. I’ll just leave it with this, we are very, very pleased with our margin performance, we are at or near the top of the industry and we are very confident in our margin trajectory from here. I terms of exactly which components are driving the March performance it’s up to put a hand alone given the quarter-to-quarter variability. 
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, you are exactly right, Mike, we are focused on it as a buyer group in the whole of the Millennials and so we are doing some strategic work around how to approach that marketplace. In terms of how we buy land around that – that hasn’t changed, we are still focused on returns and what we're seeing still to this point is that closer in is where people are choosing to live and so we are seeing better opportunities to drive paces at prices that make sense in that move up space and in the active adult space. I think if we continue to see absorption rates increasing with solid pricing in the first time I think it will make more land available or attractive for that buyer group. So certainly we're focused on it because it is such a big cohort I wouldn't say we've seen a change in our buying patterns around that, but we are looking at ways to serve that group more specifically.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Well, I think Stephen the commentary was actually around gross margins, not operating margins, so SG&A wouldn’t be part of that, so our SG&A we’ve confirmed that we still think that 160 to 165 a quarter is a good number. And in terms of the gross margins itself as we look at the backlog and as we look at the overall housing in market and the fact that we will no longer have kind of suppression that came from the purchase accounting that we see opportunity and candidly we’ve obviously guided to a higher annual rate that we have in the first quarter. So we think that the margins are actually going to be a little bit higher through the balance of the year; mix always matters to that so if there was a larger proportion of first time closings that can move that a little bit, but I don’t think it moves it much on the whole. I don’t know Richard if do you want to…
Robert O'Shaughnessy: It certainly is year-over-year and certain degree – I mean its what folks are telling us they are seeing as they got negotiate land transaction, three quarters of the country our footprint in the country I would tell you is most of our markets and so I wouldn’t want to call one out versus another. I guess the point being really and we’ve said it for a couple of years now land doesn’t move quite as quickly down as it does up and there is I think again for the types of land parcels that we're interested in a competitive landscape. So we are working hard to make sure we buy in terms of that make sense and can support the returns that are – has set out as being requirements due to transaction and for those attracted parcels it’s a competitive set.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Hey, just would find point on that – think about the way the closing sequence works we are going get more closing from warm weather places which typically at lower ASP so its not mix by brands its really geography to drive that. If you look at our backlog you know ASP in the backlog is consistent year-over-year today. So March versus March and it actually up from December.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Right so that the backlog ASP today as I think 335 or $6000 versus the ASP that we actually printed at 323 in the first quarter. Again, geographic matters and were the closings are coming from.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Bob your are exactly right and its related to just being an able to get the homes close, no change in overall demand trends overall there we simply missed some units below our expectation in Q1 and most of that make up is going to be in Q3 and Q4. We will get about what we expected in Q2 but the make up unfortunately just given sort of the push and timing we are expecting the vast majority of that in the second half of the year. So it is transitory your timing issue having nothing to do with overall market demand.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: The only thing I would add to that Steve if you would focused on the debt repayment we got a maturity here in the second quarter I think it's $238 million not really a big enough bite for us to say let’s refinance it so I think what we’re looking at is we got cash we’ll pay it down, we’ve got a bigger maturity stack next year, it’s little bit under $500 million. And so I think if you think us, you’d see us looking at structuring leverage sometime over the next six to nine months – market conditions that were some activity this week that price pretty attractively. So the markets are still accommodative, so we will be looking at that over the next call it year, but for this maturity it just seems to us, we got the cash, we will use it and then be opportunistic and then we access after that.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, so from a Centex perspective Steven, we are pleased with what we’ve seen I think it’s a little too early to say whether it’s a 16 or 17 story more than this year, we have some large communities that are absorbing nicely throughout Texas, throughout the Southeast and in the Midwest and number of markets so we're feeling good about that. And with regard to margins just you know one comment over there we feel like land pressure is definitely coming through. But in terms of the comment that you are making we are very pleased with the margins you are right in the guidance range that we have they continue to be among the industry leaders, and we're guiding for flat to up margins from here. So we’re very pleased with that there is a lot of commentary out there about margins down. But we are right where we want to be and we intend to stay at or near the industry leaders. And then just one other thing on Centex just to be clear, we have not invested a lot in Centex over the past couple of years. So the likelihood of Centex continues to be a smaller portion of our deliveries in the coming quarters is still there and that’s okay. It will take some time to invest in Centex in the current timeframe reported manifest itself and we are watching the markets clearly to see when that happens.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, so if you look at the increase in our SG&A year-over-year about third of that increase we would contribute to community count opening. On top of that you’ve got the other two thirds being for people that characterize of that way. Some of them are community oriented so its in relation to opening new communities and other are so we talked about we made investments in IT training quality and so I would I think you will heard to say over time is that hour SG&A spend is not as variable as many. So this is something that we have pretty good visibility into the people and the processes that we are investing into improve and to enhance the value creation this is we have underway or largely going to be fixed going forward. So the people that we are hiring should work on the projects in IT that example to work on the training will be ongoing cost. And obviously we have pretty good visibility into our planned openings in the spend on community so we think we have pretty good inside to what’s happening in 2015 going forward obviously depending on how many new communities we have we will give you some color into variability of that expense each year.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: I think he was asking what happened to control lots over the past several quarters and how that’s going to impact community count side.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, our control lots have been [indiscernible] its relatively flat for the last couple of years when we have been replacing lots as we deliver them. We are up about 8,000 lots and in terms of – if you think about what’s happening inside that we are working through some older Del Webb community and we saw our Del Webb community count drop a little bit and we’re replacing and essentially with Pulte community, so you see that community count increased over the last several year. But again 8,000 lots in last 12 months. And I would characterize that as largely flat.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: We are talking about this probably 18 months now Jay, we have gotten incentives down to I think the one point was made here 1.5% or 6% which might be the comp working year-over-year and we’re at 2.1% last fourth quarter, we’re 2.2% now running between $5000 and $7000 a unit, we are not seeing anything I think you heard Richard talk about the current sales environment, we are not seeing big increases in incentives. So our expectation, since we are not doing spec business is that you really see that material.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes that will be market-by-market candidly so in markets that are busier you are going to see more labor pressure, you know obviously we still, we are one of the biggest builders in every market we operate in. So we got leverage capability with our trade, but if there is a lot of activity out there, sometimes we have to pay to get them.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: And the pricing there is still strong, the margin generation and the ASPs that we are getting from that buyer group were – they are still healthy and if and when they start to buy more actively it would really be beneficial.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Buck you have to remember we actually run our commissions through margins. So cost of goods sold, so that’s not a variable from SG&A.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: No, you know we don’t give quarterly views on the interest but we talked about the fact that we’d have 40 or 50 plus million dollar benefit this year in expense versus last year. And so you will see that come to the income statement and will vary by closings on a quarterly basis.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: Yes, Jim entitlements are incredibly difficult in every market, they tend to be a lot tougher on the cost and they are saying Texas as an example which is an easier entitlement market but the trend continues to elongate across the country and that’s likely to continue. It’s simply a combination of lack of folks at the municipality that are available to approve both zonings if you will as well as land development approvals along with the fact that municipalities in general are being conscious of smart growth and the hit rate for entitlement for new communities continues to be very, very challenging. This is not a new story this is something that I think the industry has talked about a lot we’ve talked about a lot, so again it’s having some impact on our ability to get our communities open and get our land spent on time. So it’s more of a transition problem in terms of timing and it is a big picture issue but I doubt the entitlement market ever gets better candidly.
Robert O'Shaughnessy: We delivered 54% of our closings through commonly managed plans in the quarter and we feel very good about our ability to get to 70% in a timely that we indicated over the next 18 to 24 months. End of Q&A
Robert C Wetenhall: Good morning, just wanted to ask you in terms of ASP trends it seems like decelerating and I was trying to understand is just more a function of a mix shift or is it function that’s you had really strong pricing gains in 2014, so the comps are tougher.
Robert C Wetenhall: Okay. So I am thinking you are saying that’s going to reverse as we move forward correct or start to improve.
Robert C Wetenhall: Got it, got it that’s really helpful. And just a follow up you guys got out construction delays negative impacted deliveries. Some trying to think through that and Richard also mentioned the commentary about the difficult you permitting, which I think it lead to extension deliveries, from a timeframe standpoint. Does that me that some of the product you expected to bring online in 1Q actually is going to role in the second calendar quarter instead. So it sound like demand destruction so should we see benefit in 2Q as you are able to result construction delays no it just look in for little granularity what kind of delays you guys are mentioning in it sounds like a transitory problem is suppose to something recurring. Thanks.
