Richard Dugas: Michael, I can't really give you a whole lot there. I would say in general our operators are being very prudent. We certainly -- last thing we want to do given all the impairments we've taken over the years is buy distressed assets that we end up impairing from here. But I'd it's tough all over. Some markets have a greater need for land than others based on kind of our inventory position, but we're being pretty diligent around there. So I'm sorry I can't give you a whole lot of regional color there.
Richard Dugas: No, Michael. I wouldn't want you to interpret that. The market's still tough. What we're optimistic about is the things within our control, like our ability to drive better margins because of the work we're doing internally or our ability to have our segments outperform. But no, as I think we evidenced, our inventory position did not grow dramatically. I wouldn't look for excess land purchases this year. It's more of a commentary on what we see within what we're controlling as opposed to the market getting dramatically better leading us to load up. And candidly, we've got a whole lot of land that we can drive improvement on there. So don't look for a dramatic change in our land position anytime soon.
Richard Dugas: Great. Thank you, everybody, for your time this morning. We know you have a number of other calls to get on. We will be around all day should you have any additional follow-up questions. Thanks very much, and we'll look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Richard Dugas: Yes, David, good question. Couple of comments on that. First of all, regarding commodity cost pressures and incentives that may be factored into margin expectations, we factored that into our margin expectations for the year. So we're quite pleased with how margins are holding up, and as indicated, we're forecasting growth in the back half of the year from here. Relative to incentives, I think what you're seeing is really a mix issue for us. Clearly, our Pulte brand and our Del Webb brand are performing best. And I think some of the folks who've reported and a number of builders that have exposure to the first-time sector is probably causing some of the pressure that they're seeing. Having said that, I do think our land positions in certain areas, particularly as an example in Florida, give us a little advantage. As I tour the markets there, I think we're fairly well positioned. I've been spending a lot of time with our operators. We had all of our division presidents together last week, and the topic of incentives and pressure there is just not coming up.
Richard Dugas: It's very tough to put a number on that. I think I might characterize it a couple of different ways, David. I mean, I think prices and the industry environment do have to get better, but it's not just a question of prices going up. It's a question of lots running out for many people. And with distressed opportunities effectively gone, there's still a few, as we mentioned, that we're continuing to do, what I think you're likely to see is us being able to hold serve, and frankly grow margins modestly from here, as we get a little better mix of spec or dirt homes -- excuse me, dirt sales versus spec, that type of thing. So I think our advantage could be even more near term than even we're implying because as others are forced to buy to keep community count going, we've seen some folks take impairments even on recently acquired deals as the markets stay challenging. So even though kind of you're characterizing it as though prices have to lift in order for legacy land to be a benefit, even at these margin levels, we think we can grow them modestly from here just because we have them, and they're going to stay in existence for another year or 2 or 3 whereas others are running out. So I hope that provides some commentary. I'm sorry I can't give you an exact number in terms of how far prices have to lift. But that's the best intelligence I have.
Richard Dugas: Much more optimistic, Josh. The work that we have had under way for approximately 9 to 12 months on improving our home cost is finally beginning to realize some benefits. We're also, frankly, doing, I think, a pretty reasonable job with specs, reducing them, and our percentage of dirt sales in the last 6 months we like, and that's got some margin benefit for us. So no, I'm more optimistic than I was.
Richard Dugas: I think it's challenged. It's tight. I don't see it having changed dramatically really in the last 6 months. I think the difference is our exposure to that segment is not as pronounced as maybe others. We analyze our quarter versus a year ago. We saw pretty much a direct shift from Centex into Del Webb if you look at the actual shift in the percentage of sign-ups that we have in the quarter. So I think that's probably why we're not feeling it as much. And clearly, as Roger indicated, with a 750 FICO score, our Pulte buyer, our Del Webb buyer, are very, very credit-healthy, and even our Centex buyer is pretty credit-healthy as well. We're just not selling as many of those homes. So I don't think it feels as great an impact. I don't know, Roger, if you have anything to add to that.
Richard Dugas: Well, a couple of things, Stephen. First of all, the $100 million we said we'd get this year versus last year we're going to get, I think we did indicate that it would be tougher in the first half of the year given lower volumes to convert it on a leverage basis. But I know our actual costs came down approximately $20 million, and you'll see likely that run rate get better, particularly through the back half of the year as volumes grow, but I would not say that there's never more that we can do. We kind of indicated in our press release, it's kind of a combination of improving margins and lower SG&A that are helping our business. And candidly, that's one of the things that's helping our impairments. I know in your notes specifically you talked a little bit about impairments, and from our view the bigger gap that we drive between margins up and SG&A down, the less risk we have in impairments. So our view is that while we wouldn't expect 0 from here, we certainly think the risk is getting muted more and more each quarter as we improve the fundamentals.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Mike, this is Richard. So I'll give you some numbers if you can have a pen ready to jot this down. A little bit complicated because of rebranding in certain communities through the year, et cetera. But all in, here's how the numbers broke out. For Centex, for this quarter, 37% of our sales came from Centex; Pulte was 35%; and Del Webb was 28%. Okay. So 37% for Centex, 35% for Pulte and 28% for Del Webb. If you look at 2010, the comparable quarter had 43% Centex, 35% Pulte and 22% Del Webb. So when I made my comment earlier that the shift from Centex into Del Webb, that's effectively what the sign-ups broke out to be. So hopefully, that gives you a little sense. We are holding serve on our move-up buyer. Again, there's a lot of movement in these numbers with different things, but effectively we think Pulte and Del Webb are leading a little bit of the sign-up strength that we're seeing maybe relative to some of the group that is more dependent on that first-time category.
Richard Dugas: Nishu, this is Richard. I'll just add too. It's not lost on us that we've underperformed, particularly in the area of margin. So the benefits that we're seeing there, some might interpret, maybe appropriately so, as just catch-up to where we should have been, and we're working hard on that. So from our standpoint, it feels a hell of a lot better than it did. But we recognize that there's room to grow and just to get where we should be.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Dennis, I think it's just a reflection of versus last year and the strength we saw in entry level. We're not seeing any particularly pronounced weakness in the entry level. It's just that we've gotten quite a few questions of late about particularly after we introduced our first 2-month sign-ups about "outperformance." I think it's just relative to how our position is -- our business, excuse me, is positioned with our mix versus the inflated entry-level business from last year that we saw. So it's not a comment really on any weakness elsewhere.
Richard Dugas: Josh, we're not giving details on that. I can tell you it's not 300 to 500 basis points this year. We certainly see some margin expansion in backlog, and particularly in Q3 and 4, as we look out coming from a better proportion of dirt sales versus specs that'll be closing then. But we're going to -- we're not going to provide specifics on that, just to tell you that at this point, our expectations is for growth from here.
Richard Dugas: Okay, Jonathan, on the first piece, it's very difficult to parcel out exactly to the nickel where the margin benefit is coming from. I would say that it's fairly equivalent between the house cost moves that were non-value added, that we're taking out across the business, along with a little better discipline on specs versus pre-sales. We know pre-sales have a higher margin, and we'd like to continue to accelerate that. And then a little better mix. As Roger indicated, the mix is helping us. With regard to the land side, we still feel that 300 basis points on distressed land is, relative to existing land, is there. Most of the benefit from that for us will be later in the year, as we get more and more of those communities opened and we get higher toward that run rate of approximately 15% of closings for the year. The only caveat there, as we tried to point out in the script, is that those deals are running out. So we're continuing to emphasize our legacy positions in getting better and better business results out of those because we know we can't just live off those distressed assets forever.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Bob, this is Richard. I'll take the first part of that. Your characterization's not exactly right. We do expect the better gross margins from distressed land to have a bigger impact later in the year than this year. When I say "we're running out," what I mean is we're running out of new opportunities, which would likely be conversions into closing, say, in 2012 or beyond. And the point we're trying to make there is you can't just live off the distressed land forever. Clearly, it's been a bigger source of some of our competitors' earnings than ours has been. We'll be catching up a little bit this year with approximately 15% from that. But it's going to be accelerating through the year. And my point is that we don't think we can live on that forever. So the margin benefit that we're seeing right now is a combination of really 3 things: Improved house cost, improved mix between dirt and spec, and then improvement expected from distressed land deals as they close later in the year. And it's probably in that order right now in terms of what we see.
Richard Dugas: Yes, Alex, this is Richard. I'll just add to that. We want to be smart about where we place our investment, so it's really a combination of a number of transactions at acquisition time that had very few lots left, which has kind of been the primary driver combined with trying to make sure we make the best investment decisions going forward. We certainly are working hard on our internal business model to make sure we're affordable as we can possibly be to serve that buyer category, but the land market has to give us some help there as well. And we certainly want to make sure that we make good investments.
Richard Dugas: And with regard to impairments, Alex, a couple of things. We've used the same methodology all along for impairments, so that hasn't changed. So the same criteria is yielding that result. The second thing is even though our margins are low, I kind of spoke to this earlier, they have improved fairly dramatically over the past 12 months, something like a 35% or 40% improvement, and we have expectations for when they get better. So even though they're low, as they get better and better, in our view, the risk gets lower and lower, and that's what the models show. But I want to make sure you understand, we're using the same exact criteria we've always used for impairments. But just because our margins are low, you got to take that into account relative to where they have been. So the impairments mathematically should be coming down based on SG&A improving and margins improving.
Richard Dugas: Mike, I think your point's a good one. You got to appreciate everything is so ultrasensitive relative to last year's tax credit. And frankly, I don't think we or anybody else in the industry knew what to expect from demand. So what's encouraging is that demand is, relatively speaking, holding up. There's nothing artificial driving demand this year. The stock market's at 12,000. That's helping the portfolio of dollars that our active-adult buyers look at. They're concerned about having enough of an nest egg. So even though they can't sell their home for what they wanted, our home is still a value, but their nest egg is better. So they're feeling better. The move-up buyer, again, that has money in the market's feeling a little bit better. Jobs are slowly but surely being added, very slowly across the economy. All of that just leads us to believe that demand, while it's not great to your point, it's holding up reasonably well. And given last year's pull-forward and then pullback tax credit, pull-up and then the letdown, we're encouraged by the fact that it's rolling out a little bit more normally. Whether it's up 2 or 3 points versus seasonal trends up and down, you're right, we're not trying to say that March is just a blowout and April's a blowout. We're trying to say that it feels a little more like a normal year, admittedly a very low level year, but seasonality, I wouldn't be surprised if it holds up according to much more normal patterns this year versus something we saw last year, which is clearly driven by the tax credit.
Richard Dugas: We ended at 800, and then we said that was up from 786 in Q4 and down from 842, same quarter last year.
Richard Dugas: Well, I can't give you specifics, but anecdotally our Del Webb positions, we have a long life in them. We can enjoy, I would estimate, 4 or 5 years' worth of growth in those segments before we had to reload, probably next on the Pulte and Centex side. But I'd say Del Webb could be the outperformer there. The typical Pulte community and Centex community are not that different in terms of their average life. They typically are smaller. So I just -- I think the main thing I'd say is that we've got many years' worth of runway with Del Webb inventory.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Stephen, just on the charges, we had impairment-related charges of about $100,000. That was in cost of sales. And the other category in Homebuilder was pretty accurate [ph] right of, sort of about $600,000. And also, we had about less than $300,000 in WIP [work in process] adjustment for the Centex brand. And then we had severance and lease termination-type expenses that cost about $3 million for the quarter. About $500,000 of that was in the mortgage company. And additionally, we had about $1.3 million in the revolver amortization fees that we had written off in the quarter as well. So roughly that's about $5 million.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Nishu, this is Roger. I think as we look around at different markets, it's also by the segments as well. Certainly, from the mortgage perspective, as Richard mentioned, there are challenges on the first-time buyer. Again, benefit is, from our perspective of having the move-up and the active adults who are -- got better credit from that standpoint, as Richard had mentioned earlier. So those type of things, certainly, have helped us from that perspective. I think also we're certainly not trying to compete with the foreclosures from that standpoint. We know they're out there, so we're not trying to drive pricing down. Again, we've been there in a number of years where we continue to do that and you just erode your business and certainly profitability from that standpoint. So those are the things we continue to focus on market-to-market. There are communities across the country that are challenged from competitive situations like that. We to try to position ourselves or reposition ourselves to be able to compete in that particular market or those markets with those communities. So we're not totally immune from it, but overall, again, generally, we have seen some positive results in the first quarter from that.
Roger Cregg: Yes. This is Roger, Nishu. I'd just tell you from the perspective of changing product from year-to-year, we've done a lot of that. So even though price mix has changed, it's not really price decrease. I mean, we're not discounting more and driving from that perspective, but certainly, we've changed product, which lowered price. We've decontented as the year has gone by. So that was the reason for more than -- of the decrease more than just you would see in a price reduction or more incentives and that type of thing. So it is more mix-related than pure action to reduce costs that would be negative on the margin side. This was things that we intentionally went towards, as Richard mentioned, in house costs and that type of thing, and some of those were reductions in price as well, but not price to the margin line.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Dennis, I don't think any of us brought the December data. Perhaps we could help you with that later if we have that time. But with regard to April, the month's still in process, and we're not going to really provide any specific detail other than to say we're pleased with how things are developing in April. Right now, the numbers are running slightly below March's numbers, but that's consistent with our expectations. Year-over-year, March is typically the strongest month that we see, and so we're pleased with how April's holding up.
Roger Cregg: Josh, if you recall, in the last quarter we said, again, it would be candid [ph] from the standpoint of higher in the first quarter and then trailing off through the fourth quarter. So definitely that's what we'll have, is a progression like that as we go through the year quarter-by-quarter, is seeing a higher amount and then going to a lower amount. And again, we used an average of just 125 to set the total amount that we had talked about.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Dan, this is Roger. I'll start. First, in the gross margins for our current quarter, the Centex was roughly about 15% in gross margins. The Pulte was about 17%, and Del Webb is roughly about 18%. So and again, each one of those moves around quarter-by-quarter based on the number of mix, the geographies that the homes that are closed in, but those have been in the relative pattern in the last 2, 3 quarters that we've seen. But again, as we've talked about increases, as Richard mentioned, a lot of the activity is going on in all of the areas, so it's on the construction side. And so we expect to see margin improvements coming from each one of the segments, not particularly one over another at this point from what we're doing.
Roger Cregg: Yes, this is Roger. I think from the conversion standpoint, the backlog certainly would be -- the level of the backlogs, we're trying to turn that as fast as possible. Certainly, that helps inventory turns and that type of thing. So that's been our focus. As far as the spread on the spec and the dirt, as Richard mentioned, pushing more to the dirt side because the margins are anywhere between 300 to 600 basis points better across the system from that perspective. So again, I think you'd see conversions that may be relatively where they are. At some point if the buying continues to grow there, again, I think you'd see that come back down to normal, but I wouldn't expect that in the short run here.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Adam, and then on the gross margins, what we had talked about was that, no, overall, that we saw margins being slightly down in 2011 versus '10 if we include the interest, as we had talked about that. The amortized interest expense coming through would be higher in '11 than it was in '10. So that was going to drive the margins slightly below where we were in 2010.
Roger Cregg: Yes, Alex, this is Roger. Specifically, when we talked last quarter about seeing our community counts drop between 5% and 10% for 2011, that was a big driver, was the close-outs of the Centex brand. Now we're certainly working on that, but they're harder and harder to find for the Centex brand than the first-time buyer with the underwriting criteria that we're looking for in those. So it's somewhat more market-driven today, our inability to find those. We're finding more certainly on the move-up side that pencil better than the ones in the first-time side, it's not from our lack of effort or abandonment of the brand itself. So we continue to push it back, but just conditions today given underwriting criteria, doesn't give us the opportunity to grow it as much as we'd like.
Roger Cregg: Again, Alex, this is Roger. When you look at the interest incurred versus the interest expensed, again, we amortize the interest expense based on the life of the communities. So again, that's no different than we've always done it. The buildup there was because of the way the purchase accounting worked for Centex and the debt that we brought on, how that built up and how it comes off. So again, I think we've explained that a number of quarters as we look at that, and you're always going to have that slight difference until a period of time probably that we normal out with the amortization of the Centex portion got that added on.
Roger Cregg: Jack, I wouldn't go there on community count. The Del Webb communities are very large typically, and I think we've added one or 2 this year already, and we may add one or 2 more, but from a percentage change, it'll probably be the least volatile of our segments. Again, one of the reasons community count particularly for PulteGroup is difficult is the Del Webb communities are so different from the others in terms of their average life, so the community count is not going to be a big driver of our Del Webb performance going -- for the next couple of years.
Roger Cregg: Yes, this is Roger. I would say no. We're pretty much seeing consistency, other than we saw a little bit higher amount in March. But again, as we've talked about, we're going to see volatility from month-to-month based on what actually comes out of the different investors. But nothing unusual that we hadn't seen in the last couple of quarters.
Michael Schweninger: Yes. I think on the cancellations, a couple of things you need to think about, as we talked about, with the shift and more relative basis to the Del Webb side, our cancellation rates on Del Webb are lower than in the Pulte and Centex buyer. So as you get a greater proportion of that buyer this quarter versus last year, you're going to have an improvement in can rates from that. Plus you had a lower backlog coming into the year this year, so that ought to help in some respects as well.
Michael Schweninger: Yes, there won't be any impact for second and third quarter. And as we discussed, in the fourth quarter, there was a 200-unit impact in the fourth quarter of 2010.
Michael Schweninger: Correct. And they go the opposite way, if you recall, 450 in the first quarter going the one way and then 200 going the opposite way in the fourth quarter.
