Ryan Marshall: Thanks, Bob. I think there are a lot of positives to be taken out of our first quarter results, including we delivered record first quarter earnings, driven by higher closings, continued strong gross margins and improved overhead leverage. Overall market conditions continue to improve as we experienced strong demands and are finding opportunities to reduce incentives and/or increase prices in many communities. Supply chain conditions are stabilizing, and we have seen at least an initial turn towards shorter cycle times. At this point, the gains have been market-specific but we are optimistic that we’ve seen a high watermark in terms of construction cycle times. Our national and local teams are making strides and climb back construction days, which is critical because shortening our cycle time is an important driver to expanding our 2023 production universe. PulteGroup’s Board approved another $1 billion increase due to the company’s share repurchase authorization. We’ve bought over – we have bought back over 40% of our shares and clearly remain committed to the systemic return of bonds to our shareholders. One other positive I would highlight is that PulteGroup was once again ranked among the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work for. This is our third year on this prestigious list and we again moved higher, climbing from number 43 last year to number 36 in the most recent ranking. We take fry and being included on this list because it is based on what our employees say about their experience as part of the PulteGroup team. Our success in delivering quality homes and delighting our customers starts and ends with our 6,100 employees dedicated to doing the right thing, taking care of our customers, focusing on quality and lifting the teammates around them. The amazing culture resident of PulteGroup doesn’t happen by chance, but rather it comes from a committed effort by every employee to create a world-class culture. I am extremely proud of our team and I want to thank all of our employees, along with our trade partners and suppliers for their tremendous work in helping to deliver another outstanding quarter of operating and financial results. Let me now turn the call back to Jim Zeumer.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Sure, John. We’re seeing continued strength in the Florida markets, the Southeast markets in Texas would be the three kind of regions that I would highlight with strength. Our Midwest business continues to be a steady performer. And then in terms of markets that are more challenging, it would really be the western markets, particularly the ones in the – the high-priced coastal areas Northern California and Seattle, probably being the two that I would highlight.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, John, I think we’ve demonstrated exactly that. And I think it shows that when we started really talking about this middle of last year, that specifically with the first-time entry-level business, there was an opportunity to have more homes that were sooner deliveries, which help to alleviate – it really helped to alleviate pressure around interest rate, rising interest rates. It helped to alleviate pressure around certainty of when things we’re going to deliver and we made the strategic decision to put more spec in the ground. To your point, we’ve historically not been a spec builder, but it’s never been a 0% of our business. We’ve always had specs as part of our business, but we made the decision to make it a bigger piece. It got as much as high as about 45% of our total work in process inventory with spec. And I highlight that number, John, because that matches up pretty well with our Centex business, which is about 40% of our overall business, which is catered towards the entry-level first-time buyer. So in terms of where it goes in the future, we’re going to continue to – as we highlighted in our prepared remarks, match our spec production with what we think the market demand is. And right now, that’s certainly higher spec production than maybe what we’ve historically done. It’s working for us. And I think this most recent quarter’s results are a great example of how that strategy is working.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Alan, it’s a good question. I would tell you, broadly, we saw strength in all price points. That being said, there is a higher likelihood of the entry-level buyer transacting at this point in time because they don’t have a home to sell. And so they are not hampered by the low interest rate that they may be hanging on to with their existing home. But look, as we’ve talked in prior calls, life continues to happen for buyers, marriages, more kids, relocations, job promotions all the things that I think create a need for a family and a potential buyer to move into a different home for whatever reason, our move up in our active adult business, they are certainly benefiting from that as well. We are seeing easing of sales price pressure in both the move-up and the active adult segment, which is allowing us to moderately raise prices and moderately pull back on incentives. And I think that demonstrates some of the strength we’re seeing. We intentionally don’t build a lot of spec in those price points. We find the debt buyer group. They prefer to have the build-to-order model. But when it comes to our entry-level first-time SendTech business, we’re leaning in more with the spec first strategy, and it’s working for us.
Ryan Marshall: So Stephen, let me start with absorptions per community. Going back over the last several quarters, you’ve heard me talk about, we’re not going to be margin proud and that we are going to work and take market share and turn our assets. And I think you’ve seen us do that. I highlighted in my prepared remarks today, that we’re very pleased with the absorptions that we turned out – the absorbent for a community that we turned out of the first quarter. And we were able to do it at outstanding margins as well. So I think we were successful on both fronts there. Going forward, we are going to continue to follow that same approach. We think it’s really important to continue to turn the assets and to continue to have high – reasonably high absorptions per community. And we will combine that with what has been historically best-in-class margin profile. And so we think we’ve got a lot of the elements of our playbook and our strategy working well. In terms of the second part of your question, remind – cycle times. So Stephen, for our total year delivery, what we’ve highlighted is that we’ve got a production universe in process with – what’s in process and what we expect to start, it will give us a universe that will allow us to potentially close up to 27,000 to 28,000 homes. We have assumed the cycle times that we are currently seeing. So we have not incorporated any improvement. We have seen improvement, and we’ve incorporated that. We haven’t incorporated further improvement. And certainly, we’ve got lofty goals that we’re endeavoring to claw back even more cycle time, but that’s going to take a lot of hard work by our teams and our trades and suppliers.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Stephen, it’s a multi-month kind of program that we look at in terms of the – our starts cadence and what we put into the ground I think it’s widely well known that the first 3 months of the quarter tend to be more difficult on the weather side, especially for our businesses in the Midwest and the Northeast. So probably a little bit of an impact on the number being a tad lower, but our forward plans in terms of our starts cadence, that’s all wrapped up into the 27,000 to 28,000 unit range kind of production guide. So I’d probably look at everything in its entirety, not just what we started in Q1, but what was in backlog, what was in production, what we started in Q1, plus the kind of implied Q2 start rate. I think that all that all works into the way that we’re running the business.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Mike, we haven’t given that level of granularity. I think the previous question that Bob just answered really highlighted what we’ve seen, which has been a build of kind of sales momentum if you remember going back to November, December of last year. The market was still pretty tough, but we did comment on our year-end report that we had in January that we are starting to see some momentum building in the back half of January or December and into January, we’ve seen that continue, and that’s allowed us to pull back on incentives. It’s allowed us to take some very moderate price increases, but it’s definitely a change in kind of the sentiment that we’re seeing from buyers. I think some of that is interest rates stabilizing. I think some of that is the interest rate incentives that we have done, I think a lot of that is kind of buyer psychology. And then the biggest thing as I go back to, we’ve got a housing shortage in this country, and that hasn’t changed. And so in the places where we’ve been able to demonstrate value, which we’ve worked very hard to do, we’re seeing some nice momentum on the sales floor. And I think you’ve heard from us, we’ve seen that continue into April. And that’s allowed us to be optimistic and bullish with our forward start projections and some of the things that we’re anticipating to be able to do for the balance of the year.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Matt, what we saw in the quarter was a strengthening of sales pace as we move January to February, February to March. Sequentially, sales paces got stronger. And then we have seen April continue to the first 3.5 weeks, three weeks of April continue to perform at a really strong level. So, we are pleased with what we are seeing. To your point, I think in certain markets, particularly on the West Coast during the banking, regional banking crisis, I think certain buyer groups in certain cities were probably more impacted psychologically than others. I think most of the things that we were seeing resulting from that have dissipated and we are continuing to see good momentum on the sales force.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Nothing necessarily on the ground yet, Matt. I think we are more being responsive to some of the things that have been widely written about and talked about that the smaller banks that provide operating lines and project-specific financing, that credit has gotten tighter. We are not in a position where we use project-specific financing. We are self-funded for almost everything that we do, and we have the ability to given our size to tap into the public capital markets, if so needed. So, I think when it comes to land development, land acquisition, the desire or the decision to put more spec into the ground, we have got tremendous flexibility because of the way that we are capitalized. And I do think that could potentially give us the opportunity to take advantage of any kind of dislocation that might appear. It’s an always-on mindset, which we have always had, not trying to send any kind of a message there other than there was a banking crisis, credit has gotten tighter, and we have got our ears open to any opportunities that that might create for us.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Susan, I think Bob highlighted in his prepared remarks, just with the increased potential for production in the year. We have raised our production potential by 2,000 to 3,000. So, we have added sales and construction headcount in the right locations that matches up where we have been able to kind of turn up the volume there just a little bit. We will – I think Bob highlighted, we will continue to maintain SG&A leverage as a percentage of revenue, so no hidden message there, nor should there be an expectation that you would see dilution to our leverage rates.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. We don’t provide forward guidance, Susan. But in terms of appetite, I think the increased authorization, which we are very pleased our Board made the decision to increase the authorization by $1 billion. I think it shows that we have got a continued appetite for this to be a part of our capital allocation philosophy, which has been a consistent part for going on nearly 10 years. So, if consistency is a virtue, if it’s not, we should make consistency of virtue, I think we are demonstrating that we are living up to the capital allocation philosophy that we have articulated for our shareholders.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Dan, in terms of the West, for us, it encompasses the coastal markets, California and Seattle, but also includes Las Vegas, Nevada, Colorado, New Mexico. So, there is a mix of different cities and geographies and product types in the West. When we get into the coastal markets, we build a lot of multifamily three and four-story product. And so those buildings actually generally start as spec just by the nature. So, there is spec there and there is not anything that we are necessarily concerned about. We have – I would highlight in the West, we have seen some strengthening in Las Vegas and particularly – and Phoenix over the last two months to three months, we have actually started to see those markets firm up and start to get back on to some pretty positive sales trends and positive footing. So, the two places that we are continuing to kind of pay attention to Northern California and Seattle, those are markets that I think are pretty tech-heavy. The price points are generally higher. Affordability is more challenged. Also a couple of the areas that are probably more directly impacted by some of the regional bank crisis, so – but on the whole, we are still very optimistic about the way our West business is positioned just relative to Texas, the Southeast and Florida, those markets have done exceptionally well.
Ryan Marshall: Well, Dan, the way we are really looking at is, we are looking at it from start to final. And certainly, we pay attention to overall cycle time from start to close which has improved by a quicker flow-through on the spec side. But when we talk about cycle time, it’s separate and independent from anything related to a buyer. It’s purely within how long does it take us to build a home, and that’s where we are starting to see some gains being made, particularly on the front end. So, for homes that are going into the ground now we measure it from slab to kind of frame as an example, frank stage. We are starting to see some pretty meaningful gains out of that front end of construction. The back end of the homes that are finishing now, they are still – those homes are still on longer cycle times, but we would expect to extend the gains that we were recognizing currently on the front end. As those homes get into the back end trades, we would expect to pick up time there as well.
Ryan Marshall: The one thing Truman, that I think I would probably highlight is that our entry-level product tends to be on the higher side of the price – the entry level price band, the locations are excellent. And so I think we have got a well-located product that’s still within the affordable range that appeals to a first-time entry level buyer. And so if our performance exceeds maybe kind of what you are expecting, my guess is on a relative basis, that’s probably some of the strength as we have got excellent locations for those entry-level communities. And then as far as kind of the exit rate for the quarter, that’s not a number that we have quoted. I did highlight though on one of the previous questions, we saw absorption strength progress as we move through the quarter. So, March was our highest sales and the highest absorption rate of the quarter. We have seen strength continue as we have moved into April.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. We are very happy with the relationship that we have with Invitation. And I would probably answer the question more broadly about single-family rental. We have made it a small part of our overall production environment. We are looking at opportunities where we can provide a very, very small number of our total deliveries to the build-for-rent operators, Invitation being a big part of that. So, we are happy with how it’s performing. We talked about it being something in the range once we get to full capacity of about 5% of our annual deliveries. We are still on track as we get this ramped up that that’s about what it will be, and we are pretty comfortable with that.
Ryan Marshall: Yes. Traffic, I think was pretty consistent with what we expected. Conversion was better and the incentives that we had to provide to get that conversion were better than our expectations, which is what really contributed to the margin outperformance.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes, Alan, it’s Bob. We haven’t given a guide. There is a lot of moving pieces out in the market. So we’ve got pretty good visibility based on our backlog and the sales activity we’re seeing. The commentary was – if you think about the last several years, there is been sort of a compression in margins. And you saw it both in our results and our peers where some of the folks that were selling entry-level had higher margins than they historically would have – that was based on availability, pricing dynamics, a lot of different things. What we’ve now seen is sort of in our book of business, and I think you see it more broadly in the market, that differentiation in margins between first-time move-up and active adult for us, pretty consistent in the most recent quarter with what I would characterize as the norm from several years ago, obviously, still very strong margins. You can see it both in our results and in our guide. So as you go forward, you heard Ryan say about 40% of our business is targeted at that entry level. That’s a little bit richer than it was 4, 5 years ago for us. That was conscious on our part. And so if you think about mix adjusted over time, we will see a little bit more contribution from a margin perspective, worthing to always highlight we don’t underwrite the margin. We are focused on return. And you made the point, I agree with you. That’s a business that typically spins a little faster. So we’re able to get the returns out of that business by virtue of that velocity coupled with the margins that we’re able to generate.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes. There wasn’t – it wasn’t a cliff. It was a pretty consistent cadence. And I think your point is a good one. The consumer has I think, largely now oriented themselves around the stability and rates that Brian talked about, they are moving, but they are not moving anywhere near as much as they were in the back half of last year. Couple that with the fact that most of the backlog and folks that signed contracts back when rates were much lower and got to a much higher rate at the closing table and the kind of the shock and cancellation impact from that has largely worked through the system. So I think the combination of those two things has the current contracted customer base and people signing contracts today are less sensitive to those rate movements than we saw in the back half of this year. And I think that’s why you’ve seen the can rates. And candidly, the reason we provided it, we had less total cancellations in the first quarter than we did in the fourth, I think for all those reasons.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes, I’d like to tell you it’s cost, but it really wasn’t. I mean that was for the stuff that we closed in the quarter, those costs were baked in. We’re working with our trades to find efficiencies going forward. Lumber was obviously a benefit, but we knew that. So that was in our guide. I think it really – and we highlighted this in our remarks, it was reflective of the sales environment. It was the relatively strong demand. It was our ability to manage our incentive load. So we’ve had a national mortgage rate buydown program in effect since the beginning of the year. And what we’ve been able to do is use that as another selling tool. And so for some people, it’s, hey, get my rate as low as you can get it. For others, I want my rate down a little bit, and I want you to help you with closing costs. The nice part is that, that incentive replaced the incentives that we were offering before as opposed to added to it. And then you couple that with the fact that we highlighted that we were able to stop reducing prices and actually started to increase prices in more than half of our communities. Now these aren’t massive increases, but it’s the psychology of sales that relative strength was better than we had forecast in our guide for the quarter and showed up in the margin for the quarter.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Well, we haven’t given a guide beyond Q2. And there is a lot of moving parts in the market. The reason I mentioned that we are only going to go out one quarter, we have got lumber. It’s ticking up again. That will be later in the year or into next year. It’s worth that while looking at the cost environment, we still see inflation. We think that it’s a little bit lower in rate than we probably projected at the beginning of the year, but we are still feeling cost increases and labor in particular is pretty sticky. We have talked about that. And obviously, if you look at the production cycle, our land is typically more expensive as we move through time. So, we have got incremental cost against a relatively flat at some points during the last two quarters, decreasing pricing. So, I think that’s what’s actually resulting in the margin decline year-over-year. The strength in the market that we saw last year produced largest we had never seen before, Mike. And this is just a reflection of the reality that costs are up, and we haven’t been able to offset all of those to-date.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes. Fair question. That is just our projection of what we see on the ground. And so the increase in absorptions that we have seen, the relative stability in pricing gives us a little bit more confidence as we are looking at some of the deal flow that we – for land transactions, it does not anticipate or incorporate any M&A or anything of that sort that would happen separate from that, and we would evaluate it. But we haven’t projected that in the overall increase.
Pablo Shaughnessy: We haven’t given that level of detail in a while. I think from a community count perspective, you have heard us say, we are investing in the entry level. So, our – a lot of the growth that you saw, we had growth across all three buyer segments in our community count. It was more oriented towards the first time. And interestingly, then next to the move-up and the active adult is those are bigger positions, so they don’t – we don’t have quite as much flexibility in those over time. But the 13% was spread across all, but it was largely in the first time.
Pablo Shaughnessy: I was going to say it’s hard to react to that. I think what we have seen reflected in our results is that we started fair number of homes that were speculative last year. They were available, and we have been able to sell them. We – I wouldn’t characterize it as a huge incentive. I have mentioned earlier, we have a national rate buy-down, and it is probably most appealing to that buyer group. But it probably is only a relatively small percentage of our total population of signups that actually took that. They may have other things that are more important to some buyers.
Pablo Shaughnessy: Yes. Candidly, no, most of the folks that we work with are pretty well capitalized. They are big developers in their market. And the truth is that we self-develop a great deal of the land that we control anyway. We are not – the vast majority of our business is actually self-funded. So – but for those deals where we have got partners, they are typically pretty well capitalized.
