Ryan Marshall: Thanks Bob. As you would expect, given the strength of our first quarter results, buyer interest was high in the period as order paces increased beyond typical seasonality. That sales momentum continued into April, although we are now seeing some moderation of traffic into our communities due to the recent increases in interest rates, particularly within the Centex brand. While the change is relatively modest and based on a limited number of days, consumer feedback suggests that higher rates are causing some buyers to evaluate the timing of their activity due to the volatile interest rate environment. We’ll continue to monitor how buyers respond to changes in the rate environment and are prepared to adjust pricing or incentives to ensure we are appropriately turning assets. During our last earnings call, we talked about the opportunity for PulteGroup to grow its business 5% to 10% annually. Given the lengthy land investment process, organic change in this industry takes time to accomplish, but we have been systematically planning and positioning to deliver against this goal for the past few years. I think that the company’s efforts are reflected in the allocation of capital into growing our business. Including our Q1 spend, since 2021 our operating teams have invested approximately $14 billion in land acquisition and development, with plans to invest another $5 billion in 2024. Along with the land, we have been investing in our people and working to ensure the needed trade capacity is available to support our expanding operations. I’m proud to say that we have accomplished this while adhering to the same underwriting hurdles and investment disciplines which have been the cornerstone of PulteGroup for the past decade. Such discipline has allowed PulteGroup to more consistently grow its earnings, drive substantial cash flow from operations and deliver high returns, we have accomplished this while maintaining the superior build quality and customer experience which PulteGroup home buyers have come to expect. Before opening the call to questions, I want to take a minute to recognize and celebrate our team for once again being named a Fortune 100 Best Company to Work For. What makes this recognition so important and gratifying is that it’s based on feedback from all of our employees. This marks PulteGroup’s fourth consecutive year on the list and is a testament to the culture of personal caring and professional development that we work to maintain. I am proud to lead such an organization that is committed to taking care of our customers and each other. Let me now turn the call back to Jim Zeumer.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Stephen, thanks for the question. I think your overall target of seven years controlled is about right, and then we stated our long-term target of optionality at 70%. We do think it will be a multi-year journey in getting there, and that’s really driven by the fact, Stephen, that we want to do it in a very organic, natural way that drives ideal economics for each individual transaction. We highlighted in the prepared remarks, Bob did, that in the quarter, 74% of the deals that we approved were under option. We think that type of activity over the next several years will have us arrive at our long-term target in a very natural way. When we do that, to your point, we’ll be right around something just over two, two and a half years of owned land at that point.
Ryan Marshall: Matt, good morning, it’s Ryan. Thanks for the question. We’ve said in the past, we’re not going to be margin proud, and I would tell you that remains true. As we highlighted in some of my prepared remarks today, we believe our operating platform and how we’ve positioned our specific community investments, we’re in a great position to command excellent pricing, get pace and price, which you saw in this most recent quarter. Given the interest rate environment that we are clearly going into, higher for longer, we’ve got the ability to use the very powerful tool of forward mortgage rate commitments that allow us to offer a pretty attractive incentive program. Right now, we’re at 5.75% nationally, and about 25% of our buyers are taking advantage of it. The other thing I’d highlight is that 60% of our business is move-up and active adult, which tends to not be quite as rate-sensitive as the first-time buyer. With that first-time buyer, that’s where predominantly our Centex brand, predominantly first-time buyers, and we see a higher percentage of those buyers take advantage of the forward rate commitments. The last piece, Matthew, that I’d probably point out is that our guide for the balance of the year assumes that the incentive load that we currently have, which on the most recent quarter, closings was running at 6.5%, we’ve assumed that that stays flat going forward.
Ryan Marshall: Good morning Carl, thanks for the question. We saw a couple of days of cycle time improvement in the most recent quarter, so we were at 128 days, down from 130 that we ended the fourth quarter of 2023 in. We are still on track and still are targeting being at 100 days by the end of the year. When we look deeper at our Q1 numbers, we had some long cycled closings that had been in production for a long time, in many cases were multi-family and condo buildings that we think kept the overall number that I just shared with you of 128 days a little bit higher than what we think is our actual run rate at this point. When we look at a lot of our markets, we’re already back to pre-COVID cycle times of even sub-100 days, so we’ve made a lot of progress in a lot of places. We have a few markets that are a little stickier, where we’re working hard to get cycle times back to where we’d like them to, but by and large we still feel that the target we’ve set of 100 days is very much in reach.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, outside there might be--I’m sure there’s some markets, Carl, where there is vacant investor-driven inventory that you could characterize as new supply. The majority of the markets where we operate, we think any existing resale inventory that does come to market, those are buyers that are going to buy another home somewhere else, so we think it’s largely neutral on the overall supply side.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Anthony, we’re watching it closely, as I think a lot of the real estate world is. Where we think it ultimately goes is it will create better transparency around the fee structure and will likely change over time the way that the providers of those services charge and the users, or the consumers, of those services ultimately pay. Realtors are an important part of our business and probably over 60% of the sales that we have include a buy-side realtor involved, so we certainly support the realtor community, they’ve been an important part of our company for a long time, but we are watching the way that the landscape there will certainly change.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, a couple things happened there. It was a market that saw a lot of price appreciation in the COVID years. Affordability, we think got strained for certain. Last year, we did a fair amount of price discovery as we worked to right-size what our go-to-market price was in those markets. That combined with, I think, a general improvement in buyer sentiment contributed to the lights coming back on in the western markets. Some of the markets that we’d highlighted pretty consistently last year - Seattle, northern California, southern California, Las Vegas, Phoenix, those were strong contributors to our overall results in this most recent quarter. We’d expect that to continue. Bob highlighted that the relative margin contribution out of those markets will be lower than some of the other parts of our business. We’ve incorporated that incremental volume that we’re getting at a slightly lower margin contribution profile into our guide. Look - we’re pleased that those markets are contributing. We’ve got a lot of capital invested there, they’re big housing markets. People want to live there for a number of reasons - climate, jobs, etc., so we’re pleased that they’re doing well.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, it was a strong quarter, a strong first quarter. We highlighted that we saw some trends that were even stronger than normal seasonality. The first few weeks of April have continued to show signs of strength. We did highlight that as we look at traffic, new traffic that’s coming into the stores, while a limited number of days in that data set, we are seeing a small downturn that we think is reflective of the change in the rate environment. We’re going to keep an eye on it. We don’t at this point think it’s anything to be too alarmed about, but we’re watching it.
Ryan Marshall: Sam, we’re not parsing the traffic data quite that finely for the purpose of this call. One other data point that I will tell you, while we’ve seen traffic into the stores moderate over the last several days, traffic to the website has been incredibly strong, so we still think that there’s high buyer demand and desire for home ownership. Certainly any time there is rate fluctuations, it can cause some disruption in buyer behavior, but we think the fundamental--or the overall demand for housing remains incredibly strong, and we’re still in a very supply constrained environment. The overall thesis about this has been a strong operating environment for the industry and this company in what’s been a pretty high interest rate environment, we think the environment that we would expect for the balance of the year, we can continue to show success in that type of situation as well. Affordability, there’s no question it is the headwind that we’ll continue to navigate for the balance of the year, and we think we’ve got the tools to do that.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, we targeted--when we kind of kicked off the philosophy or the strategy that we had on single family rental with Invitation Homes, and we also partner with some other local single family rental operators as well, we’ve targeted to be somewhere around 5% of our total volume would go into the single family rental channels. The current year, the closings that we have that will go into that pipeline are right in that 5% range. Certainly the interest rate environment currently, I think makes it harder for the single family rental operators to underwrite their deals. We wouldn’t expect that to necessarily be the case forever, but in the right here and now a little harder to make those deals pencil for those SFR operators. It’s part of the reason that we’ve said we want it to be part of our business, but not such an outsized component that it creates disruptions in how we operate.
Ryan Marshall: We’re pretty happy with where we’re operating, and we look at a couple--I mean, the first thing we look at is what’s the percentage of build-to-order versus spec sales. Right now, that’s running around 50/50, and then we highlighted in Bob’s prepared remarks, 40% of our width is spec, and we’ve got a little bit higher than one final per active community. We pay attention to it closely. It’s something we spend a lot of time managing and being responsive to what we’re seeing in the market. To your point, most of our spec--our Centex business is spec. We certainly have a little bit of spec in the other two brands, but Pulte and Del Webb tend to be more of a build-to-order model, and we’re certainly responsive to those as well. We’re going to watch it, but in a higher interest rate environment, having available specs that you can more efficiently and effectively apply the most powerful incentive to in the form of the forward mortgage rate commitments, you can do that better on spec inventory, which makes it more attractive. You’ll probably see us stay pretty close to where we’re at.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Alan, we look at sales rates every single day - it’s one of the first emails that I look at, what did sales for the prior day come in at, and we look at qualitative and quantitative feedback that we get from our field operations in going through that decision making process. What I can tell you is the rate--the change in rage, nevermind what it was and nevermind what it’s going to, just the mere fact something changed, we’ve seen that cause pauses in buyer behavior over the last two or--you know, last 24 months. Anytime there’s been a step change in rate and the media cycle that goes with it, that certainly has a pretty profound impact on buyer behavior. Time does seem to cure it. The only thing that I would continue to caveat and put out there is that affordability continues to be a real issue, and so we’ve got to balance the change there. We think--you know, one of the things that we’re going to continue to do is pay attention to what the headline rate is, and Bob talked about that a few questions ago. Our national mortgage rate incentives have got the flexibility to move based on what the market’s doing, so we still think we can have a compelling offer out there relative to the street rate that doesn’t necessarily cost us a whole bunch more, relative to what we’re currently paying. The last piece, Alan, is we are going to keep our production machine moving. We are a production builder and we’re going to do that in a way that we think optimizes kind of returns, so if there are price changes or discount changes that ultimately have an impact on affordability, that allow us to continue to turn the asset and keep the market share that we have, we’ll definitely do that.
Ryan Marshall: Yes Ken, I want to make sure that I understood kind of the full question. Maybe I’ll give you a little bit of Florida commentary and then if there’s more follow-up, I’ll let you ask that. Florida is a tremendous part of our business. We’re in nearly every major housing market there save Miami. A big part of our business there tends to be focused on move-up and age targeted. We have some entry-level business in our Tampa and Orlando businesses, but the other big markets are predominantly move-up and age targeted. We get a little bit of move-up in Jacksonville as well--or a little bit of entry-level on Jacksonville as well, so. Really strong business, a lot of job relocation there, a lot of folks that want to be there because they’ve got flexible work arrangements that allow them to work from home or work from elsewhere. The headwinds in Florida are definitely affordability - we’ve seen strong price appreciation in most Florida markets, and then the other headwind that you’ve got there is around property taxes and insurance. Certainly those things kind of play into that, but Florida continues to be a big part of our business and a real bright spot for our business as well.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes Stephen, it’s Bob. Good morning. We didn’t update the guide on cash flow. It’s early in the year. We’re thinking about what we’re investing in the business. You can see, if you look at the balance sheet just since the end of the year, we’re up about $300 million in investment in the balance sheet, roughly half land, half house, and so to your point, we certainly expect with incremental volume and incremental margin that we’ll generate a pretty healthy amount of cash. Some of that will be invested to meet that 5%, 10% growth that we’ve talked about, so more to come on that as the year progresses, certainly, but I think the bias will be for more cash from operations. To your point on capital allocation, I think we’ve been pretty consistent, right, for the last 10 years since we laid out our strategy for capital allocation: A, invest in the business, pay a dividend that grows with earnings, buy back stock with excess capital against a modest debt profile. Obviously the leverage is lower than we had anticipated. We look at liability management as part of our capital allocation, so I don’t know that I’d go so far as to say cash flow from operations will equal repurchase activity. I think we’ve been pretty clear we’re going to report the news on what our repurchases are going to be, but we obviously--in a world where we’re generating cash at that level, particularly if we have less invested in the balance sheet as we move towards that 70%, it will free up capital, and we’ll work through what to do with that capital as we generate it.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Matt, it’s Bob. That mid to high single-digit increase in our lot cost was in our Q1 and is expected to continue through the balance of the year. When we gave the margin guide, we had pretty good visibility into our lot costs, because those are lots typically on the ground already, so it’s there. In terms of the current market conditions, it’s still competitive out there. I’ve said this before - land hasn’t gone on sale, and slight variations in market typically don’t result in prices declining. The market is super efficient on the way up, a little bit sticky on the way down, so for quality parcels it’s competitive.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Sure. Build costs, they were stable in the first quarter, about $80 a square foot for base house. That’s flat with Q4 of ’23 and it’s actually down from $84 a square foot in the first quarter of last year. As we look at ’24, we expect cost inflation on labor and materials to be pretty manageable with low single digit increases, and we’ve factored that into our guide.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, I think it’s the strength of the market, John. We highlighted that we’re raising prices in a number of our communities, that 1% to 5%. That’s really the driver combined, certainly in this first quarter, with the mix differential that we had highlighted.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, and just to be clear, John, the mix was really a Q1 issue. We think that smoothes out based on the relative strength of volume that Ryan highlighted out west, so we’ll get more of that relatively lower margin profile in the back half of the year.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: It’s both, right, but you’ll see some of it in Q2 based on the sales that we did in the first quarter, and then you’ll see more of it later in the year. That’s part of the reason for the step-down in margin. The other thing that we highlighted on the call, we still have a lot of homes to sell for the back half of the year, and so the point we were making is it depends on how the demand environment holds up. If it does, that’s good; if the market changed, you could see plus or minus depending on whether it’s a positive change or a negative change.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Certainly on the materials side, it is pretty consistent, and as Jim highlighted, our build cost per foot flat. The only thing where we’re really feeling any pressure there is on OSP, which has run up a little bit. In terms of the land, we’ve highlighted that high single digit increase in lot costs - that is, candidly, continuing a theme that has been going on for a number of years and is likely to persist. I’ve often described it as a conveyer belt of land - you know, three years of lots that we buy in any or control at any one point in time, and they kind of roll on, the most recent year falls off. Every new year coming on is a little bit more expensive, and that’s a combination of increased land costs and increased development costs, but we haven’t seen a step change in that, if that’s really what you’re focused on. Again, I think you can and should expect to see our lot costs going up for the foreseeable future.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, so you’ve got 70 basis points - certainly a part of that is going to be the strength of the--relative to our guide of the strength of the market, where for the spec homes that we sold, we got better pricing, which was a relative margin benefit over the fourth quarter. The other thing is the mix shift, not just in terms of geography, which we had highlighted, but on a sequential basis we also had a mix shift towards move-up, which has a higher margin profile relative to first-time, which is where the margin came from. I hate to use this, but there is mix and there’s a couple of different mixes going on, but when you’re looking at the sequential margin performance, certainly it’s the strength of the market relative to what we thought coming into it, and also it’s a little bit more move-up, which has a higher margin profile for us.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Yes, it’s interesting. I’d refer back to something Ryan offered, which is the affordability is still a challenge. Against that backdrop, our expectation is that we will need to continue to incentivize folks, and the predominant way we’re doing that today is through our national commitments and some sort of rate finance support. Our expectation is that that continues. That was our expectation coming into the year. In the first quarter, you heard us say it was 6.5% again, just like the fourth quarter - that’s roughly $35,000, $40,000 a house. In a world where rates are actually trending back up, I think that we’re going to need to continue to support that. It’s a little bit challenging, to your point, but I think on balance, our expectation is that’s where we’re going to need to be to meet some of the affordability needs. It’s one of the reasons we think you’ll continue to see this strong market performance on a relative basis of new versus resale, because we can offer those incentives.
Robert O’Shaughnessy: Well, certainly for that true entry-level buyer, it’s the game, right, and so we’ve got programs that offer them lower cost incentives, so we’re giving them more rate support relative to others who have choices. It’s worth it to remember we offer a national program, but there’s a lot of detail in terms of what we can and actually do offer to people and what they want to access in terms of our support. There will be some people with rates moving up that will literally fall off the ability to buy a home - that’s not the case for our active adult and move-up buyers. Candidly, for a lot of our Centex buyers, you look at our average sales price at $419,000 in this most recent quarter, that’s not typically your true entry level buyer - we’re at a little bit higher price point. Our first time communities are typically a little bit closer in, and so I think it depends on who your buyer is, but to answer your question about will we vary our offering, the answer is yes. We have been. We are actively managing these national programs. We’re buying commitments in relatively small amounts so that we don’t get caught by market changes, and what it allows us to do is change our offering based on what the market is doing. As the market--as rates floated down, we moved our offer rate down somewhat to try and be responsive to deliver a real savings versus the street rate that they can get on their mortgage. As rates tick back up, we’re moving those rates up a little bit. It’s an art, not a science, but I think what you could expect us to do is listen to the consumers in terms of what they need and seek to offer them programs that give them what they need.
