Ryan Marshall: Looking at the tables in this morning's press release, you can see that on a year-over-year basis, our net new orders were lower across the country, although we continue to see relative outperformance in Florida, Texas and the Southeast. Generally, we are faring better in markets where buyers can still find affordability. In contrast, conditions in our western markets are clearly more difficult as price appreciation, generally higher selling prices and the spike in mortgage rates have force buyers to pause their buying plans. The softer demand conditions that we experienced in the third quarter continued into October and have likely gotten even more challenging with mortgage rates now pushing 7%. Running a homebuilding company during this part of an economic cycle is complicated, but we are fortunate to have an experienced leadership team that knows how to operate the business. We are taking action to impact the critical areas of the business, including finding price at a community level where we can sell homes. We will do the best we can to protect backlog, but we won't sit on inventory. With the right level of home inventory to meet demand and to compete effectively, we are aligning starts with the ongoing pace of sales and remain committed to our build-to-order model. We remain disciplined in our approach to land acquisition. It's hard to cancel a land deal that you've worked on for months or even years, but if the return is no longer pencil then we will walk away. We will work intelligently with our suppliers and trade partners to adjust costs given the new market pricing dynamics. And we will continue to evaluate and adjust our overhead spending and changes in current – to changes in current and expected construction volumes. For all the defensive actions we are implementing, I remain constructive on long-term housing demand. While we expect the coming quarters will be difficult for the industry, long-term dynamics for housing remain positive. If the Federal Reserve just pauses, or if the stock market doesn't swing 5% in a single day, or if inflation starts to ease, that might go a long way towards giving consumers enough confidence to get back into the market. While we wait for conditions to stabilize, we will be aggressive in managing our day-to-day business to sell homes, efficiently run our operations intelligently manage land investment and work to deliver high returns. I want to recognize our employees for their tremendous work in delivering a great third quarter. I also want to call out our teams impacted by Hurricane Ian. You have done tremendous work taking care of each other and the communities you serve. Before opening the call to questions, I want to provide a quick comment on the second press release we issued this morning. After a 30-plus year career with our company, John Chadwick, PulteGroup Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, has announced his plans to retire in 2023. John has had an amazing career with our organization, and has been instrumental in its success over the years. I know, I speak for our Board and our entire company in wishing John all the best in retirement. Brandon Jones, Senior Vice President, Field Operations, has been named to replace John effective January 1, 2023, as Chief Operating Officer. Brandon began his Pulte career 18 years ago as the Director of Operations in Arizona and has held a series of field positions of increasing responsibility, including Division President, in several markets and Area President of our Southeast area. Since being named Senior Vice President of Operations in 2021, Brandon has been managing our construction operations throughout the country, so I expect the seamless transition into his new role. John will remain with the company through April of next year to assist with the changeover. We are fortunate to have a deep and talented bench within PulteGroup, and I look forward to advancing the great partnership Brandon and I have built over the years. Now let me turn the call back to Jim.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Carl. I appreciate the question this morning. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is we've worked through the changing market conditions over the last three to four months, early on our incentives were largely financing-related incentives, things that aimed at buying the rate down, extended rate locks, things of that nature. We felt early on that we were getting traction with consumers, especially when you could provide interest rates that were sub-5%. And in some cases, we were able to even get sub-4% with the incentives. As rates have pushed up into the 7% range, we're finding those things to be less effective. And so we've really focused the majority of our energy on pricing to what we believe current market conditions are. So price rollbacks and price drops. We have been strategic in those, Carl, but as I've talked about, we've worked to protect backlog as best we can, but we really feel it's important to continue to move inventory and to maintain the market share that we've worked so hard to get in the market. It's really those price rollbacks that we've seen get some traction over the last two to three weeks. And so we do feel while it's tough, we are encouraged with the activity that we're seeing.
Ryan Marshall: The one comment I would offer to that, Carl, is we have historically seen the lowest can rate out of our active adult consumer that's a buyer that's not as heavily dependent on financing. That's been consistent over the years, and the trends that we're seeing today continue to support that.
Ryan Marshall: Well, Stephen, let me maybe just start with saying we've got – we've got a really outstanding sales and marketing team that has always focused on the basics of working our entire lead funnel. And that hasn't changed in good market times or even these more challenging market times. So our ability to get relevant and timely messages out to our sales funnel, I'm very confident in our ability to do that. So if we're so fortunate to see rates drop. I know that, we can get the right messaging out to let folks know are – we really emphasize and push with our local sales professionals as well to maintain the relationships with our lead banks and with our interested buyers at a very local and personal level. So I think there's multiple ways using kind of the big bullhorn of the corporate marketing platform, but you've also got the grassroots local relationships with our sales professionals. Maybe just the last thing is I think the market itself, if we were so fortunate to see rates come back I think we'll probably be the greatest marketing machine of any of them.
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, Jim will give you the sticks and bricks, and then I'll take the second piece of the question.
Ryan Marshall: And then, Stephen, as to your question on our level of spec inventory, we're – we've been talking for the better part of the last two to three quarters about our desire to have more spec inventory in the system. Over the last three to four months as the market has slowed we've seen a real preference for homes that are able to deliver in the next 30 to 90 days, and that continues to this very moment. In terms of the inventory we have in our system, 35% of our leap [ph] is spec, and that is right where we want to be. So we feel very comfortable with respect to that. Looking at the finished inventory, we continue to have less than one finished home per active community, which has always been our historical benchmark. So we also feel comfortable that we're not under any pressure with finished inventory. We continue to see good flow-through of our sales rate of specs that are being sold and that are delivering in the near term, which is a real positive for us. And then maybe just the last thing, Stephen, and you've seen this transition over the last couple of years, as we've moved more of our business to the first-time entry-level product, we've intentionally put more spec inventory into those first-time entry level communities. And certainly, that's where the higher percentage of our spec inventory resides. So we feel comfortable with that. The last thing and I highlighted in my prepared remarks, as it relates to forward starts of new inventory, we've significantly slowed that, and we're matching that to what our sales rate is. So we think we've done exactly what we said we were going to do and we've made additional adjustments based on how we see market conditions at the moment.
Ryan Marshall: Mike, the only -- in addition to Bob's comments, I'd just highlight that as we make price adjustments, those adjustments are made to base price. And so those adjustments aren't going to necessarily show up in the incentives that Bob just described. And we've talked about it for the last several quarters as well as we're opening new communities, which there are a fair number of those. We've been very intentional in pricing to the current market such that you have -- what we believe is a more normal incentive load.
Ryan Marshall: And then Mike, to your margin question, yes, a lot of that will certainly be next year for homes that are on a build-to-order model. If it was a spec home, then those will show up more likely than not in the fourth quarter, and that is incorporated into the margin guide that Bob gave for the fourth quarter. Depending on kind of the nature of the adjustments we've made, some of those incentives also have flown into backlog as we work to protect the backlog and get those homes closed as well. That's also incorporated into the guide for the fourth quarter.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Matt, it was really wrapped up and I think the prior answer that I gave. As we looked at what we'll close in the fourth quarter, it incorporates specs that have been sold, some specs that still need to be sold, as well as some adjustments that flowed through the backlog based on pricing adjustments that we made in active communities. Those are the big drivers that are influencing the Q4 guide. The only other piece that I would add is there's a little bit of continued labor pressure with back-end trades, specifically the finished trades for what is still a pretty heavy load of inventory that's moving not only through our production machine, but the industry's production machine. We are starting to see some of that subside on the front end of things as starts have started to come down, and it's given us better ability to have productive conversations with front-end trades, as we work to pull costs back that are responsive to the dynamic environment that we're seeing.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Anthony, it's a fair question, and I'll go back to what I think we've talked about for years. We really look to maximize return and so we're focused on both the pace and the price kind of levers. I would tell you, we'd like to see more volume than what we're currently seeing. But as I highlighted in our prepared remarks, we're trying to be strategic and take a long-term view of that's really underpinned by what we still see as a very positive housing market. Unfortunately, we've had a doubling of interest rates in 10 months, which we've never seen in this country, at least not in the last four years. And that's coming on the heels of an unprecedented global pandemic. It's created certainly some dynamics that we're being responsive to, but we're not going to overreact.
Ryan Marshall: Anthony, we're – as I highlighted in maybe my previous question, we're continuing to see some back-end labor pressure with the finished trades. And then at the current environment, we haven't seen a bunch of progress with cycle times. We're still running right around six months, which is kind of unchanged from where we were in the prior quarter. I wouldn't expect to see any improvement in Q4. There's just too much production still on the machine. I am very focused with our production teams to claw back cycle time in 2023. So my hope would be by the time we hit Q2, Q3, Q4 of next year, we're starting to see some meaningful kind of quarter-over-quarter improvement as we get back to more typical cycle times. So I'm confident based on the drop in volume, but also just the healing of the supply chain, which continues to get better and better – that, that can become a reality in 2023 and beyond.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Ivy, thanks for the questions. I appreciate it. In terms of the cancellations that we're seeing, it's both. We're absolutely seeing buyers that can no longer afford, we're also seeing buyers that still can't afford, but they've gotten cold feet for whatever reasons. And in many cases, they're walking away from pretty sizable earnest money deposits that economically don't make a ton of sense, but that's where you really get into the psychology. They're just not confident in making a purchase. I'd tell you, as we look at the trends over the last couple of quarters, we haven't seen a noticeable or a significant change in the mix of reasons why folks are canceling. That's been pretty consistent. In terms of the buyer pool, Ivy, it's understandably less, and I'll specifically focus on who can afford as the industry is going through some pricing adjustments, I think we are working to get more people into that pool. The pool that's harder to quantify, and I'm not even going to attempt to guess is how many people are on the sideline because of psychological fear. Those folks just aren't engaging with us. They're waiting. And as I highlighted in some of my prepared remarks, I think the only way we get that buyer back into the market is through stability and those are unfortunately things that we don't directly control. So -- and we've highlighted what we think they are.
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, Ivy. What I'd highlight is we underwrite return, we've never underwritten the margin. And so the screen that we're using in the current environment is we're using current pace and price against the historical return on invested capital screen and risk grid that we've always used. And we have not compromised on that. The -- so the deals that we've elected to walk away from simply don't meet that screen. The ones that we've elected to move forward with, by and large, continue to meet our return-based screen and that includes margins that are all over the board in terms of the historical range that we've typically operated. And Bob, anything you'd add in terms of underwriting? So hopefully, Ivy, that helps in terms of your question.
Ryan Marshall: Not at all. We're continuing to move forward with it and open those communities. And in fact, some of the communities that we've recently opened have been some of our brightest and best performers, which is really encouraging. I think there's two reasons for that, John. One, these are good communities and good locations that have got great interest lists that we've been working for a long time referencing back to the marketing comment that was asked a little bit ago. We've also been very deliberate in making sure that we're pricing the current market. Now, we do that all the time when we open up new communities, but especially in light of the current environment, when we're opening, we're making sure that we're opening at a value, and we've seen traction there. So communities that are opening today have been in our pipeline for a long time. They were bought right. They were arguably developed at a pretty attractive cost basis as well. And so we can continue to deliver nice margins and more importantly, good returns out of those communities.
Ryan Marshall: No, Mike, we actually feel really good about our geographic footprint. We've entered into several new markets over the last three to four years, and we're as confident in those today as we were when we made the decision to go there. A lot of the places that we've entered into in recent years have been places that have had really attractive job growth and really nothing's changed along those lines. There are also places that are attractive climates. They generally tend to be more affordable places and there are locations that are predominantly in the Sunbelt. So we think our new market expansion strategy still makes a ton of sense. In terms of our existing markets, we're really happy with them. I wouldn't -- I don't know that I have any real additional color to add in terms of the geographies that are doing well versus not other than what I highlighted in my prepared remarks. The Western markets are the toughest for sure. I think that's been widely reported by -- for many sources. We're also seeing relative softness in the Northeast, some of the more expensive locales. The Southeast, Florida, Texas, relatively or performing better for a lot of the reasons that I just touched on as with my comments on expansion markets.
Ryan Marshall: Truman, the view that we've had on realtor commissions through time is to be balanced with it. We certainly appreciate when relators are the procuring cause or our – truly bring kind of a buyer into our sales office and help with that process. We've paid, I think, a market competitive broker commission. We're still in the same position today. So there's certainly cases here and there where you may have an above average broker commission, as an incentive to move a particular property that's got a unique set of circumstances, but broadly, you won't see us as a strategy employ above average broker commissions.
Ryan Marshall: I think it depends on the market and it depends on the builder. I think there are certain builders that part of their strategy – their marketing strategy is largely directed toward outsized or above average broker commissions. So as the market gets tougher, you're seeing certain competitors that use that as maybe their primary marketing tool, you're starting to see those bigger numbers come into play.
Ryan Marshall: Yes, Truman, it's really the – we've been talking with all of our trades, but I would tell you the more kind of recent and impactful conversations have been with the front-end trades – so underground plumbing foundation up through shell, exterior shell, those conversations have been frequent and helpful. Those are the trades that are feeling the slowdown in the industry right now. And so as they evaluate their kind of business situation and kind of the volume that they would like to be doing and what efficiencies look like. We're engaged in what I would tell you, are productive conversations. We need to pull cost out of housing generally. That's our organization, and that's our trades as well. I think we can all appreciate that we've seen unprecedented inflation, both in materials and labor. And those costs are real. And so I think we're trying to take a pragmatic but very intentful approach in how we try to pull cost out of the system.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah. We typically don't give that level of detail, Carl. What we have seen with cans is a little bit of a change versus where we were three months ago, we were seeing churn in the 30 to 60 days. What we have seen is a little bit more cancellation for folks that have been in backlog a little bit longer, and it's that rapid and substantial rate increase from when they signed. So at the end of the day, I think -- I don't think that we're surprised by that, but we have seen a little bit of movement from people that have been in backlog a little bit longer.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah. So in the most recently printed quarter today, third quarter, our incentive load was 1% on closing. And that is a little bit better than last year, 30 basis points better than closings during the third quarter of last year. What we did highlight was on the sales in this quarter, so not the closings, but the sales that rate ran up to about 2.5%. So running higher and also that financing incentives, and we talked about this in the second quarter, we're up over sales in the third quarter of last year, so that the total load of incentive is up on current sales, by a couple of hundred basis points versus the closings that we had in this quarter. So then that will influence our business over that couple of quarters as those homes close.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah, Mike, it's – there's so much detail behind that, where – what the price points are. You can see, though, our sign-up – average price for sign-ups is down by about 6%. That certainly reflects some of the current pricing. You have to be a little bit careful because our sign-ups were a little bit more skewed towards first time, and so mix matters in that. So I wouldn't want to put a number on x percent down, because it really varies by market, by community. But again, you can see that ASP is likely to come down and there will be some margin consequence. And you can see it in the guide that we gave, where we at 28%.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah. Without getting into the detail month by month, I think you heard it in Ryan's prepared comments. The demand equation followed the rate movements. And so you saw a little bit of a dip in rates in August. We saw some activity around that, where people came off the fence as rates progressed higher after that, we saw a relative decrease in demand.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah. It's interesting. The market will tell us that. I don't want to predict. We've got obviously call it, $400 million, $450 million of total money at risk around option deals. So that's going to be pre-acquisition spend, legal, et cetera, as well as deposits. You heard us say and we've been doing this for a while now, we're reevaluating every land transaction. And it's interesting because we made the point in the prepared remarks we have been closing on a lot of transactions. And our expectation is that we will for the balance of the year, there will be some stuff that we walk away from. I wouldn't want to try and quantify it. But part of the reason our land spend is projected to go down next year is because it's getting harder to make stuff work, especially in things that were negotiated more recently. So as that stuff comes to the table, I think we're going to have some questions to answer internally as to whether it still meets our return requirements. The good news is, and again, it was in Ryan's prepared remarks, the 11,600 lots that we walked away from had a land act spend of $800 million. And if we had bought all that land at a point in time, that might have been some tough markets that we would have had to work through. So we feel -- and Ryan said it, we don't feel good about a $24 million charge. Having said that, having to work through $800 million of land with, oh, by the way, a lot of development spend on top of that. So we feel like it's actually operating the way we are as we look at the market, we're trying to get more of that optionality into our book. We've targeted 65% to 70%. We're pushing our teams to look for optionality, whether it be in time or take down. So I think -- I don't want to guess at what the market is going to bring to us. We'll work through each transaction as we go.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah. We'll go through the same exact exercise we always have. It's interesting we highlighted in this call. We are out on our revolver, which is – we started borrowing a little bit last quarter. We're actually out on the line today first and foremost, we'll pay that off. Our expectation is that we'll be able to do that in short order. Then what we always do is look at what the next several years. So it's not a point in time, capital generation and usages and we'll consider investment in land. We've highlighted that we think spend is going to be down, we'll be building and monetizing our backlog. So we think we're going to be cash flow positive. And so we'll look at the capital base that we've got and what to do. And we'll have choices. We can – we will obviously continue our dividend. We can look at share repurchases. We will also be looking at our leverage. Obviously, the run-up in rates makes our debt a little more attractive on a pricing basis. Not suggesting, we're going to do anything, but it's – and we look at these things consistently through time, and we'll consider all those things. But I think you can – should expect to see us in market for equity, and we'll look at any other use of cash at the same time.
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Looking. I don't -- we're going to have to get back to you on that. What I could tell you is that it is again, running at a consistent percentage. We haven't seen a run up in the percentage of people who just don't outright qualify or rejections. So -- but what the relative percentage of that is, I don't know off the top of my head.
