Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah Nishu, I think it’s a couple of things. Mix matter geographically, so certainly in the fourth quarter this year what drove some of the increase was heavier concentration of California [closures] where prices are higher. In terms of going forward, it’s a continued mix shift to some degree. We obviously over the last three or four years invested a great deal on the move-up space that has a higher average sales price. As we mentioned in the fourth quarter it was $464,000. So as you see more of those communities opening, you’ll see the price mix higher. And again as you saw this year, sort of a sequential increase quarter-over-quarter, our expectation is you’ll see the same thing in 2017. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Nishu, its Bob, I think what we’ve highlighted is we’d like to stay at or near that 40% rate. It’s our belief that we can stay there, we’ve talked about needing to maybe go outside that a little bit. It’s much a function of buying down the equity makes the percentage just naturally accrete higher.  But in terms of the cash flows of the business, yeah we like many in the industry have typically outflows in the first half of the year, as we build house and develop lots that we will deliver later in the year so the cash flow is skewed more heavily towards the back half of the year.  You and should expect us to have that impact the way we buy stock during the year, and so we’ve talked about by the end of the year probably being low 40s in terms of debt-to-cap, and I don’t think there’s a significant need for liquidity. It will obviously depend total closings, cash flow generation, and profitability. But we think that within the construct of the capital structure today, we think we can manage through it. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: So John the absorptions were actually, if you look at the straight calculation down a little bit. But if you exclude the Wieland communities which we’ve talked about in the past being slow moving, we actually saw roughly 2% increase in absorptions and across the universe that was flattish on the entry level up 2% on move-up and up 5% on the active adult. So we did some growth there if you take out the impact of the slower moving Wieland communities. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah, Mike its Bob. I don’t think we characterize margins as being something that can be, correct my word fixed. They will move overtime, we’ve enjoyed for the last several years really high margins we still do. The market will ultimately dictate where margins go from here. But we do think we’re operating a little bit differently the way we are creating floor plans, the way we’re underwriting our land transactions, should lend itself to continued strong margins.  But it’s important to remember; we underwrite through return and so as an example, the more option transactions we do could influence the margins, mix matters. The more entry level or first time business we do could influence margins. So, as Ryan said we feel very good about margin profile today. I don’t want to say that it will be here forever though. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: I think the way you said at the start of that question is right. As we have cycled through, we’re turning over a third of our asset base or a third of our community count each year and so the land that is feeding in to our cost of sales is increasing overtime.  Certainly input costs are rising particularly labor, and so what you’re seeing is, against the backdrop where non-mix adjusted pricing isn’t increasing as rapidly as it was two or three years ago, we’re feeling a little bit pressure because our input costs are going up a little bit faster than the ASP has over the last 12 months compared to say 36 months ago.  So for us it’s a continuation of that theme in 2017. I don’t think you should think about it in terms of spec versus non-spec. We’re not changing our stripes there. We put a little more in to the production pipeline, but it’s only about 30% which isn’t terribly different than it was a year ago.  And then mix, the mix question it’s not geographic, right. Our margin profile doesn’t change that much across different parts of the country. Certainly there’s a little bit of a mix differential entry level versus move up versus the active adult space, and so that influences our margin. But we don’t see that having significant impact next year.  And the other thing that obviously feeds in to our margins is the interest expense. Obviously our interest costs are up in fiscal ’17 versus ’16 because of the capital raises that we did in net in 2016. But we think that essentially gets offset by volume differential so we think it’s a neutral on our margin ’16 to ’17. So I don’t know if that helps, but all those things factor in, but I would tell you land and input cost particularly labor are the primary drivers. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: I’ll start Mike, in terms of free cash flow generation we haven’t provided any guidance. I think it is fair to say we expect the business to grow in ’17 and against that backdrop not spending as much on land acq in particular but also land development combined that we expect to be cash flow generative this year.  I think if you could take a step back, we are not pivoting away from investing in the business, but what we are doing is spending money today to improve the assets that we’ve acquired over the last couple of years which we think generates growth in closings, and so we’re spending more on development.  So historically if you’d gone two years ago, we were probably 50-50 land acq versus development spend. Given the numbers that you saw today, that number is clearly moving more towards development, which bodes well for cash generation because what we are doing is improving the assets to generate sales and actually getting a return on our investment which you heard Ryan talk about.  We want to be balanced in that. So we don’t have our foot quite as heavy on the gas for growth for future acquisition, but we want to maintain the growth associated with the investors we made over the last couple of years. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Mike we’ve talked about it before. It’s actually - I don’t know that there is a geographic ability to do with the hire in one place versus another necessarily. They are all individually negotiated, sometimes we chose to put our money partner in between, but that’s a little bit more challenging because return is scarce on a relative basis and they want some and we want some.  What I would offer is, markets where we have good, long, deep relationships with the land community and have high relative market share offer us more opportunities. We get to see more deals, we see them earlier and so our opportunities there seem to lend themselves to more activity again where we’ve got again a long tenured land team and with good relative market share. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: I think the only think I would add to it Ryan just as Stephen is, we’ve also always said that while the guard rails are 30% to 40%, we would go above or beneath them if we saw a compelling reason to do so. But that you should expect us to tell you when we do that and how we expect to get back in to those guard rails.  So, example, if there were transactions that we found compelling that would make up a factor here, push us to a 45% debt-to-cap ratio, we would do that if we thought it was beneficial to shareholders.  Having said that, we would probably expect say as part of that dialog saying here is how and when we would expect to be able to drive that ratio back in to our 30% to 40% range. So certainly they are not mutually exclusive, we can do both. It really would boil down to Ryan’s point, if we saw a compelling to buy it because we look at it as a land transaction. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah I don’t consider it candidly levering up. I mean we are at a higher rate than we were for all the reasons that Ryan just talked about. We invested in the business including M&A and two deals that were fairly significant capital users, and we are buying back our shares which again was part of the strategy. And all with it, if you remember back, this was December of ’14 when we did the investor day, we said those are our priorities. And again the guide rails are 30% to 40%.  I can’t comment on what our peers are doing. I think what you’re hearing from most and you are hearing from us as we see continued growth in this space to the ability to earn return on the investments we’re making.  So it’s interesting, I don’t think we are trading out our strategy, we’re executing on it, and we’re at the higher end of our range, but we think that we can de-lever that overtime as we run the business. So, interestingly if you talk about land approach while we are investing in the business to everything you heard us talk about, we are focused on shorter, faster, turning, high asset efficiency transactions which we think mitigates risk, and I think that’s what you’re getting at, risk management.  We think our strategy fits in that and so not being defensive, I don’t think we really have “levered” up. Yes, it’s a little bit higher, but certainly within the framework that we want to operate. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah Jack, I guess it’s really a reiteration of what we talked about a little while ago. We’ve got higher land, we’ve higher labor and we knew most of that 90 days ago, but certainly the interest rate increase and the impact on affordability factors in to that. So just on balance, our expectation is that we’ll be at that lower end. There are still very high margins and always worth it to reiterate, we don’t underwrite the margins, we underwrite the return. And we think it will be return accretive as well. 
Bob O’Shaughnessy: Yeah, the only thing I’d add Jack is 3.1% in the current quarter, it’s a little over $12,000 a unit, so it is still moderate on relative terms. So to all the points that Ryan made it’s not like we’re seeing it go up to 7% or something like that. 
Ryan Marshall: John, its Ryan, thanks for the question. We continue to like the strength of our business in the Midwest. We’ve got excellent land positions there, we have very good operators, we have nice market share. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, we did see a bump in consumer sentiment that I think certainly contributed to the strength in the year-over-year increases that we noted in the Midwest section. 
Ryan Marshall: As I think Bob mentioned John, we are expecting 5% to 10% growth in 2017 that will be balanced throughout the year as we move through 2017. We noted that our year-over-year increase in the fourth quarter was 17% community count growth, which was slightly outside the range that we had previously provided, which was mostly been driven by the slow close-out of a few older communities. So we like the community count growth and we’re also very positive about what our absorptions were in the quarter.
Ryan Marshall: Hey Mike its Ryan. I’ll take - there’s a lot in that question, I’ll take a couple of pieces of it and then we may have to come back and clean up some of the loose ends. We’re very proud of the margins that we have and it’s been part of our value creation strategy aimed at driving overall return on invested capital.  Certainly as I talk about in some of my prepared remarks, it’s important to balance the pace and price equation, margins are one component of that making sure that we’re continuing to turn our assets are also part of that component. But we like what’s going on with our business. We’re turning our assets, we’ve got strong margins, we’ve got strong profitability, we’re growing our earnings. Those are all very good things for our investors and for our shareholder base and we like what we’re seeing. 
Ryan Marshall: The other thing too Mike that I’d add to Bob’s comments there, we’ve made real improvement in our SG&A leverage year-over-year or going to show about a 100 basis points of incremental leverage. When you combine a very strong margin profile with some added SG&A leverage, you get down to the operating margin line that we’ve provided guidance of 11.5% to 12% also puts us in a very competitive spot within the peer side. 
Ryan Marshall: Couple of things that I’d point out, excluding the insurance benefit that we realized in Q4, we’re forecasting lowering 2017 SG&A as a percent of revenue by about 100 basis points as I mentioned, and that’s relative to 2016 . So we’re on track to drive meaningful overhead leverage in the business in ’17.  We talked in our last quarter earnings call, part of that was coming from peer growth in the business, part of that was coming from absolute cost reduction. As to your comment about our cost higher, we believe that part of the difference between us and some of our peers are the investments that we’re making and delivering a superior product quality, as well as customer experience and we think that that’s a differentiator for our company and frankly as part of our strategy, and we believe we get the benefit of that in higher gross margin.  So part of the reason you hear us talk about gross margins, SG&A leverage and then ultimately operating margins and looking at it in totality. What I would tell you about SG&A Bob is, SG&A discipline is going to be a focus of mine. We have continued room for leverage and it will be a focus of buying to go and get it, and we’re proud of the progress we’re making, but I don’t think - I know that’s not where we’re going to stop, so I’ll leave it at that. 
Ryan Marshall: And Mike as you heard us probably say in the prepared remarks, our ability to do that is really because of the 30% annual compound growth rate that we had on land acquisition investment really starting in 2013. So the health of our land pipeline is quite robust and we’re setup for very nice success and very nice growth as we move in to the future years.  I’ll take the piece or your question that you had on inventory turns. Inventory turns is a huge part of driving the type of returns on investment that we’re looking for. Land is clearly the biggest investment that we have on our balance sheet and so as we’re going to move the needle on overall inventory turns, the focus is squarely on efficiency of land.  You heard me talk about a focus being in getting more efficient and lean with our land inventory. We provided a few more details on that today, but if you look at our current vintage of acquisitions that we’re making, there’s a heavy percentage of options which certainly help with the goal of driving inventory turns. The average year supply is near three, even slightly below three and the average size of those excluding a couple of large Del Webb acquisitions are around 100.  So we think we are doing some very nice things that are different and going to create enhanced inventory turns for us in the future. 
Ryan Marshall: Mike I’ll let Bob take that one, maybe I’ll just chime in with one little overwriting comment, and then I’ll let Bob give you a little bit more color. But 46% of our acquisitions recently had some component of an option mixed in to the transaction. Certainly options are attractive, we strive to get them. We’re not going to overpay however, solely for the goal of having more options.  The goal again is to manage risk, to drive a better and higher return on invested capital. When it makes sense to do options we’re certainly going to strive to do it. I’ll let Bob give you a little more color on some of the geographic. 
Ryan Marshall: Stephen this is Ryan. Our prioritization of capital remains in the following order: investment in to our ongoing operations specifically land is priority number one. We include M&A in that same category. So we look at it very much like a land transaction to the extent that we can do an M&A deal, it certainly gives us in many cases a ready now or a quicker land pipeline versus buying something raw that’s got to go through the entitlement process.  The second piece of our capital strategy was to continue to fund our dividend which we are doing. And then the third piece of that strategy was a share buyback. Given where we were at with the state of our business, we made a decision to announce a $1.5 billion share buyback that’s taken place over the last 18 months. We’ve executed on the 500 million piece of that in 2016 in the back half. We’re going to continue to execute against that plan for the $1 billion in 2017.  But, look, we’re out in the market, we’re looking for opportunities. Certainly evaluation comes in to play when we are looking at M&A, no different than we wouldn’t overpay for a piece of raw land we don’t want to over pay for a potential acquisition either.  I’ll let Bob take the debt-to-cap piece. 
Ryan Marshall: Yeah, and Stephen I’d also add to that. When you look at the maturities of our long term debt it’s very attractive. So certainly we’re paying attention to a number of things, we’re paying attention to what our absolute debt-to-cap rate is, we’re paying attention to what we think the growth of the business looks like, and the cash flow that’s going to be generated and then what those long term maturities are.  And I think when we put all of that in to the soup and we come out with what our strategy is, we like them a lot and we’re running it. Certainly your job is to compare us to our peers and pay attention to the differences, but I think we ‘re running our strategy as opposed to as Bob as opposed to taking someone else’s.
Ryan Marshall: Steven this is Ryan, so thanks for the question, a couple of things here. Let me take the segment question first, when we look at the active adult segment it’s historically a segment that performs better in the spring selling season. If you think where the locations of those communities are, they are in the southern states. It’s generally the folks that are migrating from north to south. So I don’t know that anything abnormal is going on within that segment, other than it is a segment that I think is highly sensitive to consumer sentiment and consumer confidence levels. We actually saw that get stronger as we move through the quarter. So I’d expect to probably see some added strength from that buyer group as we move in to the first quarter. As far as, demand and has it been pulled forward? I don’t believe that. I believe that as we move through the quarter, we saw some choppiness. There was certainly some choppiness and consumer sentiment and consumer confidence lag if you will and maybe even a little bit of a vacuum that was created around the time of the election.  I think once we got pass the election, things started to at least calm and folks had a little bit clear picture of what their future might have looked like. We’ve seen as we talked to our operators and we listen to what’s going on our sales offices. We’re seeing good consumer sentiment and I think that’s a positive thing for not only us, but the entire industry.  We saw a little bit of an uptick in interest rates, we talked about that. We don’t see that dampening overall demand or desire to purchase, and we’re optimistic about what prospects are for Q1. 
Ryan Marshall: Stephen, we underwrite ROIC, so that’s the metric that we pay attention to. I think ROE is certainly interesting and something that we look at, but is not the metric that we underwrite to, its’ ROIC. In terms of the levers, I think it’s difficult to say there’s a one size fits all strategy. Every single transaction is a little bit different depending on the price point, the buyer group, the nature of the land transaction.  We do and we are making different decisions on a case by case basis to maximize margin. Sometimes it’s more price less volumes, sometimes it’s more volume less price, because that’s ultimately what’s going to turn the asset and drive the returns that we’re looking for.  I would tell you that we have made a pivot in the way that we are looking at this. Historically we were probably heavily focused on margin as being the primary driver, and we’re leading the organization to have more of a balance and make the appropriate decisions on pace and price to get the intended outcome. 
Ryan Marshall: We haven’t seen a huge shift in demand Alan, and frankly we haven’t altered our spec strategy. So if we go back a year ago, we introduced more spec in to our overall production pipeline than what we had been say two years ago or three years ago. We’re still running at a fairly low rate, and as Bob mentioned we’ve got just over 600 thinner specs which is less than one per community which is the number that we target.  We are still introducing specs in to our system because it helps with production, it helps to even out a production flow with our trade partners and when we can provide them with consistency of work, that’s a good thing. We want to keep our trade partners busy and on our job sites.  As far as consumers go, I think anytime there is a threat or a talk of rates increasing it does create a little bit of urgency if you will to make a buying decision buy a spec, lock an [array], get a loan closed.  As I mentioned the fact that we’re still at a very historically low rate that all still works to the buyers favor at the end of the day. So we didn’t see a noticeable shift between spec and to be built. 
Ryan Marshall: Our labor remains tight, but we’re managing very affectively with the labor that’s out there. We’ve got very strong relationships with our trade partners and our division teams are purchasing procurement agents, our division presidents, our VPs of construction. Our folks on the ground I think have done an outstanding job in managing and maintaining those really strong relationships with vendors that frankly have a stable supply of labor.  As far as what’s going to happen with immigration policy, I think we’re watching like everybody in the entire country. There’s not just our company, not just our industry, I think everybody is looking at what’s going to happen with some of the policies out of the new administration. Immigration is just one of those topics that we’re paying attention to.
Ryan Marshall: And Jack I’d just add, the guidance that we gave a quarter ago was 24 to 24.5. We’re reiterated that guidance. We have steered towards the lower end of it just based on what we’re seeing in our backlog and some of the other factors that we anticipate in 2017. Our expectations for cost increases both labor and house are in the 1.5% to 2% for 2017, which we see is very reasonable.  So to Bob’s point, we have a lot of communities cycling out, a lot of communities cycling in, somewhere on the order of about 250 out and 250 new come in. So as we work through that, we look at the different margin profiles that’s how we’ve come up with our estimates and we tried to provide good transparency and communication to you all to help with the way you build your models. 
