Grant Brown: Yes, Matt, I think you got it. It all starts with those macroeconomic events that we mentioned that are impacting everyone, right? For Qorvo, as you pointed out, the important driver there is the 5G phones in the areas that you mentioned. Earlier this year, we set up a $750 million in calendar 2022 and then revised that in May to between $650 million and $675 million, where the revenue impact to us was approximately $250 million in the June and September quarters. Since then, as you mentioned, the macroeconomic environment has worsened. Android-based customers that pulled back and the channel inventories have grown. So now, we see fewer 5G units in calendar 2022 as overall demand continues to reflect those macro pressures. In total for Qorvo, I touched on it in my prepared remarks, but the weakness that we saw there implies a fiscal second half is down approximately 10% from the first half. But that said, we currently expect the December quarter to be the low point for our Android-based business. I realize that’s a lot of detail there to hit your question, but I hope that provides some context around the margin guidance of 48% for the full fiscal year. I really want to be clear, right? We’re taking active steps to improve our inventory position and lowering utilization in order to align with the demand.
Grant Brown: Yes, sure. In terms of the charge itself, right, maybe I’ll start there and then I’ll talk about the GAAP-only treatment. But the charge itself, I think we’ve appropriately accounted for the impact both present and future. As you mentioned, it represents about $110 million charge and touches all the elements of that long-term supply agreement that share the same root cause, right? The existing material and the incoming material, the deposit – purchase commitment liability that, more directly to your question represents the view of the impact over the remaining life of the agreement. We actually continue to place POs with the supplier for material that supports our current order levels, and we’re working with them to negotiate the terms of that agreement. Based on that, we determined it wasn’t representative of our ongoing business and decided that it wasn’t going to fall into our non-GAAP cost of goods sold.
Grant Brown: Yes, sure, Vivek. Let me try to put some comments around it. But I think given the nature of the events that are impacting that channel inventory, being macro and out of our control, it’s hard for us to pin it down precisely. But given that backdrop with COVID lockdowns in China, the war in Ukraine, high inflation and all the other global macroeconomic challenges, obviously, we do see the inventories higher than normal, especially within the Android ecosystem. And most of the companies that we’re selling to there were planning ordering and producing for much higher growth than the industry is currently experiencing. So it will take some time to bleed down that inventory, which is again why we’re bringing factory utilization down to respond throughout our fiscal year, but we’re not putting an exact time frame on it at this point.
Grant Brown: Sure. Let me start, and then maybe Bob or Eric can fill in some more of the details. I think in terms of the December quarter, we would expect it to be below what we were talking about last quarter on the call. So certainly, it’s coming down from what we talked about as a low point there expected in December. And that cuts across our Android-based customers in general. And Eric or Bob, if you add any more color on the market itself.
Grant Brown: Yes, sure. In terms of inventory, we normally think of it as turns. So ideally, we would be operating at approximately high 3s to 4 turns was what we would consider more normal. Obviously, where we’re sitting today is off the mark. And that – or that’s, I guess, going to be reflected in the utilization and gross margin going forward. So in terms of where we expect to end the year in dollar terms, right now, I predict it to be down. But again, I’m not going to guide that far out on the balance sheet at this point.
Grant Brown: No, I wouldn't make that conclusion. If you look at the charge itself, there is a purchase commitment liability that stretches far into the future, right? The length of the contract. And so that entire charge would be coming out in the quarter. And that's certainly not reflective of our operating business this quarter. Generally speaking, the situations that led to the charge are also not indicative of our business, right? The time in which we had originally signed it, there was a massive silicon shortage. And today we're seeing a significant draw down in demand due to some very large impactful macroeconomic factors. So neither of those things are reflective of our business and management's view, and we have excluded it for that reason.
Grant Brown: Yeah, sure. So in terms of the back half, I mean to average into the 48%, I would say, probably 47% is maybe a better estimate to start with. I know that will lead you a little bit ahead of a 48%, right? And so, there's some error in that forecast, because we typically only provide a quarter guidance, it's looking out longer. But in terms of the utilization, if you look at what we had said last quarter our gross margin should have been approximately flat to ticking up marginally and the delta between that and what I'm talking about today is almost entirely utilization based. So this is a conscious decision on our part to lower utilization and response to demand and adjust our inventory balances.
Grant Brown: Yeah, sure. So to put that into perspective, our China-based customers were down approximately 45% plus on a year-over-year basis. So that provides some context to the number, right. And that's all in relation to the macroeconomic factors we talked about, with the war in Ukraine, the COVID mitigation efforts especially, and I just mentioned, around China, it's the largest producer and consumer of 5G phones. So this had obviously a sizable impact on our top line, as we experience the inventory correction, we expect in the second half of our fiscal year.
Grant Brown: Yeah, sure. Why don't we save that for the 10-Q, there'll be a lot of additional detail that will come out and it'll provide all the background with the agreement as well as the breakout on the $110 million charge.
Grant Brown: I'd rather not get into it until you've read the 10-Q. It'll lay out pretty explicit detail exactly the, the charge. The $1.4 billion would be the aggregate total amount of purchase commitment that we have the $110 million is the amount of a particular agreement that we feel. We couldn't live up to according to the existing terms, which we're negotiating now with the supplier.
Grant Brown: Yeah. I just want to point out with cycle times being what they are and what we're running in Q4 would be for Q1 and all those kind of things. So I don't want you to draw any false conclusions on how things are looking, and I think we'll leave it at the guidance we gave you on the gross margin.
Grant Brown: Yes. Let me try to clarify on that point. That’s for a multi-year timeframe. So if you look at our cost of goods sold over a multiple years, that number, it might help you put that number into perspective.
Grant Brown: Yes. It’s the best place I’d point you to would be K for our largest customers. We don’t report them on a quarterly basis.
Grant Brown: Yes, sure. Thank you for pointing out the free cash flow. I think, it highlights our discipline around cash flow and us managing the business to generate free cash. Obviously, there’s some strength in the quarter and then some discipline around CapEx, right, which is something that we’ve carried over the last number of years actually. Looking forward, I don’t expect there to be any change. I’ll start and then if Bob has anything to add on your second question. But going forward, no expectations for change there. We’re still looking forward CapEx to be in line or lower this year than last year. And generally speaking as we look out in time, it should be around 5% of sales.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. Vivek, this is Bob. I’ll just add a little color there. I mean, clearly, our customers are continuing to order from us, and we’re continuing to ship to them, and we’re making adjustments. But when we said it’s the Android ecosystem is what’s bottoming in December, it’s coming back up in March, but I mean not to the levels it have been. So we still have ways to go there, just to be clear.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. I think, first of all, a little bit of a different view on this year is a little bit different from the perspective of their end market. I think we all expected at the beginning of the calendar year that the China market itself for 5G would grow very nicely as well as their export market for 5G, particularly in the Southeast Asia as well as into Eastern Europe and Europe. As you well know, things kind of changed with all the lockdowns within China. They have trouble even making phones, let alone people going out and buying phones. So that kind of shifted pretty significantly. And then when you layer on top of that the war in Ukraine, which starts to impact some of our Chinese-based customers, someone like Samsung, who Europe is one of their larger markets, clearly, what’s going on there, the slowdown that we’re seeing. So a little bit different dynamics. But I think what is important it is that I think we’ve got a good handle on this. I don’t think anybody was able to forecast the lasting impacts of COVID and the lockdowns. Now with that said, with the three business segments we have, it is our goal, if you look at how we laid out the growth rates for each one of these, we will over time significantly improve the diversification of our business outside of handsets in general. And that’s one of the things we’re setting out to do. What we’ve done is to accelerate our growth and accelerate the development of technologies and new products for other markets. So that’s some of the steps we’re taking. But I think this year is a little bit different than what we’ve seen in the past out of our Chinese customers. Thank you.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thanks, Blayne. And I kind of touched on a little bit, but we’re ramping in two handset manufacturers, both here and the North America. That’s driving good growth. Also, as you pointed out, our defense business is strong. Our power business is strong. We’ve got a few other smaller segments that are also doing well. And what’s off is the Android ecosystem that we’ve been talking about, and we think we’re going to drop a little bit more in December with that.
Bob Bruggeworth: I’ll add to that, Blayne. We’re also a trusted foundry I want to remind the group for filters, GaN and high-performance gas products that support everything that Philip said. So I think we’re going to be able to participate in that. And it’s yet to be defined the actual process and the allocations and things like that. But as we continue to learn, we’ve been very active in the CHIPS Act.
Bob Bruggeworth: Another point, it is a multi-year agreement. Make sure you understand what Grant was saying. It's not, just this quarter that was the charge. It's over multi years, we looked at this.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah, let me take that one. I think, it is more or less mid-30% typically as a percentage of overall sales and probably bottom out around 20% of our overall sales.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah, if you look at our guidance for the September quarter, that does include the impact of us throttling down utilization.
Bob Bruggeworth: We're not guiding at all to utilization. It's a complicated function of which products and which factories in our network are loaded with a given mix for our customers in any particular time period. It's not something that we typically provide any color on.
Bob Bruggeworth: Oh, no. Great question. So let me cover that one really quickly. It’s all tied together. So the weakness that we see in the second half us dropping utilization in our factories and this long-term supply agreement are all attached to the same set of root causes, which are the macroeconomic factors that we tied in before. The contract itself is a multi-year agreement. And the charge represents the impact all over that contract period. So it’s all represented in that 110 million for the life of the agreement.
Bob Bruggeworth: So I think the follow-on to answer your question longer term, we’re not making any change in our CapEx. We believe that this too shall pass the world will return to growth. Predicting when is everyone’s pointed out will be a challenge. But from our macro view while also point out we continue to make great progress and I’ll use some of our broad filters as an example where we have made tremendous progress over the last three or four years to be able to double the capacity by actually reducing our [indiscernible]. And we continue to work on those things. So when you get a downturn like this, we continue to work on those things. We don’t stop any of that engineering work to improve our productivity. So over time, yes, we’re going to be able to as Grant pointed out, continue to expand our business, while running at a very low CapEx compared to what we historically won brand years ago.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to seeing you at our upcoming investor events. Thank you and have a good night.
Philip Chesley: Thanks, Gary. This is Philip. So IDP is doing well. We posted both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year revenue growth. It really is somewhat market dependent. I will say that in our Defense and our Power segment, we continue to see strength. On the base station business, we do see some inventory buildup in that end market. It’s actually kind of interesting. You have kind of two dynamics that are playing in that market where, in some cases, there’s oversupply. In other cases, they can’t get enough product in. So making that end market a little bit murkier there. But in Defense and Power, clearly, we’re seeing a tailwind in those businesses.
Philip Chesley: Yes, Blayne, this is Philip. We’ve been partnered with the U.S. government for many years, right? I mean you’ve seen the releases from ship programs, the STARRY NITE, which is 90-nanometer GaN development. So for us, this partnership is kind of a natural cadence that we have in our business. When we look at the CHIPS Act, I think, for us, it expands the opportunities that we have. I think the good news for us is that we have a lot of relationships already. And we’re looking at areas where we can basically expand kind of what we’ve done in the past with the CHIPS Act.
Philip Chesley: Also want to add that we are currently negotiating this and just keep that in mind as we cover this. But again, it’s the Android ecosystem weakness that we’ve been talking about.
Philip Chesley: Thanks, Brett. I think I appreciate the question. I think when you look at our defense business, there are a lot of real strong tailwinds that we see occurring. And that goes from our GaN process technologies as defense space moves in the radar segments from LD Moss to GaN. We’re well positioned there. We see it both at our foundry. We see it in our standard product business in defense as well. So this isn’t just a story of what’s happening in the geopolitical environment today. This is really, there’s some long-term drivers of growth in that business. We’re also doing SAM expansion. We’re looking to build this business, our defense business into an RF and analog play. We’ve moved some of our power management technology into that market as well as our chip program, which does the advanced packaging that we have in Texas. We’re seeing a lot of really good opportunities in that space. So I think that defense with the increased semiconductor spin in the RF side, the SAM expansion that we’re doing with our chip program as well as what we’re doing in some of the other analog segments, it has a lot of positive challenge right now.
Philip Chesley: Yes. In aggregate, that’s true, right. We’re building for a seasonal ramp. We are seeing strength in our defense and power businesses, as well as our bio business that Bob talked about earlier. So from a seasonal perspective that’s correct.
Eric Creviston: Yes, this is Eric. We’ve got – it’s an interesting dynamic because the team has done a great job actually of capturing design wins in Android, and we’re launching a couple of major flagship phones, beginning to ramp in the December quarter and into March. And so we’ve got great content and share gains there. The only question is units, right? And that’s going to be about the rate and pace of this inventory turn down, which is pretty hard to predict. So we’ve got a strong tailwind in terms of content and share gains, but just a massive headwind right now in digesting the channel inventory.
Eric Creviston: Yes, yes, sure. So we’ve got a pretty good view, of course, into the design win pipeline and to certainly to the extent we can control the rate and pace to the new platform, of course. But also very importantly, we’ve got the exact same components being designed in across the board across Android. So there’s – we don’t have like custom one-off parts that might get strand or so forth. We’ve got quite a bit of opportunity to continue designing in that inventory into handsets when the volume comes back.
Eric Creviston: Yeah, this is Eric. Channel inventory did grow in the quarter. Again, we continue to see outlook for 5G units dropping lower than we had thought before. And as Grant said, we were in the $650 million to $675 range just now looking closer to $625 million, others, you know, are seeing maybe $600 million. So again, it's not a crystal ball of course, but we continue to see a general softness there.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. And this is Eric, looking at the way you laid it out there, sort of exaggerates what's happening in the market because we are bleeding down inventory. So we're under shipping to the market demand for our component significantly during these next few quarters to get that channel inventory brought down.
Eric Creviston: Yes, this is Eric. I’ll take that. Yes, it’s not a significant challenge. If you look into those suppliers, they are gaining some traction. We can say they aren’t, but they’re discrete players and discrete functions which, the market for that is extremely low tier iPhones. And we continue to have the playbook. We have everything in house, every filter switch PA packaging, power management, antenna, tuning, everything you need in one roof. And we put those into very highly value added miniaturized modules, which aid and especially if you look at 5G handsets, I mean, it’s really required that use this type of technology. So yes, some progress in some component areas, but nothing that is particularly meaningful as of now.
Eric Creviston: Yes, it’s an interesting question. I’m not sure there’s any particular correlation other than to your point when we were constrained, it created opportunities for others that’s a good point. And we’re certainly coming out of that constrained environment. But at the end of the day, it’s about who’s got the best products, right. And it’s product by product and handset by handset, the decisions are being made. We’ve got a very competitive product portfolio, a strong R&D pipeline, incredibly talented team working on these things. And we think we’ve got every reason to believe that the gains and share that we’ve been enjoying, especially in Android we want to continue.
