Bob Bruggeworth: As far as mid/high band PAD as with one of the bullets in the press release as well, we did begin sampling another Tier 1 customer a well.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes, Bill, at this point, we are not going to give guidance beyond the March quarter. I don’t think we can make any changes yet about seasonality, because we haven’t gotten customer demand signals yet and we are actually in our plan process at this moment. So we will provide more detail around both fiscal year ‘19 and about seasonality during the May call.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. Our current projection would indicate SAW will be down year-over-year in the second half. We are investing in a lot of key technologies in SAW which will help enable many different products that are coming, but with majority of those products that we are going to focus going forward on products that combined BAW with SAW to really make unique product offerings and leverage that asset further.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. Quinn thanks for the question. I think it’s best to say that our utilization is going down. Yes there is some percentage in share shifts in the low band PAD. I think what is important is that as Eric has already mentioned and I commented in my script that we are shifting our resources to what we believe is a more attractive profitable, but in the same time we still see plenty of opportunities to utilize the technologies that we developed in SAW where we can leverage both BAW and SAW. So I think that’s the best way to answer that.
Bob Bruggeworth: Vivek, let me first say, it’s nice that we are able to demonstrate the capabilities. Second, as you well know, not all funds are created equally and utilized the same architectures. So, I want to take a little bit issue with you on that. What I can say is yes, we are working on future generations and more importantly we are also working on these opportunities at other customers. So, I do believe we are at the beginning of the growth here. I think as we said all along when it was just a single BAW filter or few BAW filters in a module, we were able to compete when things got to higher order multiplexing, yes, we were behind and we talked over the last several quarters about how we have to first improve the resonator improvement performance, then work on how we can design multiplexers and then how we can put multiple multiplexers in a module along with PAs and switches what have you. I think what’s important is we now have demonstrated that capability. We are in the game and it’s our belief that we are going to be able to continue for multiple generations and more importantly of multiple customers.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes, fair point. I mean, it is a very complex product. However, the process itself has been very well rung out as you can imagine. We did have a very high volume ramp of the high-intensity BAW content product a couple of years ago that went incredibly smoothly and very, very well. So far, our 8-inch wafers in BAW are yielding at least as good as the 6-inch ones were. The entire manufacturing line seems to be running very well. We are already running quite high volume samples of the product to prove out manufacturing variances with credit quality issues and so forth. So, we are doing everything we can to assure smooth ramp. There is no recent belief it won’t go very well.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. I mentioned earlier that we turned the corner on the fall 2017 flagship. We have clear visibility into increasing content on the spring flagship launch. And we are very excited about the engagement so far for the next fall flagship launch, but we believe we have the capability of significant share gains there as well.
Bob Bruggeworth: Okay, thanks. So as you said really strong design win again this quarter, 40% year-over-year and really the same story is our revenue growth led by defense and IoT, strong design wins combined with the funnel really gives us pretty bullish outlook for the business for future growth. Couple of specific examples, are things that we talked about in the press release you saw our design win with Samsung on TVs and so that’s a nice future growth prospect for our low-power wireless business. And then we have also had a string of nice design wins inside the Wi-Fi business as well.
Bob Bruggeworth: I am really sorry, but any future predictions that our largest customer architectures number of phones etcetera. I am sorry we are going to stay away from that. I am sorry we can’t help you with that, maybe you can ask them tomorrow.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. We don’t see any obvious impact certainly nothing immediate and obviously Qualcomm is already a supplier into that market with various filters and ET and so forth. So like we understand the motivation for the announcement, we don’t think it necessarily has any implications on us.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. I don’t think we can really give any more detail around the mid/high band PAD other than just say we are progressing forward. It’s on track. The team has done just a fantastic job developing an incredibly competitive product and we can’t really get into anymore detail.
Bob Bruggeworth: I want to thank everyone for attending tonight’s call. We look forward to meeting many of you at upcoming conferences. And we ask that you save the date of May 23 for 2018 Investor Day. Thanks again and good night.
Eric Creviston: This is Eric. I will take that. We are currently projecting we will have the largest actual generation-over-generation content increase we have seen driven by many product categories and then we see tuning continuing to increase, envelope tracking as well as BAW-based product.
Eric Creviston: Yes, this is Eric. I will take that as well. We look at the attach rate of the Band 1/3 cloud plexer to enable carrier aggregation going from about 15% – maybe 15% to 20% as we exited CY17 up to about 50% attach rate based on the guidance of the carriers for any handset over RMB 1,500 to require the capability. So, that’s such a pretty significant step up and gets us back to where we were frankly in 2016 with the attach of that component. And as we look forward as you mentioned, ET is moving into that tier where we are seeing a lot of design work with our customers for our Phase 6 solution. We are the first to market with that solution and ramping into production now. Phase 6 does several things for our customers. It increases the integration level, which speeds their time to market. It also reduces the size by at least 40% and in most cases about 50% of their current design and it increases the output power at the same time enabling Power Class 2. So, we do all of that in fewer placements by integrating the vast majority or in some cases all of the filter content into our two-placement solution that does all that for the front-end. So, we see that integration factor and the Phase 6 opportunity for us is being a very key content for us throughout this year.
Eric Creviston: Yes. So, we are doing our best to maintain tight control of the channel inventories. And so we are following the volumes as they come. You see that in our guidance essentially. To answer your question specifically, in the December quarter, the China guys were roughly 20% of our revenue and that’s of course lower than historically. And looking into March, we are consistent with our guide, we are following the directions and taking our judgment to their current plans and trying to make sure that first and foremost we keep the channel tight, so that whenever the end-market recovers we will see that demand immediately.
Eric Creviston: Yes, this is Eric, I will address that and actually I will talk maybe Huawei at the same time. Throughout last year we had talked about we had gotten a little out of step with Samsung and as well as with Huawei. We began to turn the corner with Huawei in their fall flagship launch. I think that’s clearly demonstrated now. We are also committing to increasing our content from each platform forward with Huawei. So we will have greater content in their spring lunch and even greater in next fall beyond that. So, we have begun the turn with Huawei, but we have also been clear that we don’t expect that to be the case with Samsung in this launch. So the spring cycle for Samsung we are not expecting any growth in content, not expecting much help there. However, second half of this year both in the last year and in their second half flagship launch we do expect to turn the corner and start to see meaningful change in share and particularly large opportunities for Samsung. And in their spring next year launch we did mention we have sampled a second custom mid-high band PAD to know the marquee customers as an example. And I think James would love to talk about Samsung as well.
Eric Creviston: Yes. Regarding envelope tracking, the market there continues to be very exciting. It’s enabling many things not just lower current consumption, but also higher output power in many markets as we talked about as you can imagine content increasing due to performance improvements, also the dual uplink when we get to that point will require additional envelope tracking content. So, we are seeing content increases with the OEMs and baseband partners we are working with now, but in addition to that, we are engaging quite meaningfully with the new baseband partners, which will add potential revenues this calendar year.
Eric Creviston: Yes. I’ll try Harsh, not exactly sure how to answer the question, it’s not brand new TAM for the market, it’s a particular function within advanced smart phones that has grown pretty dramatically in terms of capability and content generation over generation and we believe it will continue. We mentioned calling it the integration hub. It’s got essentially all of the main path mid and high-band functions within it and we see over time how it can grow and actually take over other mid and high-band functions, for example, in the diversity path. So, it’s a great deal high-value, very high performance sort of heartbeat of the modem.
Eric Creviston: It’s a great opportunity. It’s not many people are able to pull off this way of sophistication and this level of performance and be able to manufacture in high volume and high yields. I think we are seeing a lot of customer for this type of product. Now that we have demonstrated the performance ability and going forward, I think just to add to what Bob said earlier, we see a lot of reasons and ways for us to differentiate the capability as power levels go up. We have a lot of power handling capability in our filter technology and so we are well aligned I think with the future architectures.
Mark Murphy: Yes. So we are not going to give specific guidance on gross margin not far out. I will make a few comments on gross margin. This will certainly help the Richardson fab in particular. But I will get to that in a moment. But our December quarter we were up again 50 basis points. So excluding the hurricane effects in the September quarter and we would be five out of our last five gross margin guidance. And if you look at our guides the five previous before five ago, we didn’t do so well. So we have certainly – we have certainly become more predictable and that’s the positive allowing us to get more productivity, better visibility and so forth. We have also had obviously steady progression on gross margin from what was the low in the second quarter of ‘17 of 42.8% to our current guide which is 48% to 48.5%. So we are really back at levels that we were back in fiscal year ‘16. So again undoubtedly we are getting better forecasting and we are clearly getting better on improving the business since we are up 500 basis points from trough to the midpoint of the current guide. All this has been an environment of weak volume, it’s been with the low margin low band PAD and has been candidly in a company that was still working its way through a transition. So if we look where we have been and we think about the progress that we have made, we have great confidence about the gross margin as we look out. Fabs are running exceptionally well. We have got capacity available that we are going to fill. The fabs are competitive and ready for business. The technology investments we have made are allowing us to move into the markets that are most attractive and we are securing wins now. And then you have got a management team that’s absolutely focused on gross margin and free cash flow and exhibiting the right behaviors. So the market of course Chris is going to dictate at the end short-term utilization of the fabs. But we do expect to at least in a quarter touch 50% in fiscal year ‘19, that’s certainly what we are working through as we are building our plan now. And I am confident that we will certainly be above 49% for the year average. And that contemplates Richardson, our largest fab moving up over 80% utilization in the next 6 months as well as increased utilization in gas as I mentioned in my comments and over 80% utilization in our back end operations. The one headwind is what I mentioned during my prepared remarks about our SAW utilization going down. On average fab utilization should be a positive effect going into ‘19.
Mark Murphy: Yes, on low-band PAD, I think all I will say in that is it we have continued to make improvements of the product. There have been some changes in the filter, slight filters required by the customer and that’s helped a bit, but mostly it’s just improved manufacturing efficiencies and improvements in that product over time. Yes, it’s still a net drag on the business, so as it sort of tails off in the portfolio, yes, there is a positive mix effect associated with that and that helps us into margin going forward. As far as the outlook on CapEx, we are making great strides in becoming less capital intensive. We are doing everything we can to leverage the foundry network where we can and then where we have unique device requirements that require our own production. We are being very thoughtful about what we add and of course driving all the productivity programs you have heard before. And that’s helped us achieve this lower CapEx profile as we see going forward. This year will be below 10% of sales CapEx. Next year, we think will probably be below 8% of sales on CapEx. And one example is we are going to be able to increase our BAW capacity 70% from current capacity to fiscal year ‘20 at only about $80 million of spend. So, a lot of positive things there on CapEx, which of course when you combine it with the growth we expect and the margin expansion we see a very strong free cash flow story. Again, we are in the midst of the planning process, Mike, so I am not going to give specific dollar guidance on OpEx, but what I will say is Bob and part of his productivity drive is really working the organization become more efficient on OpEx. And we have seen great progress this year as evidenced by this quarter actually, where we were at 17.9% of sales and really at a $600 million run-rate number. Now of course, you are not forecasting that, But what I will say that in – we are striving to build a plan that’s certainly below 20% of sales on OpEx for not fiscal year ‘19.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Ed, it’s Mark. On the low band PAD between versions we have now there is between 5 and 10 points margin difference, but as we have said even the improved one is still well below the mobile average margin. And these low band PADs are going to become a less important part of the portfolio going forward. I think we are going to be as Eric said we have a very capable SAW design team outstanding technology. We have proven our ability to compete in the most difficult low band PAD placements and ramp at the highest volumes with the most difficult customers. So, it’s not a case of not being able to do it, it’s a case of where do we want to spend our time and it’s really about for us with this confirmation of our technology on BAW ball as it relates to mid/high band really focusing resources there. And I think it’s important to note that our revenue mix over time is pretty dramatic and its helping us drive our margins as we look out. So, in this year, it will be less than 25% of mobile’s portfolio will be BAW related revenue. Next year, fiscal year ‘19, we view that being over 30%, in fiscal year ‘20 it’s over 40% and in fiscal year ‘21 it’s nearly half the mobile business is around BAW related opportunities, some of which will require the SAW filter content as well. So, I think that’s the story today as aggressive portfolio management.
Mark Murphy: No, Ed. Just to be clear and try to make it clear in the comments, we will have our utilization and our SAW capacity will go down and it will be a headwind in fiscal year ‘19. That is what we are currently planning and we are – we will plan to fill the capacity that we have over time with more selective SAW opportunities.
Mark Murphy: Yes, you are right. As evidenced in the December quarter, the guide in March and then the outlook for ‘18 is the free cash flow generation has been very strong and we expect it to continue. We have been clear that we intend to maintain a 1.5x debt to EBITDA ratio. So, we are currently fine there. We are actually under that. So, no need to pay down debt possibly take-out the 23 notes in this calendar year for some lower cost financing, but other than that, we would like to sustain those levels of leverage. So with that and with the greater flexibility on cash, with the new tax law, we have got both significant balance sheet flexibility and capacity. We have been clear that our first priority is to invest in the business, which we have been doing. And we believe we are going to be a lot less capital intensive going forward. So, that frees up even more of its operating cash flow to be fall down into free cash flow and then we will look at M&A activity. And I am really excited about what James has done with the IDP business, lot of growth factors in that business, so certainly keen on bolt-ons that are where we are focused and so always looking at opportunities in James’ business to bulk up and diversify core of overall. And then to the extent, our leverage is okay and there is no immediate acquisition, then we will return cash to shareholders.
Mark Murphy: Yes. We are still looking at the long-term RF market as 10% to 15% opportunity in mobile due to all the drivers that we have spoken about many times, really driven by the demand for mobile data. So we are thinking this calendar year obviously off to bit of a slow start and I think closer to the low end of that in terms of total market. And in terms of our own growth we are committed to growing at or ahead of our market while expanding gross margin and really focusing on cash flow as we go.
Mark Murphy: I am going to jump in for IDP, so we will have another 20% growth year as we close out FY ‘18 with strength in IoT and defense. Again, we are going to stay focused on our high growth markets. We model those underlying markets to grow at an average of 10% to 15% as well. And I expect it will grow at or greater than those growth rates.
