William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and hello, everyone. Revenues for the December quarter declined 7.5% sequentially to $225.4 million. Gross profit was $68.1 million with gross margin of 30.2%. During the quarter, we reduced output from our factories to lessen our investment in inventory and mitigate future inventory risk. Additionally, we recorded inventory reserves as a result of near-term demand softness. These actions had a disproportionate impact to margins in the December quarter, and we currently expect a sequential improvement in gross margin in the March quarter. We believe RFMD's gross margin will return to historical levels as revenue growth resumes. Operating expenses were $59.2 million with G&A of $9.7 million, sales and marketing of $13.6 million and research and development of $35.9 million. Operating income was $8.8 million, representing 3.9% operating margin. Other expense was $174,000 and non-GAAP taxes were $3.6 million. Net income for the December quarter was $5.1 million, with earnings of $0.02 per diluted share based on 283.9 million shares. Going to the balance sheet. During the quarter, RFMD repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares of common stock. Total cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments were $295.4 million. RFMD currently has $161.4 million par value of convertible debt, of which $26.5 million is due April 2012 and $134.9 million is due April 2014. DSOs were 47 days, 1 day better than last quarter, and inventory declined $15.3 million or 9% to $147.9 million with turns of 4.4. Net PP&E was $202.5 million compared to $208.3 million last quarter. CapEx during the quarter was $8.7 million with depreciation of $14.4 million and intangible amortization of $4.6 million. Cash flow from operations was $46.2 million, and free cash flow was $37.5 million. Now some comments to assist you on modeling our March financial performance. For the March quarter, RFMD anticipates share gains in smartphones and projects 3G/4G products will represent approximately 2/3 of total cellular revenue. Our 3G/4G products, including PowerSmart, ultra-high efficiency PAs, switch-based products and antenna control solutions are poised for continued substantial growth in 2012. The company currently forecast a greater than seasonal decline in sales to cellular handset manufacturers in China, primarily as a result of the impact of Lunar New Year on order visibility and a projected impact to channel inventory. China was greater than 1/3 of total revenue last quarter. This quarter, the information flow about order patterns and sell-through is muted since we're squarely in the middle of Lunar New Year. We'll know more in early February. Additionally, 3 customers, one a top-tier handset manufacturer in China and 2 top-tier infrastructure customers will deepen their commitment to RFMD by transitioning to inventory hubs during the March quarter. As you are aware, this creates a onetime impact to revenue as the normal 2 to 3 to as much as 4 weeks of inventory the customer carries must get absorbed in RFMD's inventory hub. That said, RFMD currently believes that demand environment and its end markets support the following expectations and projections for the March 2012 quarter, RFMD expects March quarterly revenue of approximately $185 million. RFMD expects gross margin to improve 200 to 300 basis points. RFMD expects non-GAAP per share results of breakeven to a $0.02 loss, and RFMD expects to reduce inventory levels and generate positive free cash flow.  And with that, we'll open the call up to your questions. Thanks.
William A. Priddy: Yes, I'll take the first part about the hub question, Ed. We think it could be in the $4 million to $5 million range in terms of revenue impact to the March quarter, and we do not expect that to be an overhang into the June quarter.
William A. Priddy: Ed, the question was, did all the products grow or they were limited to SOI? And I believe for competitive reasons, we're going to discontinue breaking out the preciseness of where the growth is coming from. We set out targets early in the year for PowerSmart, for our switch-based products. Phenom has grown very nicely, and we're kind of looking at all these solutions as a bucket of growth drivers going into calendar year '12. That all are doing very well on their own and as a group continue to grow.
William A. Priddy: Nokia declined in absolute values this quarter and will likely decline in the March quarter as well.
William A. Priddy: Right. As we indicated, the impact in margins was disproportionate on the December results. For one thing, we wouldn't expect to have a replication of the inventory reserves in the March quarter, and that was between 2 and 3 points of the decline to inventory. And also, because of the way in terms of your manufacturing and the way you run your facilities, when you put the brakes on your facilities very abruptly as we did inter-quarter, it tends to have a more pronounced effect on the cost structure in that given quarter. So from a manufacturing standpoint, manufacturing variance standpoint, we actually realized a bit more during the December quarter than we would expect to realize in the March quarter, even if we run the factories at a lower run rate in the March quarter because again, we're already planning to reduce the utilization rates. The utilization rates were unplanned during the December quarter. That's why we're confident. Number one, we haven't added any new additional capacity. We haven't added any new additional manufacturing overhead, so this is really a revenue-based inventory reserve type issue that we believe will spring back. As we have shown historically, we can do based on growth in revenue. And so even without growth in revenue, we still see margins turn around improving March and then, once we get back into June, we can see the return to more historical margin levels.
William A. Priddy: Well, mix is a little difficult to project out even though as 3G/4G becomes an increasing proportion of our product mix, that is our friend, and certainly as MPG begins to grow again, that will also positively impact mix. We do see the March quarter as the bottoming out quarter, as you will, and clearing out quarter for inventory levels. And we would expect to, as we exit the March quarter, be ramping back up again in anticipation of growth going into June and beyond.
William A. Priddy: Yes, well, Harsh, I'm not -- kind of looking for some data here real quickly, but I'm not say that history will repeat itself exactly as the past, but we can go back to a period of reduced demand back in the 2008, 2009 time frame where our revenue dropped fairly quickly, our margins fell to close to 20%. Then as revenue started coming back the following quarter, the margins went right back to the mid to upper 30s. So again we're not painting that scenario for the March quarter because we're not projecting revenue growth, but I do think as you see revenue growth return in the June quarter, you can expect a very rapid uplift in gross margin. Like I said, there's nothing fundamentally changed in cost structure with the company. In fact, if anything, we're more lean now in terms of cost structure than we were a year or so ago, and probably, more competitive from an overall supply chain standpoint. So I think what you're seeing is a product of being very vertically integrated in terms of manufacturing and the effect of abrupt slowdown in our manufacturing facilities, which in no way indicate a change in our long-term model view.
William A. Priddy: That is correct. Yes, it's seasonally down March. I mean, I don't think you would expect an increase in our business with Nokia.
William A. Priddy: Yes, and I think I'll add one last comment to Eric's about the ASPs per handset or the dollar content. I think maybe if you were asking what are we getting for typical 2G phone today, it's well under $1 for a PA. In fact, it's trending a lot closer to $0.50 and maybe $1 of total RF content. And when you get into a 3G phone, there's a 3 to 4x multiplier on there and a 2 to 3x multiplier for the 3G entry market. Then when you get into LTE, you even have a greater multiplier. And I think that is the RFMD thesis, the investment thesis that more of our business is shifting to 3G entry, to 3G into LTE and thus our dollar content is probably poised to expand more than just about anyone in the space that I can think of as these products continue to play out and as 2G becomes a lesser percentage of our total business.
William A. Priddy: Yes, I think -- yes, when you look at the landscape, one significant design win here or there, can so much skew the amount of revenue growth in a particular platform or particular phone model, which could heavily weigh one way or the other, the switch base products or the Phenom-based products or even the PowerSmart products and in particular, our antenna control solution. So, it's really a forward-looking statement that it's very much customer-driven by specific models that will be launched throughout the calendar year. But I think we have very broad coverage though, across what will be released.
William A. Priddy: Yes, I'd like to reiterate, once again, no fundamental change in our gross margin model, since there's been no changes in our -- in adding capacity or our manufacturing costs. In fact, like I said, if anything our manufacturing costs are leaner today than they were a year ago.
William A. Priddy: Yes, a couple of things, there is traditionally, some seasonality in the MPG business in the March quarter, and we often mention that we had a couple of key infrastructure companies transitioning to hub, so those are a little bit of a headwind for the MPG group but we'll see how the quarter goes.
William A. Priddy: Yes, Samsung came in right on expectation, so a little higher than expectation for us during the December quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And Ed, in regards to our new products, clearly, the growth that we saw in 3G/4G with switches, PowerSmart and Phenom, we saw a nice growth and quite honestly, we're looking for growth again this quarter in those new products.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ed, I think what I will say is we commented a lot about Phenom's growth opportunities. Phenom, of the 3, was definitely the fastest-growing and just remember, that's also off the smallest base and we expect that to continue.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: But I think what's important, Ed, is as we've been talking about, we do believe as we enter the fiscal year, our next fiscal year, we do expect to be growing kind of quarter-over-quarter with Nokia, again, provided they continue to do okay in the market.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ittai, all good questions and we'll do our best to address them. And I want to make sure, so we're going to keep all the comments just to China. And just to be clear, when we talk all of China, this is the Chinese manufacturers. So this will be Huawei, ZTE, Lenovo and all the other 300, 400 manufacturers that we sell to. So all these comments are geared towards that. And I think it is a few moving pieces as you've asked. And I think what we can say is over time, we clearly expect 3G to become a significantly larger portion of our portfolio in China. As I said in my opening comments, we grew about 50%. It's just we had expected to grow a lot more. And I think as we continue to see the rollout of the TD-SCDMA, wideband CDMA and further out TD-LTE, it's clearly going to become a big growth for us. And as you know, we've got our design resources there, our factories there and have built good relationships for a lot of those baseband manufacturers as well. We feel we're pretty good -- in very good position for the transition of 3G. But I think most of your questions were about what happened with the 2G market? Did you lose a little bit of share, and what all transpired there. I think I'll let Eric go ahead and cover that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as our 3G/4G business, flat up slightly, so not declining. And then as far as the hubbing goes, it's about 50-50, I would say, maybe a little bit more towards CPG as far as the impact.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sorry, I'm not sure I understood your question, but we're not breaking out our business forward-looking, about any of our customers, especially those that haven't reported yet. So I want to be very careful with talking about Nokia, and we really haven't given you much color as what percent our business is of China. What I can say is, it's probably going to be a lower percentage in March than it was in December.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, this is Bob. And I'm going to take at least your comment about what others have seen. I can't comment on what you've heard from others that have reported at least in our direct space, but clearly, China we were the #1 market share position of about 40%. Now I think we probably, if for any things that happened in that market we'd probably be impact a little bit different. Also I wanted to comment that our China business as you pointed out in the white box guys, we still got a very strong business with Huawei, ZTE, Lenovo and many others and what Eric talked about earlier was, some of the white box shifting even to a lower tier within that segment. And we did see that shift but some of our business was not quite as strong in 3G in China as well. Although we grew significantly but not as much as we had planned and there is a transition going on and 2G is declining. But to say our business is off 60% seems a little bit large, so I don't know if you weren’t starting with the right number. Again, in my opening comments it says, we describe our China business today that includes all of the manufacturers in China that are like Huawei, ZTE, Lenovo, et cetera. You might have been starting with a different base, I don't know.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as LTE goes, just to be clear, I mean, we like our position, whether it's PowerSmart, our Phenom PAs and our switch and signal conditioning products as well because again, the complexity that you see in the front end with switches, the performance that we're able to show makes a significant difference. But I'll let Eric speak a little bit about the traction and the take up and what we're seeing with the products.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I guess, Eric will take that from a cellular perspective and, Norm, you'll take it from a baseband, or for the infrastructure, the base station part of it.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I don't think I've looked at it. I think what I can say, coming off the base, it's clear our Phenom products are going to be fastest-growing, clearly with the work that we've already won in 3G and 4G, it's going to be the fastest-growing. I'm not sure if I aggregate it altogether because also adding in the switch content...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, I think the other thing we've said on prior calls was that the sales funnel for Phenom is much larger. Primarily, as you know, the largest baseband manufacturer out there being Qualcomm that's who those are aligned with, whether they're the discrete PAs or the multimode multiband PAs, clearly, that's going to drive a lot of growth. So I think, again, we're coming off a low-base, it's clearly going to be our fastest-growing and has an opportunity to grow faster than what we have with PowerSmart but it's still a little early to say as Dean has laid out, just looking at the number of wins we have, the number of baseband manufacturers and depending on the schedules for LTE, as we look at because we look at most things in the fiscal year and not in the calendar year so I think that's where we're headed they're both going to grow extremely nicely year-over-year, along with our switch-based products. Go ahead, Eric, if you want to add some color.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: This is Bob and what I said earlier is we really didn't want to get into what percent Nokia was going to be forward-looking because they haven't reported yet. So we did say they're going to decline through normal seasonality, and we did not break out Samsung as a percent of sales this last quarter or the quarter before, just other than both Nokia and Samsung have been our 10% customers and neither one of them has reported.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'd say the whole category of those new products we're -- that we talked about in 3G, 4G were at or slightly better than target.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. We hope we've made clear tonight our belief that RFMD's 3G and 4G products are poised for substantial growth in 2012. We expect MPG will recover as the macro environment improves, and new products and technologies will deliver revenue growth. Finally, we have exciting new product cycles extending well into the future, and we expect sequential revenue growth to resume in the June quarter enabling broad improvement in our financial performance. Good night, and thank you.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure, Bob. The guidance for March, we were definitely taking a pretty conservative stance on 2G in China. But I think that from what we learned in December, which is that there's a clear transition to 3G happening today. Net-net, that's certainly good for us. We have a lot of content in 3G and well represented, as Bob said, across the baseband manufacturers. But as we're going through this transition, we saw -- if you look at the carrier data, for example, about 80% of the net adds in December quarter were 3G. That's up from 20% of the net adds just a few quarter ago. So we're seeing a heavy push by the carriers to 3G. Unfortunately, 3G today is only 15% of the total subscriber base, so you're still not -- you're not seeing the kind of replacement rates driving the handset demand for 3G, at least 2G, pretty low I think in the meantime as we're making that transition. Export market is lower for 2G. You expect that to be pretty dependent upon the macro situation and currency rates and so forth. So I think there's a lot of factors going into the 2G situation the way we've seen it. But just based on what we learned in December, we're being pretty cautious with March until we get to it very [ph] near.
Steven E. Creviston: Okay. So we'll start with the market share question. We have fairly good visibility into that. We work, of course, with all of our largest customers, and we have worked with them directly. Then we have distributors as well for the mass market there. We get sell-in and sell-through data pretty reliably by week from both of those sources. I think what we saw in the December quarter, we have to say, net at the very top level, that there was a share shift. What we saw was during a very weak market for 2G, the phones that we're selling were the very, very low tier, so the lowest-cost handset than those generally aren’t the place from our producers we're representing. We're more in the medium and high tier on 2G. So I think that net-net, there probably was a share shift that happened during the December [ph] quarter.
Steven E. Creviston: I think it'll be roughly the same. We have, of course, as we're ramping 3G entry, we're doing more of that with our larger customers, where we'll have maybe a little better visibility and in particular better planning, I think, as we ramp these products up. But, in balance, it will be roughly the same.
Steven E. Creviston: Right. So in 3G, we're actually feeling extremely positive about our position there. I think the fact that we grew 50% sequentially in 3G in China in December despite the overall market being what it was, I think that it's clear that we're again beginning to take share in 3G. We've talked about reference design positions across all the media tech platforms. We've talked about Qualcomm reference designs in China that were won last quarter. We're also very well represented with Spreadtrum, especially in their TD platforms going forward, and then we announced another one, which should be a fourth baseband supplier as well that's entering the 3G market in China, and we're on there as well. So we feel like we have very broad coverage and the Phenom class of products that we're bringing to this market really does bring exceptional performance and then our switch products as well allows to really help solve the entire reference design that's sort of incompletely. I think TD in particular is an area we'll be focused on going forward. We have new products coming out. One of the only products on the market that'll offer a very compact multimode solution for TD in multimode with 2G. So we're very excited about the overall placement we have in 3G entry and all of the design wins we're getting today point to a lot of share growth there.
Steven E. Creviston: So this is Eric. In terms of cellular business, we continue to see normal pricing as we've talked about in the past few calls, there's pockets of competitive pricing in 2G here and there, but broadly the market is moving towards performance plays in 3G and 4G and total systems solution. So it really -- pricing overall hasn't changed much.
Steven E. Creviston: Certainly, no question. And in fact, in the December quarter, our year-over-year growth of Samsung was very, very large. We continue to win obviously a lot of new business with Samsung represented across all their platforms and tiers, all their basebands, we mentioned that we've ramped PowerSmart itself even across another Samsung tier with another baseband supplier, so they're helping to drive, to converge architecture broadly across their platforms. They, I think, will be a big consumer of Phenom as well. We're ramping this quarter, Phemon slots with Samsung. It will be a very important part of the product portfolio for us. And then looking forward to LTE, that's going to be really big for us with Samsung. We know how to work with their design teams, to help them optimize their phones, especially for this new generation. Our applications team in Korea is amazing. Design and sharing, really focused on Samsung. We expect we were their largest RF supplier in 2011, and we expect to be their largest RF supplier in 2012.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, in production with 2 so far and looking forward, as we go to LTE, we really have a growing list of baseband relationships there as we roll out the LTE version of PowerSmart, and so we have frankly more than we can handle in terms of baseband integration projects right now for LTE with PowerSmart.
Steven E. Creviston: No, I think it's definitely possible within the next couple of quarters at the rate we're going. We're growing 3G very quickly and again, our thesis on this 2G versus 3G thing is that 2G has officially started its decline, and we think 3G is going to be growing very rapidly and especially on a dollar basis, of course, we see the content. And that's one other note just to add here, I think if you look at the baseband supplier's numbers, we talked about a 2 to 3x multiplier, from 2G to 3G which is great, they have a much higher multiplier. So if you look at their dollars, I think as they replace 2G with 3G, you're going to see -- they're going to get hold much faster than we will. But I think within the next couple of quarters, we'll be there as well.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, continue to stay well-engaged and Phenom in particular, I think, is going to be ramping a lot of Qualcomm-based platforms throughout this year, and we're engaged in very -- tightly in the engineering level on future generations.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, I think, maybe it's helpful to think of timing. We will be ramping Phenom solutions into LTE sooner. Those are going to market, ramping with platforms today whereas PowerSmart will be -- it's sampling today, integration is happening throughout the year and production late this calendar year, essentially for the LTE version. In both cases, I think, as Bob was saying, what’s really interesting for us is that we're looking at a much more complete system solution here than we have even in the past. Our switch products and antenna control solutions in some case are actually being bundled with those power amplifier solutions to create a total solution. So for PowerSmart, LTE, for example, we expect to have the antenna switch module as well as part of the RFMD solution. Many of the Phenom solutions for LTE are ramping with our antenna switch modules, antenna control solutions as well and that's because we really work on the system problems of linearity and isolation as you're switching through the multimodes and multibands and, of course, current consumption in thermal performance, so it's really what we're focused on. So and a lot of the benefits from PowerSmart and Phenom are similar. We've got similar core architectures in there that allow us to very efficiently support many different handset manufacturers who deal with those solutions.
Steven E. Creviston: As I mentioned earlier, the 2G products certainly has certain pockets where there is more price competition than normal but that's relatively limited. And if you look at 3G and 4G really, it's about performance still today. And total system integration making the products as small as possible, transition to multimode, multiband systems and then bundling total solutions together with switch leadership and so forth. So in those markets we're not seeing the kind of price competition per function. And obviously, we're seeing in total significant expansion, the total ASP per handset that we're getting.
Steven E. Creviston: Then from an infrastructure perspective, it's still little bit difficult to compare because architectures are very different between the different generations of infrastructure equipment, and we get into much more highly integrated components with the 3G infrastructure in particular. So it's a little difficult to compare really ASPs, one generation to the next.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, I kind of look at it differently. I look at market segments maybe so in terms of growth drivers in that respect. I mean 3G entry is going to be a big growth driver for RFMD. We're positioned to capitalize on that. There's a lot of consumers around the world making the transition from 2G to 3G, so that's going to be a big driver overall for the year for us. And then LTE, it is really amazing some of the phones that we'll be ramping later in this year in terms of the total content available there, it's very routine today to be looking at 4 bands of 2G, backward compatibility, 4 or 5 bands of 3G and then one, 2 or 3 bands of LTE all in the same handset. And in fact, even our PowerSmart LTE that again, we'll be ramping this year, we're looking at customers have required us to have 8 bands, any one of which can be configured to 3G or 4G on-the-fly, backward compatibility with 4 additional bands of 2G. So, yes, it's up to 12 bands of coverage. That will come standard in PowerSmart LTE and then we'll have bolt-on bands for the outlying LTE bands as well. So when you really look at that dollar content that's being driven by the LTE and higher end smartphones, that's going to be, I think, a key driver for us.
Steven E. Creviston: And your question about PowerSmart. Yes, we're in a full production now with 2 basebands at Samsung.
Norman Hilgendorf: And speaking for MPG though, this is Norman, we really don't see anything extraordinary happening in pricing. Just having normal ASP erosion that's all.
Norman Hilgendorf: Yes, right now, we see MPG leveling off. We think that we see things leveling off the current level right now and then picking up throughout the next year. The capital spending was very low in wireless infrastructure in the second half of 2011, and then slow infrastructure spread -- spend spread into other areas including some broadband cable TV, probably even some WiFi CPE from what we're seeing. But what we're hearing from our customers is to plan for a very strong year in 2012 for -- as some of the capital spending recovers and makes up for the second half of 2011.
Norman Hilgendorf: Yes, there's a lot of activity in 802.11ac. Today, I say our greatest activity is with the reference design partners. The certification has not occurred yet on that set, but just like we saw with 802.11n, OEMs are poised to release product even in advance of their certification there, so we’re seeing a lot of activity, and we think is going to have a faster ramp even than 11n. What we're hearing is that you can expect it to be material with an inflection point in calendar 2013 for handsets in CPE.
Norman Hilgendorf: Sure. In MPG, we've seen the business stabilize late December just kind of looking at the bookings relative to shipments. We've seen it stabilize at these levels. We're seeing some upticks in certain areas. Just not quite enough to break out of the noise but we're running at currently at the same level as last quarter.
