Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, as far as the – my opening comments, what I talked about was the flagship phones will begin to ramp in March, but they're really going to be in high volume in the June quarter. So, you have to see if the amount that we're going to be up in the June quarter, but again, we do expect those phones to launch late in the March quarter, but really hit high volume in the June quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, I think, Harsh, to add a little more color to that, what we're saying is I do expect significant growth in the June quarter. I also think we're being a little bit cautious on one of our larger customers. To reemphasize what Eric said, we're pretty bullish on our China customers and what's going on there. I think it's quite well-known our Korean customer and what's on their plate (26:12) out there, I think we're being a little bit conservative. But we do expect June to see significant growth quarter-over-quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And then for the year, I think it's a little too soon to call, because now you're asking us to guesstimate how well some of the marquee phones are going to do. But if your question is, do we believe we can grow in China in this calendar year, the answer is absolutely.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Let me try and answer this the best way I can, Quinn. We're making very good progress on qualifying what we're bringing up in 6-inch in Greensboro. In fact, we talked about bringing up the (31:29) SAW there for customer shipments. So, we're making very good progress on that. We are starting to in-source filters that we had bought externally and they'll be in production most likely next year, 2018.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: In high volume. We'll have some volume in 2017, but the real margin improvement that we want to see is going to be 2018.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: The other thing I'd point out, gross margins are guided to go up and revenues are down to support what Mark is talking about.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And, Ed, your question on BAW capacity, we will continue to add capacity as planned. Mark commented that we throttled some of that back through some of the things that we've decided to do through the last quarter on how to get the capacity in place going to 8-inch faster, but again as we commented in the – or I commented in my opening comments about how much we expect our BAW-based revenue to grow in FY 2019, which is really calendar year 2018. We pretty much have to have that in place and qualify up on 8-inch this year. So, we're going to continue to build that out to support revenues in calendar 2018.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, I think it's both, Ed. Really our largest customers, but in particular maybe the open market is where we see the fastest growing part of that segment. And we're just really thrilled with the performance of the BAW 5 and especially in the higher order multiplexing sort of applications, but also in WiFi. We mentioned LAA coming in WiFi. We know that's a couple of years off, but people are already beginning to think hard about that and that's really going to drive significant increase in BAW content even for WiFi there in the 5 gig band. So, just an awful lot of opportunities. We've got great technology now in a lot of places to take it.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, let's answer first one first. We don't see any significant change in the competitive dynamics in the BAW market with our largest competitor there. I think it's status quo and we've got the opportunity to take the enhanced technology out and go in several directions with it. So then, the second question was about the DRx module. Again, the roadmap is not firm. I don't want to rule anything out. It is possible we could do some that don't have BAW in them, but given our resource constraint, as you said, it makes sense to focus on areas with the highest differentiation. I would say, the other aspect here is that we are moving towards full system solutions at a lot of cases in which we've got the majority, if not all of the mainline content. And so, when we're in those positions, customers are happy to bolt on diversity receive in other items from us like WiFi. So, these opportunities are kind of disproportionately easier to capture maybe once we have the rest of the full solution. That's probably another dynamic change that you're seeing in terms of why we're getting more excited about DRx now.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think it absolutely narrows the field and it's not just upload carrier aggregation. We're seeing move to higher frequency bands. We're getting out to an early lead in the ultra high band, band 42 space as well with the advanced Gallium Arsenide. We're seeing LNAs become more important across the board because of all of that complexity as well. So, we've got some technology there and our tuners, especially as we go to advanced antenna systems and potentially 4x4 MIMO and so forth, our tuner content continues to be a very key asset for us and very differentiated. All of these things come together and as customers look for suppliers to provide more and more of the entire RF front-end system and more of those differentiators, you have the better.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. Vivek, I'll give you a little more high level again and allow Eric to add some more color. And number one, when we look at things at a very high level trying to compare us to any one competitor given our current product mixes and different phones we go after and different marquee phone launches, if you really look at the last three or four quarters, none of us have really been in sync. So, let's just put that aside. And then to what we were trying to get across through our press release along with our opening comments was what you said about our two customers in China, their phones are delayed. Eric outlined earlier why they're being delayed. It's not because of us, it's not because of RF. It is being delayed. And what I said was they would begin in the month of June in production and really hitting high volume in the June – sorry, in March they would begin production, in the June quarter we would see significant volume. And that's the two phones that are primarily driving us in China. And as we talked about with our largest customer in Korea, we had very large dollar content. I think it's pretty well known in the North American SKU and, quite honestly, they haven't seen the sell-through in one of their phones that they expected. And we're seeing coming down off of that, coupled with the delay in their next marquee phone. So, when you put all that together, that is the bulk of the delta that you're looking for.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, let me make sure I answer it this way. You're correct about making major changes to the filters themselves within the module. What we have been doing is working hard to improve the yields on the current filters that we have in there. So, I want to make sure when you say getting to our gross margin target, what Mark talked about is in March, which is very consistent with what we said before. So, in our mind, no change. So, if we said something that implied that, I apologize for that. But we're making the progress that we set out. That's why we hit our gross margin goal that we set and guided to in December. That's why we believe we're going to be up in March, as Mark outlined, with mix being down of the low-band PAD this particular quarter and, as he outlined, we're still on track for 50% in the March quarter. So, Mark, if you want to add some color to that, feel free.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us tonight. Qorvo is building a business that best serves where the industry is headed. We're building a broad-based pipeline of highly differentiated discrete and integrated solutions, and we're enjoying robust design win activity. We expect to drive double-digit revenue growth in fiscal 2018 and with it margin expansion, operating leverage, robust EPS growth and accelerating free cash flow generation. Thanks again for joining us and have a good night.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, they are, Harsh. And we gain confidence, of course, that we hit our target in the third quarter. What happened we thought would happen. We were up about 250 basis points related to the yield improvements and better quality performance, and then we lost a bit on mix. So, we were up net 150 basis points. As to our projection to the fourth quarter, we're going to pick up about 100 basis points associated with better mix, principally lower low-band PAD volumes, and then we think we're going to get about another 50 basis points on cost-related activities. So, again, up just north of 150 basis points to 46%. And then on a – looking out, Harsh, to the June, September, December, March quarters, in the June quarter, we're thinking probably in the – between 46.5%, 47%; closer to 48% mid-fiscal year; and then again our target is to be around 50% exiting the year.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. Cody, I would say – and this is Mark. In the June quarter, we would say March to June up to 10%, between 7% to 10%.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. For China, ex-Huawei, it's less than 40% in the quarter. And if you go on, I'll get more specific numbers.
Mark J. Murphy: And just, Vince (sic) [Quinn], to tie off on that one question for you, the Mobile business, China, ex-Huawei, is 30%. And as I mentioned, Huawei is an 11% customer. So, it's 41% in Mobile ex or...
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, Chris, fortunately not much has changed in our view. Last quarter, we gave it a walk and the initiatives that we were undertaking continue and will continue through the end of fiscal year 2018. So, what I said last quarter was about 100 basis points we get from wafer diameter and other manufacturing yield-related issues, about 150 basis points from utilization-related benefits and that has some to do with volume, obviously and the rationalizations we're doing in the plants. And then, about 150 basis points associate with supply chain and other productivity initiatives. And that's largely the same roadmap for the expansion now. It's a bit more balanced across the three now than it was, but largely the same, Chris.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, Chris, the 40% is in fiscal year 2019, but we expect the BAW-related fab, which is Richardson 6-inch and 8-inch to be over 80% in fourth quarter of fiscal-year 2018. Currently, it's closer to 50%, 60% and so, we expect that to expand. And we're actually – yeah, there were some developments through the quarter to figure out how to optimize the capital spend and customer ramps and so forth and we're actually able to do a conversion to 8-inch faster than we expected. And as a result, the CapEx profile will be a bit less in the short term and the need for Farmers Branch will be pushed out a bit.
Mark J. Murphy: Just maybe a comment, add a bit on this capacity on BAW. So as I mentioned, between 50%, 60% now, we expect to be around 80%, you know, by this time next year and next calendar year, March quarter of 2018. And a few things that the migration from 6-inch to 8-inch, as I mentioned we figured out some things to do there that we can increase capacity with – more efficiently. And it's allowed us to push out the Farmers Branch tool installs. And then, there's just a wide range of customer opportunities on BAW that will diversify the revenue and allow us to better load what capacity we do have. Diversity receive, as Eric mentioned, increased use of BAW in WiFi. There is, of course, a large customer socket opportunities and then – which are more BAW intensive. And, of course, there is even faster-growing market for BAW in China, which we're very well positioned. So, feeling great about the technology and where it stands and the capacity plan associated with it.
Mark J. Murphy: That covers it. We're continuing to make a number of improvements to the manufacturing process for low-band PAD filters and modules. It's going to remain, as it's in our product portfolio, one of the lower-margin products but a good product and a high technology product.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. I mean, part of my – Toshiya, a number of the operational improvements that I mentioned affect both businesses. So, part of that is in – benefits IDP, but you are correct that to the extent that IDP is able to outgrow Mobile, we would see a favorable mix effect on gross margin.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, Toshiya, a number of initiatives. We're certainly spending a lot of time on development costs for new products. And are we working most efficiently with our customers? Is our design cycle as efficient as it could be? And a number of other efforts to make sure our R&D costs are as low as possible. That is the largest part of the cost stack in OpEx. In sales and marketing and G&A, being very disciplined about labor costs and being efficient as we grow will certainly benefit given the growth rates of the company that will naturally decrease OpEx as a percent of sales. And we're working to keep it flattish on a dollar basis is the goal and just get that natural operating leverage going forward. So, my guidance for fiscal year 2018 is to be at or below model, which is 20% of sales and OpEx, and that would require that we, on a dollar basis, are keeping those costs contained.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. So, we'll begin shipping components into these during this quarter, just much later in the quarter than we had anticipated into March. And so, then the growth in June, we do expect overall and in our China business in particular to recover nicely in the June quarter.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure can, yeah. This is Eric. I think we all know that the delay of the new flagship is out there and the timing is a little uncertain there. I think we have a bit of a company-specific issue in that the North America SKU of the legacy model, which was intended to backfill that, was heavily based on Qorvo content. We have a lot of dollar content on that particular SKU, and the fact is the backfill has not been happening. So, that particular SKU of the legacy platform has been reduced considerably more than the other SKUs basically. So, we're disproportionately affected by that, while waiting for the new launch to take place.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. And for Mobile, of course, yeah, so it's in the 30% range for the December quarter results, and we see that being flat to down as a percentage slightly in the March outlook.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. We don't see any particular concern there, other than these models that the ramp has been delayed on. So, of course, there's inventory that's sitting there waiting to ramp these phones. But otherwise, it's nothing of concern.
Steven Eric Creviston: So, I think if you're referring to generation-over-generation platform gains, we're kind of expecting stability there amongst all the RF suppliers for the most part. So, it will depend about SKU to SKU maybe, but overall we think it's pretty stable.
Steven Eric Creviston: It's always a tricky time to talk about China when you're right in the middle of the Lunar New Year cycle. So, we'll know a lot more here in a couple more weeks when people come back and we see what the sell-through was. But in this particular case, we had two handset models, one with each of two of our largest customers. One had a critical component that had a supply shortage and delayed the ramp. The other one had a qualification issue. Both were non-RF-related and certainly not related to us. But they're just the kind of things that happen. They happen to be units that have a lot of RF content that we had the majority of and the sort of volumes that run into millions a month. So, it created a bit of a hole in the March quarter.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure. It's a very exciting product category for the industry, of course, and we have had some success there in a flagship phone last year. We basically have that choice of where to compete. We've got so many opportunities in BAW-based and even SAW-based power amplifier and integrated RF Fusion projects and we haven't really kind of dove in with both feet on the diversity receive module, but it is a $1.5 billion industry and growing at least as fast as the rest of the mobile TAM. And the shift we are seeing is really a need for higher performance in that category as our customers put even higher band counts in their phone and more carrier aggregation. There is a need for higher performance diversity modules and I think that's where we've got an opportunity. So, we're again going at it in a bit of a metered pace, because we do have a lot of opportunities to invest in, but picking and choosing the areas we think we can differentiate with performance and in particular bring our BAW filter technology into the diversity module and in some cases, we'll have diversity modules with a mix of SAW and BAW as well to optimize for various market opportunities. So, we're very excited about it and we'll begin to see traction in FY 2018. I think FY 2019 is when it will become more meaningful.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, thanks, Ed. Again, we simply are seeing a drive towards – really it's the proliferation of a carrier aggregation modes into the open market in particular, where customers want to go to market fast with a lot of different versions. And we believe that we can help a lot with the loss in the front-end especially in the carrier agg mode with the BAW filters. Although, in some of those applications, not every single band has to have BAW and in some cases SAW might be better suited. So, we'll use that to complement, as you said, the BAW. And you're right, we have a lot of opportunities without even doing the diversity receive, but there's several places where I think with the BAW differentiation it just makes sense to do it to help the customers' performance.
Steven Eric Creviston: We're basically modeling smartphone growth itself to be up very little, kind of low to mid single digits and the overall handset units themselves actually flat to maybe even down a bit as feature phones really taper off. So, we're not embedding any drastic assumptions about units. As you probably know, our TAM is really driven by the content story and growing a number of bands and a number of CA combinations. WiFi is also, we believe, growing even faster than the smartphone RF TAM currently, and we think we have got a great opportunity there. And also, I think really just the mid-tier, especially in the China-based handset market, those guys are really generating some pretty big volumes now and still growing rapidly and they're really adding a lot of RF content, especially as they look to export models. So, the whole story of the dollars per handset on average growing, that's really what's driving the TAM into the double digits year-over-year.
