Mark Murphy: Gary, it’s Mark. You’re right, the effect is about is over $65 million, adjusted the quarter, September quarter would be around $873 million or so. And so even without the additional week, it's still a very strong quarter for us. We're up over 10% sequential for that adjusted number. And we're going to be just under 10% year-over-year.
Mark Murphy: To add-on gross margin. Yes, I hate the single one-out is more important than the others because it's, I mean, it really does take all this to expand the margins in our view and so we spend a lot of time on productivity and Ops and all the programs over the years and great efforts there, it’s a critical part of getting there. We’ve also as you know have gone through a lot around right sizing our footprint and making sure that incremental CapEx dollars are directed at the right place and we're getting good return for those. But to your point, specifically on mix, that's why it's related about the investments you make in technology and when you make them and how you make them and we feel like we've put ourselves in a good position to compete where we want to compete, and that's where customers will value us the most where we bring the most differentiated products. And that's the portfolio management. So we do have, it's difficult quarter-to-quarter depends on the comparison quarter and as to how big an effect mix plays from quarter-to-quarter, but over the time here, over the long-term that we've been expanding our margins and we expect to continue to expand our margins. Mix is playing an important role.
Mark Murphy: Now Chris, it's Mark. I'll take that and then maybe just provide a bit more color on the year. It's been a tough year for everyone. And there remains a lot of uncertainty. So I'll provide some general comments realizing that there's still a lot of risk and we can't be too specific. I would certainly point everybody as always to the risk factors in our K which includes the pandemic and trade. But on the second quarter, we did put up a very strong guide, and we've been very clear that included that extra week for our 53-week fiscal year, because excluding that, it's still a very strong guide. And as we said as Gary asked at the beginning, we're over $870 million for the second quarter. As we look at December, we expect December to be down on an absolute basis, of course. But on an adjusted basis, we would expect December to be roughly flat with the September quarter. And it's a function of a few things, you've got IDP is going to be over $275 million through the back half each quarter, but it's timing of infrastructure projects. And then in mobile, we'll see this normal seasonal ramp into September, and then you'll have a normal March seasonal downtick as we have a plan now and so where December falls in that is tough to call at this point. But we think it's probably going to be roughly flat to the September quarter adjusted. As I mentioned, we expect to grow full-year. I think as folks are thinking about that, keep in mind, we've got one this extra week, I laid out the acquisition impact year-over-year on last quarter's call. So you have that, and then we've had this good start to the first half of fiscal 2021. But I think given all the uncertainty in the outlook and broader macro, I think it's prudent to call below 5% year-over-year. I talked about just kind of filling things out. We've covered gross margin, now called approximately 50% in the September quarter and then approximately 50% through the back half. And again, that's going to be, that's going to be above or below that based on the strength of the broader economy, our end-markets and the mix of the business.
Mark Murphy: Listen, we're constantly working, Chris to expand gross margins and covered at length in a previous question. It depends on how well the markets hold up of course and our ability to absorb costs of our factories and spend there. We're doing a good job of keeping CapEx down. So our footprint, we're very sensitive to that. And then it matters. Are we investing in the right technologies? We think we’re. We have the right capabilities to develop the most advanced products customers want and then do are we managing the portfolio in a way that we're winning business and the sockets we want to that are going to bring the most value to customers and hopefully with that, carry the margins.
Mark Murphy: Yes, today we've got products in the base station market that serve both the eight and 16 watt slap. So I would say, that's certainly where we've centered our focus today. And really because that's where we seen the biggest part of the market. We also are working on additional technology developments that will really help us compete more heavily in really two aspects in base station one, much higher levels of integration, which we see coming and then also to be able to get into the high power spots in macro. So we’re developing those technologies and certainly expect to play in those parts of the market as we continue to expand. Now from a power perspective, you can tell from our defense related comments over the last few quarters that we definitely have experienced in very, very high power. We started in the defense business, we've developed very high voltage and very high products, high power products for years. So we understand how to deal with the thermals, how to deal with the high current loads, those sort of things. So definitely, we will move in that space. We wanted to make sure we were focused on MIMO because we saw that as the biggest content gain in the market.
Eric Creviston: Sure, this is Eric, I'll be happy to take that. We've said previously, and it's still true today that we were seeing this $5 to $7 worth of content for any 5G phone that's holding even as you go into the mid-tier, you're coming-off a smaller base of content, obviously but the 5G adder is still roughly the same. So as a percentage it's actually quite a bit more of an increase and while you might expect that there could be less integrated, more discrete implementations to save costs, the fact is that most of the band combinations and requirements are the same. And so the fully integrated solution just offers an awful lot of value with time to market given all the complexity, and so we're seeing just a lot of design activity across the tiers. We brought out our Fusion 20 this year, absolutely industry leading best-in-class performance, highly integrated, full-band coverage, low-band, mid-high and ultra-high bands, integrated shielding, so the parts are already shielded, you put them down, you don't have any sort of issues with interference, integrated the LNAs now as well. So when you look at that capability, just a few placements have a complete 5G phone, RF section regardless of the tier is a very, very compelling offering.
Eric Creviston: Sure Bill, this is Eric again. It's actually quite broad, with our Fusion 20 portfolio, we're talking about this year, we're engaged with every single 5G baseband, our parts are universal, so they can be used with all the 5G basebands on the market today, we're engaged with every Android customer with this portfolio. In some cases, we’re doing maybe just the ultra-high band section or the high-band or low band, but in many cases, we are looking at the full solution. The very same parts are seeing design traction broadly across all 5G Android customers.
Eric Creviston: All right, sounds good. This is Eric here and yes, as you pointed out, antenna flexing is relatively new for us. It is a category that's it's really, as I just said in the previous answer becoming really critical for our customers. It comes down to really the filter R&D, and we’re really hitting our stride now in terms of the team getting out the latest technologies and band coverage, we've got very cost effective and very high performance BAW filters across every single band, even going up into higher frequencies. And so then, we developed the capability of multiplexing those into very high order. multiplexers is driven by our main path modules, and then it's a short step from there into the antenna flexing business, essentially leveraging all of that work to get the multiplexing capability, that really comes down to absolute state-of-the-art in BAW filter process technology. That's what's enabling this. And as I said, we've got a lot of experience around the antenna sections of our customers phones. So we're very well placed to help them there.
James Klein: Yes, thanks Bill. In the first quarter, we continue to have significant ramps in both 5G and in Wi-Fi 6. We supported both of these markets with a really broad set of products, including GaN power amplifiers and driver modules, integrated front-end modules, BAW filters and numerous discrete products, and we supported a broad set of customers in both of those markets. GaN power amplifiers are a great example of one of the ramps, we brought a broad set of products to the market to support 5G different frequencies, different power levels and supporting different customers. And our GaN revenue for the quarter doubled from what it was at the same time last year. Wi-Fi 6 products were also doing very well in both the retail and set top box markets and we believe a large part of that is due from work from home. So we've seen strength particularly in the high-end retail space. Defense stayed a good foundation for the business. And as we move into Q2, we'll see a similar type story, we will continue the ramp in Wi-Fi 6, defense will also pick-up quite a bit again based on some of those long-term supply agreements that Bob talked about in his earlier comments. The base station business itself will also be very strong in Q2, we will start to see that come down a bit in Q3 as we finish calendar year 2020 deployments and then we expect that to ramp back up as we move into our fiscal Q4 to support the calendar year 2021 deployments.
James Klein: Yes, it will. Thanks Harsh for the popularity. I appreciate it. As I've been saying for the better part of a year as I expected us to return to growth in about a year. And I couldn't be more proud of the broad team here of designers and sales teams, and the manufacturing folks, it really allowed us to recover the business from what was obviously a significant downturn for us about a year-ago. So we've been projecting this, I think it's fairly broad based. Massive MIMO or 5G rollouts have been a really positive for us and I talked about in the past that we see content games about 10X on a MIMO base station compared to conventional macro. Now, that uplift is because of element count and because also we now can supply the GaN power amplifiers where in the past those would have been LDMOS, so we've picked up a tremendous amount of content in 5G and that's really helped drive the growth. But we're setting records in our Wi-Fi space as well. With Wi-Fi 6 coming on board over the last couple of quarters, this was our third consecutive quarter of double-digit quarter-over-quarter growth in that part of the market. Defense is a good foundation, and we don't talk about it relatively small business but our power management business is doing very, very well exceeding our expectations and growing in strong double-digits on top of everything else. So I think we've just got a great portfolio, some great technologies and the markets have aligned fairly well for us.
James Klein: Well, I think -- this is James, the dynamic is fairly similar to what we talked about in the prior quarters. Our focus right now is just making sure that we've got best-in-class technology. And we continue to innovate and drive technology, improved performance with our GaN and then really focused on scale and driving up our manufacturing capabilities, getting our yields up. And I think we proved that in this quarter. And again, next quarter that we were able to go through a pretty aggressive ramp on these sub-5 gigahertz deployments, sub-6 gigahertz deployments. So that's been our focus, we will continue to focus that way. I think on the small signal side, we've got a great set of competitors there as well. And we're doing the same thing. We're just continuing to focus on innovation, bringing more highly integrated modules to play, bringing BAW filters as an example into our mix in the infrastructure side. So I would say competition has been fairly stable and we're just focused on being able to bring innovative new products to the market and ramp them quickly.
James Klein: Hey, so we weren't surprised to see GaN double at all. We've been planning and ramping-up for quite some time. And again, I got to go back to really congratulating our team on the work that they've done. But the direct answer to Huawei is no, we don't have a license and our deliveries to Huawei are pretty much not material at this point in time, and that's a IDP comment. We’re engaged with virtually all of the rest of the Tier-1s and Tier-2 in the space. I won't talk about what we do with any particular ones. But we do see all of those customers moving towards massive MIMO solutions. All of them are engaged in GaN. And so we’re as confident as we ever have been that the technology will continue to proliferate. And that we will see big content pickups in the space. And that that will not just be a China story, but that'll continue as 5G proliferates around the rest of the world. So this is we think a long-term trend for us over the next four or five years as the networks get deployed everywhere in the world.
James Klein: Yes, typically I don't want to break it out in great detail. But certainly base station business remains to be about a quarter or so and growing at a pretty rapid pace as we go, defense is about a quarter. Our IoT business is about a quarter and then we have various other markets that we serve, represent the rest of the business. Definitely we’re growing faster this year in the 5G space around wireless infrastructure, so that that will start to take a larger and larger part of the business as we go through the year.
James Klein: Yes, great, great question. Probably the best way to think about GaN adoption today is, one very, very broad based really across all of the customer base. All the OEMs are evaluating GaN or implementing GaN in some version or the other. What's driving big adoption today is really the 5G deployments that are using Massive MIMO antennas. So antenna element counts are significantly up. And for the first time, I think last year, we saw Massive MIMO antenna actually become a larger amount of the transceivers than macro. And the vast majority of those are using GaN today. So I think that's what's been driving the adoption is 5G in the shift to Massive MIMO. It is definitely broad based in what's going on in China. I would say most of the base stations that are getting deployed with this 5G rollout in China are using GaN, especially those that are in frequencies up around 2.6, or 3.5, which is a good share of what's getting deployed. If you go to the rest of the world again, pretty much every OEM Tier-1, Tier-2s are in progress of designing GaN solutions into their portfolio. So I do think that this trend will continue. And how many base stations are of what configuration as we go out over the next four or five years, I don't think it's completely clear. But we definitely do see GaN as a continued growth for the business. And we do see that MIMO antennas will also continue to adopt in an ever increasing rate. And I think that'll hold for the whole world.
Robert Bruggeworth: Yes, hi. So Harsh, I think first of all, we're really pleased to hit a milestone which you know has been bugging us for some time. Yes and I think if you go back couple of years, we had had a lackluster mobile handset volume period. And then we had Huawei and then we had the pandemic. And so there were just a series of headwinds that kept us from that milestone. Took us a bit longer than we thought, but we were confident, we’re going to get there. We feel that we're doing the right things. And we're going to continue doing these things, investing in the technology, managing our portfolio the right way to where we're most valued by customers, driving productivity very hard. And I've got certainly compliment Paul Fego and his team for just a tremendous job doing all the things around cycle time improvement and the wafer expansions and we shut down a facility and seamlessly and dye shrink, so I can go on and on. But we're seeing those results and the numbers, so it's real. And we're making real progress despite the headwinds we've had. So and then finally, we've reduced capital intensity. And you've seen that pretty dramatically for us. We're not constrained in growth. We've just been very selective about what we're doing and being smart about how we expand and get more out of the assets that we have. On the walk from Q1 to Q2. It's partly we still have some period costs Harsh, we still have Farmers Branch period costs and we have some idle equipment. So the higher revenue helps us in the sense of those period costs are a smaller percentage of higher revenue. So that helps us a bit on the margin, most of the rest of it is lower manufacturing costs. So my point earlier about Paul and his team, excellent spend control, this higher volume gives us better absorption and the mix is such that we have good absorption. And then finally, we had very good test shields as we look from this new forecast. Now, as we look out rest of the year, our inventories are in a really good spot. Our inventory only ticked-up a little bit, sequentially for the first quarter, and our terms are sort of historical levels, so they don't look bad. I'm never going to say we're pleased with our inventories. But they've been managed and the channel is very healthy. So that's important. So that gives us confidence that we're running the operation lean. We have a little bit of flexibility. But there's a healthy tension in our business between trying to keep costs down and trying to keep inventories low, trying to keep the fabs level loaded. I mean there's a healthy dynamic that occurs here that we think we've been playing okay. So having said all that, if the market holds up and the mix is what we think it will be then or favorable, we believe we have a high degree of confidence in 50%, approximately 50%. If the market softens in the back half or somewhat worsened than anticipated on mix, then we would be on the South side of 50. But we feel good, we're in that neighborhood and we intend to stay there and actually expand margins.
Robert Bruggeworth: Sure, we've got as you know a lot of presence there all around the antenna structures and with 5G not only because of the higher bandwidth, but also new bands, some coming in, and even higher frequencies and the implications of running in dual transmit mode where you're running on multiple bands at the same time. When you put all that together, the antenna issues that our customers are struggling which is continue to get exponentially worse every year, especially with 5G. So we're seeing just a tremendous amount of interaction. We've got absolutely the best team in the world working on these solutions. And it's not just the antenna tuning, but also just the routing around all of these advance antenna structure, so an awful lot of like multiplexing in and out what we're calling antenna flexors, there's just a lot of activity there. And of course, as you know, this is part of the industrial design. So it's not sort of part of the modem proper. It's done after the fact is they're just getting the phones to market. So it's usually on a very tight time schedule and working with some very unique expertise, we've got a great team in the field and a great team in product design bringing absolutely state-of-the-art solutions to really a very serious problem that our customers have.
Robert Bruggeworth: Hey thanks for your question. Eric, why don't you take part one? James, you can take part two and Mark, you'll take part three.
