William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the March quarter declined 15.6% sequentially to $187.9 million. As anticipated, sales to handset manufacturers in China and to a large European handset manufacturer were down more than 40% sequentially in March, offset somewhat by sales of 3G/4G components and better than seasonal performance in MPG.  3G/4G components now represent over 2/3 of CPG's revenue compared to 25% of CPG's revenue 4 quarters. In only 1 year, RFMD has transformed itself into a highly diversified 3G/4G supplier through keen focus on product and technology leadership. We should see continued improvement in this key metric as 2012 progresses.  Gross profit was $60.9 million with gross margin improving 220 basis points to 32.4%. Improved mix more than offset the impact of lower factory utilization.  Operating expenses were $63.8 million with G&A of $10.2 million, sales and marketing of $14.5 million and research and development of $39.2 million. RFMD is investing for product and technology leadership in 3G/4G, in WiFi and in a multitude of switch-based applications. We expect the payback on these increased investments to begin as early as the September quarter. Operating loss was $2.9 million. Other income was $243,000 and non-GAAP taxes were $2.8 million. Net loss for the quarter was $5.4 million or $0.02 per diluted share based on 276.3 million shares. Now going to the balance sheet. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments improved to $300.4 million. Subsequent to the March quarter, RFMD paid off the remaining $26.5 million principal balance of its 2012 convertible debt and currently has $134.9 million par value of convertible debt due April 2014. DSOs were consistent with the past 4 quarters at 49 days, and RFMD's inventory declined $17.5 million or 11.8% to $130.4 million resulting in 4 churns. Net PP&E was $197.9 million compared to $202.5 million last quarter. CapEx during the quarter was $9.6 million with depreciation of $14.5 million and intangible amortization of $4.6 million. The capital expenditures during the quarter were targeted primarily at test stations to support high-volume opportunities for switches and antenna control solutions. Production on these new testers will begin ramping this quarter. Cash flow from operations was $20.5 million and free cash flow was $10.9 million. Now the business outlook and financial targets. RFMD is wining share on multiple flagship smartphones and projects continued sequential growth in 3G/4G components during the June quarter. Among handset manufacturers headquartered in China, RFMD sees strengthening demand and projects sequential growth during the June quarter. In the market served by MPG, RFMD sees stabilizing demand and improving order visibility and expects MPG revenue in the December quarter to be approximately flat versus the March quarter.  RFMD currently believes the demand environment for its end markets supports the following financial expectations and projections for the June 2012 quarter: RFMD expects June quarter revenue to grow approximately 8% sequentially to $202 million; RFMD expects non-GAAP gross margin to improve approximately 100 to 200 basis points, driven primarily by improved mix; and RFMD expects non-GAAP EPS of breakeven to $0.02 per diluted share, reflecting increased legal fees and incremental R&D investment targeting product leadership and customer diversification.  And with that, we'll open the call up to your questions.
William A. Priddy: Yes. I think we'll probably see another quarter of some R&D growth and then probably flattening out from there. Also somewhat dependent on what legal fees will do over the next 12 to 15 months or so. But on the R&D side, I think we've got another quarter of tremendous customer pull and staffing up to meet some pretty big engagements with customers. So, probably another quarter and then flattening out from there.
William A. Priddy: I don't think we want to break it out quite in that much detail, Ittai, but I will say that we're overweight in China in terms of market share particularly as it applies to 3G. So as 3G phones continue ramping in China, we benefit disproportionately, if you will, and as we already said, our 3G revenue in China is already equivalent to our 2G revenue and still growing very rapidly. So I think suffice it to say, of that the amount, you will see 3G in China contribute to our growth nicely in the June quarter.
William A. Priddy: We can definitely construct the scenario where revenue, except revenue growth, accelerate in the September and December quarters as compared to the June quarter, hence, the significant R&D investment and the investment in test equipment to support this business.
William A. Priddy: We think the gross margin is very much a revenue base type of model. As we pointed out before, we haven't installed any [indiscernible] wafer fabs or anything like that. If anything, our overhead structure is actually a little bit leaner than been -- historical standards. So as utilization begins to pick up and also as mix improves to 3G/4G products and also to the switch-based products and we see a return to growth in MPG, I think that the wind is very much at our backs in terms of ability to expand margins, really dependent on the revenue growth. Get the revenue and the margins will follow.
William A. Priddy: Well, we have a target model of somewhere in the low 40s. But I think achieving that in the next couple of quarters might be a little bit of a stretch, but nonetheless, as revenue expands, we can continue expanding our gross margin and converging on our targets.
William A. Priddy: Yes. In terms of the contribution margin on our products, it depends a bit on mix of the products whether they're in-sourced or outsourced. I think the baseline though is going to be something around the 50% range. And you could definitely see something higher than that especially as the gallium arsenide base parts that we manufacture our own fabs are ramping as well. Regarding the tax rate, depending on the mix of where profits are recognized, you could see tax rates as low as say, the 15% maybe slightly below range up to as high as maybe 20%, somewhere in the 15% to 20% range.
William A. Priddy: Yes. There is definitely a revenue number where we can achieve 40%. I think for now though, we're going to keep our head down and execute on growing the business sequentially throughout calendar year '12 and expanding margins throughout calendar year '12 and see how quickly we can converge.
William A. Priddy: Yes. We had this broken out in multiple ways as a percent CPG revenue and as a percent of total revenue, Dale. I think in China, you also have to ask, does it include the top-tier like ZTE and Huawei as well as what we would call other China. -- Yes. China revenue in total is close to 25%, maybe a little under 25% of revenue. And when you include the top-tier manufacturers, the Huawei, ZTE and then all the other Chinese manufacturers as well.
William A. Priddy: Yes. Some of our largest customers tell us to expect a strong year in 2012, but this March quarter it's still been rather soft. We hear that there's pent up demand with carrier OpEx, although, I saw Verizon report lower CapEx in Q1 and AT&T reported today some increase in CapEx spending. So it's still a little bit of a mixed bag on what we see. But we do think there's pent-up demand in the second half of the calendar year, should bode well for wireless infrastructure. Longer term, we're really expecting that the small cell buildout starts to drive more volume, which is really good for us as there's a lot more volume and more transceivers to support when you look out into 2013 and 2014. So there's a lot of activity with many OEMs and manufacturers for a small cell infrastructure.
William A. Priddy: Yes. As far as our backlog coverage, we're about where we were at this time last quarter in terms of percentage booked. And in terms of CapEx guidance for the year, I think we're looking at something in the 4% to 5% sales range. I think you will continue to see depreciation come down in fiscal year '13 compared to fiscal year '12 because capital isn't being added as quickly as capital is rolling off. Very targeted capital expenditures as in the switch base product testers, very, very quick payback on what we're investing in.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. I think some of the pockets of strength for us, we've kind of highlighted in the comments already, but Samsung for sure has been a clear area of strength for us. We see that continuing throughout the year as we're broadly represented across their entire portfolio, all basebands and all tiers. And as Bob mentioned, we are beginning to just beginning to sell switch contents as well. They haven't even been a part of our switch store to this point, so that's expanding there as part of the overall market share gain, I think in 3G/4G. And then the entry category in particular in China we did grow nicely even in the March quarter in 3G components into the China market. And so I think that's another area that overall, we're clearly picking up share.
Steven E. Creviston: The relationship continues to grow and be very healthy and that is not only in the reference designs for China, but of course, in their main market smartphone references designs as well now engaging beyond switches including power amplifiers for current generation and very close engineering engagement for follow on platforms and new generation designs. So we expect to -- continuing to increase our exposure to that platform and grow our revenues with them throughout the year.
Steven E. Creviston: We said now that overall, the switch business is greater than the $100 million run rate per year, and antenna control solutions within that category is one of the fastest growing, certainly, throughout this year. It's emerging from a business, which really was zero for the industry last year for the most part. We believe it could be a $500 million total opportunity within 3 years, and it'll be well on its way to that by the end of this year in terms of – for the total industry, and we believe our cut of that will be significant and we certainly will be the largest in that category, clearly.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. Just to follow-up a little more detail on the PowerSmart question, expanding beyond Samsung as you mentioned, RIM is now fully in production and several other handset OEMs, but we've also began to ramp now into other applications. The Machine-To-Machine communications market, we had 2 new product ramps with 2 different suppliers for Machine-To-Machine with PowerSmart last quarter. Several Chinese manufacturers also taking into production and a lot of sampling activity across the Intel standard application module market, which could go into the many different industries, obviously, into ultra-books and so forth. So really seeing PowerSmart broaden out and diversify nicely in the quarter. Regarding the second generation ultrahigh efficiency 3G/4G power amplifiers, the second generation essentially expands the portfolio to pick up even more band coverage. We now have released products covering 10 bands of 3G/4G, and we're adding 8 more bands in the next 2 quarters. We're expanding it to all LTE bands. Everything will be covered within the next 2 quarters and increasing the efficiency in LTE data mode.
Steven E. Creviston: We certainly it to grow sequentially throughout the year, and as you know, in Barcelona we rolled out as well the LTE version of PowerSmart, which will expand that family as well, and we're in very advanced stages of product sampling and design wins with PowerSmart 4G today. We expect it to be in production by the December quarter, engaged with many baseband manufacturers, I think, as many as 6 guys now working on integration for LTE systems to launch next year. So we'll continue to see sequential growth for it, and we'll probably take it again next year to a new level.
Steven E. Creviston: First of all, the switch business is absolutely meeting expectation, so no question about that. The new testers will give us more capacity to support continued revenue growth as we have planned and also a new capability. And the switch business is becoming quite diverse, not only in terms of products and basebands that we’re aligned with but in terms of functionality. Switch modules are becoming 12 T to 14 T switches that in often cases now, we’re also including diversity mode switches in the same package. It also has multiple, maybe 4 or 5 paths of received diversity as well in the package, combining that with the other signal routing switches now adding to that, the antenna control solutions, which is a whole new category of switching that is embedded into the antenna in these phones. Those as well have a very broad diversity in terms of the functions that they play from aligning the antenna to certain frequencies to tuning the antennas real-time for better data throughput, and all of that requires new testing capability, which we've had in engineering, obviously, for a couple of years now. It’s now becoming mature enough to move into the production stage of test.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. This is Eric. We have very broad engagements and have for many years there. We are a leading supplier to Huawei and ZTE today across most of their business segments. And that applies both in 3G and CPG. And in the handset side, we're also, of course, widely represented across all the white-box manufacturers as well the reference design customers, and again, applying to all tiers. So our business in China is very broad. We have R&D. We have product development in China, in Shanghai, which we use to bring local variants to that market. That's really helped us in that area, so that's speaking for the CPG side. I think, Norm will probably want to speak to the MPG as well.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. As we've already talked about, Qualcomm is a growing part of our business, and we're very well aligned with them on new platforms. Having said that though, I think their announcement about shortages on 28-nanometer and so forth, for the most part, is planned into our customers’ plans by now. I'm sure it had effects in terms of grant timing of various platforms and so forth. We're broadly represented, of course, across many, many smartphone platforms, and believe that for most part, these constraints are already planned in.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. The China market is very exciting. There are a lot of competition and pricing pressure there for sure, but it definitely keeps us sharp, keeps our focus on cost reduction, continues to drive our technologies, which we apply across our product lines for new low-cost technologies and assembly in semiconductors and so forth. So it's a great market for us. Now we think the 3G handset market in China was roughly 20% of that market in terms of units. But as we said, we got half of our revenues from that 20%. So that indicates 2 things, one is, as we've talked about the dollar content there is definitely higher 3 to 4x higher in a 3G handset versus 2G, and our share is higher in 3G than it is in 2G today. So we're going to continue to see, as that growth of 3G accelerates, we're going to continue to see a disproportionate business. But as; we said earlier, we have no intention of exiting 2G. We have another whole new, even lower cost product family coming out next quarter -- or excuse me, during this quarter, it will be released and sampled and ramping new production middle of the year. So we're going to continue to stay in and earn our place in that market.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. It's nothing at all like 2G today, many fewer competitors and also a very different kind of go-to-market strategy for the participants there, both at the component level and at the handset level, and so it's much more like the global 3G marketplace.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. This is Eric. It's across the full -- all their tiers and segments of their portfolio and across all basebands. And in fact, when Bob mentioned in his comments about some of the platforms where we're winning the entire semiconductor content, all power suppliers for 2G, 3G and all switching, several of those are in that sort of entry or featured category, the high-volume category of Samsung's portfolio. So we're really -- Samsung is really looking to us to help simplify the front end and do more consolidation, more complete reference design of the entire RF front end content there.
Steven E. Creviston: Factor utilization did come down sequentially, and in the June quarter, we expect it to remain relatively flattish with the March quarter. Suffice it to say, we have ample capacity to significantly grow our gallium arsenide base revenue from here. And I'm not sure that disclosing an actual utilization rate would be beneficial for this call.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. LTE is a very exciting market this year. I model still show that, that market will grow from around 20 million units last year to over 100 million units this year, so tremendous growth. And we're seeing very, very high-volume handsets that are the running in the $8 worth of total RF content. In some cases, we capture majority of that. In some cases, we don't. But overall, especially on the LTE portion of these handsets, we believe we're winning more than the others are. So we think our share will be accretive there as we ramp into LTE.
Steven E. Creviston: So in production with 2 baseband suppliers to date. To be honest, I'm not even sure of the total count of end customers today as we proliferated through China and so forth, but more than 10 or 12.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. Your recollection is exactly correct. And Phenom is growing sequentially faster than PowerSmart today, and that is due probably to the larger total opportunity although it is not caught up. So we still have several quarters before it will catch PowerSmart in terms of total revenue level. We do expect that in the long-term it will surpass PowerSmart.
Steven E. Creviston: This is Eric. And as I've said, we're broadly represented against all basebands, that does include their internal baseband. As they look to LTE and of course, they're working with their current supply partners in the power suppliers they know, they're using the same solutions on their internal.
Steven E. Creviston: In many cases, it is in the exact same package, so it is a package sell. It's one place that does both, but there is also a lot of discrete implementation still out there as well, so it's a mix of both. There's no question that a key drive and trend in the industry for the smartphones is to find ways to make the design more compact while supporting even more and more bands, right? So we're seeing much higher levels of integration and especially in switches and power suppliers.
Steven E. Creviston: So in some cases, not. Where they're discretely implemented, you can still get the diversity module. In cases, where they're within one package, then they do come together as a single component, so you win both at the same time.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ed, I'll go ahead and take the largest customers. We only had one 10% customer this quarter. As I said in my comments, our largest customer was Samsung so we really had one 10% customer. I'll let Dean comment on the MPG revenue side. I think it was roughly flat and we disclose what that was.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And as far, Ed, as R&D dollars go, we've been invited to participate in some pretty nice sockets to continue our diversification with customers and baseband manufacturers so we do expect the R&D to stay at this level.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ed, I'll do my best to start answering your question, and I'll let Eric finish out. The growth that we did see in PowerSmart this last quarter was across multiple baseband manufacturers as you've suggested, but clearly, the largest one still is the Intel Mobile Communications baseband. We did continue to see growth outside our largest customer for PowerSmart so again, the diversification there continues across multiple customers and multiple basebands. Your next question I believe was on second generation Phenom and where we stand in that. And Eric, why don't you go ahead and go into some of those details.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Dean, if you don't mind, I'll go ahead and take that. Nokia was significantly less than 10% in the March quarter, Ittai. I think all the way down over the last few quarters, we've taken a conservative stance and they roughly come in line with estimates, with what we thought was going to happen with them. We expected a significant decline in the March quarter, and we saw that. As far as the June quarter, yes we're expecting another decline with them.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you for pointing that out. We believe in calendar year 2011, we were their #1 supplier and based on everything we see today in our current design wins and momentum, we expect to be #1 again in 2012.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We expect to remain a player in 2G. Clearly, there are many benefits to that, but as far as what we think the mix is going to look like, over the next few quarters, we do believe our business will go to about 75% 3G versus 2G. But we still have products scheduled to release later this year to remain competitive in the 2G market.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. I think we'll rather not talk about customers for the various reasons Dean talked about. But from a revenue growth in CPG, we're clearly expecting the growth to come from PowerSmart, Phenom and our switch-based products that we've been talking about, that being switches and some of the antenna control solutions. And all 3 of them, we expect significant growth. And then in MPG, we've talked about the 3 areas that we're looking at but clearly in WiFi, we're expecting to be able grow our business significantly this fiscal year, coupled with growth of about 50% in our gallium nitrite business as well. So that's a couple of the drivers in MPG. And the other area at MPG that we're looking at is in some of the high-frequency area that we're working on for backhaul, the chipsets that we're releasing there.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'll make a couple of comments about Samsung and Eric will add a little color. But we do not comment about our customers' sourcing strategies. So we're not going to be able to give you too much color there as far as what's going on in any of that Galaxy phones. And as you know, they caught on. They got a good name in Galaxy, and there's all different -- Galaxy this, Galaxy that. But we're well represented across the platform as we -- as their smartphones. And I think we're going to do extremely well. But to get in to say what their strategy is with any given handset, we're not going to get into that. As far as when we were worried about Samsung is when our business starts to decline with them, we think they're doing extremely well, and we're looking to grow. And when you and I did talk, we talked about when Nokia was 65%, 70% of our business, they're nowhere near that size of our current products. And what's more important, I think, Blaine, is the investments that we are making are continuing to diversify our business and continue to gain share where we're not. We spoke earlier about the work that we've been doing with Qualcomm to again, increase our exposure there and clearly, there are smartphone manufacturers that we have not reached our target share and that's also where we're investing. So I would say from that standpoint, we think the percentage will come down as we continue to execute on our customer diversification and grow our business within CPG. And then MPG returns to growth as we talked about our 3 growth drivers there being on the infrastructure side, WiFi and the GaN power business. That's what's going to drive Samsung's percentage down while we're still growing there.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As an example, the next-generation GSM PA that both Eric and I have spoke about have a reduced die size, so we'll be able to produce more parts with the same number of wafers and lower our costs. So let's just keep on that in mind as well as an example.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sure. As I said, we think about 20% of the handsets produced in China would fall in that category today, so it's running from around 150 million unit level we think growing to about 250 million units a year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as China goes, met expectations in the March quarter came in pretty much in line with what we expected. As far as going forward, driving that growth is going to be continued market share gains in 3G. We talked about 3G entry that Eric just spoke about in China. That is driving some of our growth in China and continuing to get share in our switch and signal conditioning product line. We're expecting PowerSmart and Phenom also to grow.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. In the June quarter, we are forecasting sequential growth and improved profitability supported by increasing sales of our 3G/4G components and a resumption of growth among handset manufacturers in China. Beyond June, we expect continued sequential growth and improving profitability, driven by continuing alignment with our industry-leading customers and channel partners and robust design activity related to our strategic investments for growth. Thank you, and good night.
