Bob Bruggeworth: Harsh, thank you. I think it’ll be good for both Bob and Eric to kind of comment on their businesses seasonality, it’s a little bit different themselves. Let Eric go first.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thanks, Harsh. I’ll go and take a high level and I think, Eric will get a little bit more detail. I mean, as Eric has already commented, we do believe the handset market is very healthy. It’s clear to us, it was not off but normal seasonality and as Eric commented we’ll wait until everybody else reports in. Clearly as we commented, we saw strong growth in Asia. Clearly what we’re doing with China and MediaTek. I think is a lot stronger than possibly many people realize and we’re doing quite well there. We talked a lot about Korea across all platforms whether it’s low, mid or high tier or smartphones, doing extremely well there as well. But I’ll let Eric go and give you a little more input into this, what we’re seeing from the different segments.
Bob Bruggeworth: We still said it has lags.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: You don’t (inaudible) over the last year, okay.
Bob Bruggeworth: That’s correct.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Okay. Just wanted to be sure, I understood that more different.
Bob Bruggeworth: So, in our cellular business in the front-end space. To taking transceivers out of it, looking at our core business, it’s still roughly 50-50 split.
Bob Bruggeworth: Again, they were both up sequentially in March. 3G was up more sequentially than 2Q but not enough to really change the overall split. It’s still roughly 50-50.
Bob Bruggeworth: And there is no question that the opportunity for 3G are outpacing the market in terms of unit growth on the percentage basis and also dollar content. But 3G is still huge-huge market and with switch and signaling conditioning product line coming in. that’s going to address across both primarily in the 3G side and the multimode size. So I would expect if anything the mix will grow, more towards 3G going forward.
Bob Bruggeworth: As far as, I’ll talk a little bit total company and Bob or Eric would like to join in, feel free to add. Visibility actually for last several quarters has remained pretty good for us. And most of our CPG business is on schedule shares, so we get very good visibility and on prior calls, we talked about that. We thought that improve because when customer said they were going to take a certain amount they did and that’s continued forward. We’ve had very good design wins for the second half to drive a large amount of business. So, from a visibility perspective, I’d say, it’s good what’s been from a macro picture. Bob or Eric, if you guys want to comment.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. As we demonstrated the quarter diversification plays very heavily into our improvements in gross margin. We said that the our non-Nokia business grew 17.3% sequentially and, we did see nice sequentially gross margin growth. We also said that, if you take out the impact of transceivers who are already at the 42% gross margin the company. And we’ve been indicating on previous conference calls that all of the new products that the company has been releasing for the past year have been accretive to company averages. And I think we’re beginning to see the impact of these new products on the company’s operating performance. And I guess, finally, if you look at our contribution margin on sales growth of around $10 million quarter-over-quarter, we had pushing 70% fall-through on that from a contribution margin standpoint. So those are all just data points, I think directionally of where we think a gross margin is ultimately heading RFMD.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. We believe the way the industry leading growth and profitability through investment and in particular R&D investment in the business, then we believe that we lead our peer group in research and development and we don’t see ourselves cutting back on that trend, continue to invest heavily in research and development.
Bob Bruggeworth: What we said about SmartEnergy in MPG is that, we’ve said that it’s been doubling year-over-year and we’ve also said that, we thought in FY ‘10 we would exit the year on about the $7 to $10 million run rate and that, in FY ‘11, that number could get as high as $15 million plus on a run rate basis. But we feel pretty good about the growth in SmartEnergy and that all comes to us at very accretive margins to the corporate target. So we’re very pleased with the our positioning and the ramp in that market.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thanks, Venk. I appreciate the comments, sir. As far as our utilization in our gas fabs, we ran in the low 80s. So we still have lot of capacity there and as you know, we rely on outsource to supplement our own internal assembly and so we got plenty of capacity to continue to support the growth expectations that we have and also as we continue to convert a larger percentage of our portfolio in the CPG business into our current dye shrink technology platforms, that will continue to give us capacity. I think, we’re still not understood by a lot of people that we were able to pick up the Filtronics fab in the U.K. few years ago, without bringing on the depreciation and you know, that’s a large facility that is still underutilized and that’s why we are starting to see the margin improvement and we have been talking about that for some time and now you are starting to see that.
Bob Bruggeworth: No. We don’t -- I think in Dean’s opening comments, he commented 2% to 3% of sales, up slightly from FY’10, we currently don’t see any needs for any fab capacity.
Bob Bruggeworth: You know for us when it comes to China, it is about product leadership really and breathe in the product portfolio. We talked before about our 71xx series apart, that come out, which allow our customers to do anything from dual band GPRS up to a quad band edge with one phone layout and to do that kind of scale in R&D to provide that kind of breath to portfolio, I think, that’s lending lot of accordance to the, bigger getting bigger sort of analogy, I guess. So we see a consolidation on big players in China just as every where else. I think, we’re also seeing at the grey market, it’s a lot bigger than some people have sized probably as well. There’s just a lot of opportunity out there right now for everyone.Tim Luke – Barclays Capital Incorporated: Thanks so much, guys. 
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah, just to summarize that, it is we are not expecting an overall company significant decline in revenue. I mean, Eric talked about he has lots of room to grow his market share in China. He has talked about SSPL. Bob has talked about his growth drivers in MPG.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. I will add one thing. I heard about the strength in China several comparable different analysts and different questions. But it was really strength in Asia and so there were other customers, other than Chinese customers or channel partners that we saw strength add during the quarter.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. It’s -- I think without mentioning any customer specific strength. I think we just say that in general, I think they are probably work a couple of weeks of inventory build, which previous backup to maybe normal, overall on the hand set channel and no question some customers might be ahead above there is some terms a building that inventory. But I think that’s all base into our current outlook that we are telling you now.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thank you for listening to the call today night. We believe our March results clearly demonstrate both our ability to capture profitable growth across multiple markets and the expanding earnings power in RFMD’s new operating model. RFMD is a primary beneficiary of multi-year and global growth trend and we are using our unique competitive strength to capture a growing percentage of our customers business. We anticipate continued success against our long-term diversification in margin expansion goals and we are on track to deliver revenue and earnings growth in our fiscal 2011. Thank you and good night.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. Thanks, Harsh. Referring to the cellular handset market, I guess, when it comes to seasonality, I think, we’ve been saying for a couple of quarters that, normal seasonality is a thing of the past, so to speak, 2009 clearly was a rebuilding year and now has China becomes a part of the global market, I think, we’re seeing the seasonality trends change significantly. All the numbers aren’t in for March yet, of course, but we think that the market was clearly down less than seasonal, at least and actually maybe as much as flat in March over December. So we had a – just had a great backdrop, good strong market there. So when you take that and then look into June and say, what, are it going to be up seasonal, I’m not sure what seasonal is at June, such a strong March. I think, we believe our customers are expecting now to see at least a flat June over March. But I wouldn’t expect it to be up as much as seasonally as you would see in a normal year when March is down of course over December.
Eric Creviston: I guess, yeah, when you asked about the health of the cellular market. It certainly seems quite healthy right now, as I mentioned already in the demand in the March quarter and it really is across most all segment. I think in March at least we saw that the edge is the only segment that might have been down something within typical seasonal number, although they were up less than that and excuse me, were down less than that. And TD-SCDMA for example, definitely grew quite healthy, GPRS, we think actually probably grew March over December. So we’re off to a good start across 2G and 3G and looking forward into the year, I think, it’s just going to be a very exciting year. You’ve got, if you just look at, all the announcements and all the public press out there on what’s going on with Microsoft and Google and Intel and Dell and HP, in addition to all of our standard OEM customers. You’re just seeing a tremendous amount of investment in space that’s driving very compelling new solutions and it’s driving replacement rates to go up and I think, that’s providing a great unit market this year.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. And this is Eric. I’ll take the question about the switch and signaling conditioning product line. One thing I want to clarify as well, in the March quarter, we actually grew sequentially with each of our product categories. So that was 2G power amplifiers, 3G power amplifiers and additionally switch and signal conditioning. So all three of those product segment actually grew for us sequentially in March. Switch and signaling conditioning is still relatively small part of the portfolio and we’ll remain after a couple more quarters. I think, at the end of the fiscal year, we are pretty excited about (inaudible) design win activity. So it’s going to drive growth as we go into FY ‘12.Scott Searle – Merriman Curhan Ford: Thanks. Nice quarter.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. So this will be general industry comment not just to client Nokia, but we do expect price erosion to be significantly less than normal this year for those reasons. We’re looking at a very good demand year, supply right now is on the tight side, we are managing through things. But the way it’s looking with all of the challenges in terms of meeting technical requirements and so forth we don’t see a reason why the price erosion should be significant this year.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Great. Thanks, guys.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. We are, we are currently modeling about 10 to 15% year-over-year growth in units and from certain customer forecasts and just outlook, we are going to some of the channel partners, that could definitely exceed that. I think that’s the good range for planning on it. Certainly, off, as we said it’s is off to a great start in March. So we’re ahead of the game a bit and 3G. I don’t have the broke out separately in front of me but it’s definitely more than that, of course. And I know, that smartphone growth, for example, we are expecting something in the range of 40% year-over-year growth and that’s driving a lot of confidence, of course.
Eric Creviston: Well, we were talking about the handset market, I think rather than our business specifically. If you look back historically over the last 10 years, it was up 3% to 8% and at that kind of range over March and I said, I wouldn’t expect it to be like given that March was so strong, flat, may be a couple of percentage, what we see in the market and I guess for our starting, you would assume our business to do the same.
Eric Creviston: I will help, Dean, out a little bit. I think, what we said is that it wouldn’t be down September to June or from June to September, what we said is the ramp down will begin in September. It could be flat, could be up slightly but I mean, what we’re saying is from the customer forecast we are getting today, that is when the ramp down begins.
Eric Creviston: Actually, that’s a great question, Ittai. And I think if you look at the fall through that we have demonstrated plus we have been on record to say 60%, you just take the last quarter and you add $15 million right around there, maybe a little bit more, you get to your 20%, so it’s absolutely a possibility.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. You are probably going to look at that in moreover a contribution margin error maybe but something. We are not trying to play games to give you an idea of our core business.
Eric Creviston: No. We are not currently expecting that. I think from what you are hearing from MediaTek and others in the China market, you would expect it seasonality to go counter to the western seasonality and you would expected to be down in June. And that’s what we are currently planning.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. It’s complicated by a few factors, of course overall when you look at China domestic consumption, which is very different from what our Chinese customers are looking at buying from us, because more than half of their business is now exports buy into lot of other regions. For example, American, Indian, Middle East and so you’ve got to kind of look at two separate things there. And when you look at China domestic consumption you really have to – way until we get through maybe holiday similar to [linear] last year of course after there. Something which great and we had a very strong March. But let’s see, I mean after the May day holiday, we sale through is there and it will tell us kind of how June will turn out in China.
Eric Creviston: Sure I would love to. Thanks for the question. PowerSmart is progressing extremely well and for those that haven’t seen the announcements and so forth, it is a new product category, where we have a truly converged multimode platform, where we have a RF power cord that essentially combines the power of the RF power amplifier, power management with the power amplifier itself into one integrated core which allows a lot of flexibility. And allows a lot of platform capability for the baseband manufacturers and their end customers of course. So you can build a product which can operate over many, many different modes and advance very, very simply. It safes about 35 to 40%, in terms of area, in the board and it also has performance in all modes which is best in class. So that’s why we think it is going to be very disruptive. We are making great progress as I said, we are actually ahead of our internal schedule, there in terms of R&D. The solution is now FTA capable and we are working with multiple OEMs as well as multiple baseband channel providers to make sure we ramp within this fiscal year.Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. And final question for Dean, Dean, your inventories were up very margin at this quarter. How should we think about inventories stay in the June-quarter? Thank you.
Eric Creviston: That’s actually a very good question. You are right it is a significant change in the architecture. So it is something that does require a little longer design in cycle than normal. I can tell you that maybe without identifying, exactly which or how many OEMs are working with OEMs in all three regions. So in Europe and Asia and North America there are OEMs working with this. They are all of course targeting smarphone, multi-mode, sort of application, so.  So there are in multiple OEMs very broad coverage. I think generally PowerSmart is part of our next phase of real diversification. If you think about historically we have done very well in Europe, both in terms of channel partners as well as OEMs. I think we proven now that we, we’ve been able to do well in Asia, both in terms of channel partners and in terms of OEMs there. And now we are really turning our eyes to North America and there’s clearly a lot of opportunities for us here in our own backyard and PowerSmart will be a big part of strategy here.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. Good question. I’m sorry I didn’t catch that part of the question. We are already identified. We had design winds with actual OEM handset model numbers assign to them and ramp overall. So we are forecasts from our lead customer in terms of when they intend to ramp and it is, at the end of our fiscal year let’s assume March-quarter beginning to ramp up. 
Eric Creviston: I think really the past two answers are very much in line with this question. Moving to North America is a real area of strategic focus for us here. We are aligning our product leadership goals our personnel and organization all getting lined up toward driving into North American customers. And I don’t think you will see a significant change in the June-quarter of this calendar year if that’s what you are referring to. But throughout this year, we will continue to gain design momentum. And then we will see meaningful production really, the end of this fiscal year, I think it’s more of a next fiscal year storage when you begin to see more contribution from this product segment. I should say from this customer segment. It’s not by any means limited to power smart, by the way. I didn’t mean to imply that. That’s a clear product leadership opportunity for us, but there is a very broad offering of products that we are driving into this market.
Eric Creviston: Well, it’s always possible of course. Any ramp down -- typically, the ramp downs actually happen later than everybody plans, but the forecast has remained relatively firm for a couple of quarters. So we are still expecting at the time that we will begin to see a downtick in September and fairly significant in December quarter of this year.Aalok Shah – D. A. Davidson:  Okay. Great. Thank you.
Bob Van Buskirk: Hi. This is Bob Van Buskirk. It might be helpful to kind of reset where MPG has come from regarding our growth expectation and our seasonal perspective. As we said in the prepared comments, we have grown year-over-year and just as a note that’s actually the first quarter in the fiscal year where we grew year-over-year on a quarterly basis. We also MPG had sequentially growth in each of the quarters in the fiscal year as our RFMD did in fact as a company. And that the employees our second half of our fiscal year on MPG actually grew substantially over our first half. So that would indicate that the first half of fiscal year for us, should be the lowest half of the two halves of the year, but frankly, we’re off to a pretty good start. Our bookings as we indicated have been strong, where we stand today in term of in-house orders and shipments, is actually substantially ahead of where we typically are at this point in the June quarter. So I feel like as we said, sequential growth would indicate that we’re off to a good start for fiscal year.
Bob Van Buskirk: I think that’s a reasonable target for us. We represent -- MPG represents a slightly higher percentage of the core business than we do the total company. And we have talked about that. We expect CPG to be roughly 25%, let’s say of the core in FY ‘11. So we are expecting to grow faster than CPG, but then again, that’s what we’re supposed to do.
Bob Van Buskirk: From MPG perspective, as I indicated earlier, our quarter to date orders and shipments have been very strong and we typically have turns business during the quarter. But because of our current market outlook, we’re actually assuming a lower turn revenue as a percent of our projected revenue in this quarter. So, I guess, in one case, if we were to go back historical more typical turns you could even see some upside to our outlook. But right now, we’re actually modeling pretty low percentage in terms to make that sequential growth we pointed.
Bob Van Buskirk: Yeah. This is Bob Van Buskirk to begin, I think that the full recovery of our cable amplifier business looks like it’s driving front of us. It was the market down when into the downturn first and maybe coming out last. But it does in fact, look like it’s going to be pretty strong in the June quarter. We also have what we mentioned other areas I think the whole SmartEnergy AMI will continue some strength. Our point-to-point business, it’s also going to show some strength. And overall our defense business has grown quite nicely year-over-year, we expect it to grow in June. But I would say if I had to take one end market that’s going to show the most strength especially, sequentially would be cable.
Dean Priddy: Maybe.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Come on. How many years have we been talking about this now? You go back two years now, it was six months then, too, you guys get…
Dean Priddy: No. We weren’t saying six months. Others were two years ago.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Okay.
Dean Priddy: Yes. I’m going take it. What’s driving the OpEx, some of that increase this quarter and on the prior conference calls we mentioned that we were turning back on our 401k match and also along with the returning to give our employees merit increases. So that’s some of that increase that you’re starting to see, now merits for us will be spread out throughout the fiscal year. In addition to that, yes, we are doing some selective hiring to again make investments in R&D to continue to drive our topline. But I can’t tell you the expense growth we expect to be significantly less than our revenue growth.
Dean Priddy: Yeah. We said for the past two to three quarter, it’s been between 10% and 15% of revenue and it was a little closer to the 15% range in the, in the March quarter.
Dean Priddy: I think the good news is that the growth was from a very diversified customer base and no single customer really dominated the growth profile. Within MPG, we had one customer that was 10% of revenue, just barely and in CPG, we had two customers that were 10% or greater than revenue.
Dean Priddy: Well, actually we feel like we give a great deal of assistance to our analysts and investors and putting together our model for the company both for the longer term, for the fiscal year and also for the nearer term. So, you know we were pretty specific about growth opportunities, both through June-quarter and year-over-year. We talked about margin guidance. We talked about free cash flow guidance and also revenue and EPS guidance for the entire fiscal year being up over fiscal year ‘10. So while we maybe don’t give precise ranges for revenue or precise ranges for EPS, we probably give about as much as anybody in our space in terms of qualitative guidance or outlook to help you, that helps you construct your model.
Dean Priddy: So it will be less than that as we exit the year. I don’t think we are ready to peg a specific target on that but obviously we have internal targets in terms of our diversification, I mean. We continue to set a long-term goal of staying around 50% share of Nokia. We believe we’re going to be their number one supplier. We are working very hard to continue to earn their business. So we are not trying to drive Nokia down or trying to go outside of Nokia, of course. So those are our goals, that’s going to continue and I think the first half of the question was about the second half seasonality in the handset market and as we’ve been saying traditional seasonality, I think, you can’t really rely on the old data, March-quarter seasonality, that’s really the question. I think, in terms of June over March, September, December, those were modeling as kind of typical seasonality as the question is whether March will be strong again or down 10% to 15% next year and it’s a way to really to tell that but I would say with the trends that we’re saying, China is definitely helping to mute the ups and downs and keep a lower level market in the first quarter and quarter throughout the year.Tim Luke – Barclays Capital Incorporated: If I may, it sounds like you live very well in China and with MediaTek, do you have any color you may be or possibly been taking share from as you seen growth there and what are you see as the profile of some of these players like (inaudible) in market. Thank you, so much.
Dean Priddy: I think you look, you look at it over a four quarter or so period beginning in the September quarter. So you are on the December quarter, you could see a meaningful drop in the [flourish] revenue perhaps representing about a penny in earnings per share and obviously by then we are talking about the SSPL business, contributing at least that or more in terms of the contribution and the growth in the MPG business contributing at least that or more. So, while the clearance revenue is ramping down, it doesn’t have that big of an impact on EPS or cash flow. It is just that the revenue is going to be fairly substantial over a four quarter period of time. But as you remember, we said that we would grow revenue and EPS year-over-year.
Dean Priddy: Well, I would expect that what you see a bit of an uptick in the June quarter, it very well flattens out for the rest of year. So we are looking at something around a 5% or so type year-over-year increase in operating expenses, certainly less than the type of earnings per share growth that we anticipate.
Dean Priddy: Yeah. They’re certainly accretive between the corporate average and a MPG margin. They are between the two today, closer to the MPG, sort of, structure today. I would be ramping into some very high volume platform, I think it will be close to the corporate average but definitely accretive and at the high end of what we are getting in CPG for sure.
Dean Priddy: Yeah. We don’t leave any expenses in either cost of goods sold or in the transceiver product line even though they’re really are some attributable to them because if that business were to disappear tomorrow, we don’t assume those expenses would immediately go away. So I think that’s probably where a little bit of a disconnect is.
Dean Priddy: Yeah. But again, just to be clear it’s many of our large customers and our largest one, we are in inventory hub, so at least from a component perspective, that inventory still sits on our books.
Dean Priddy: Yeah. I would expect inventories to be flattish during the June-quarter, perhaps with some slight improvement in inventory turns.Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. Thank you again.
Dean Priddy: We generally don’t break it out by region like to in the March quarter and in terms of how much it will be down in June, it is single digit percentage sequential. In line with what that market does, of course, we might do a little better than the market if the share continues the trajectory and so on but it’s single-digit kind of sequential down in June I would expect.
