Bob Bruggeworth: Thank you, Doug, and welcome everyone. On today’s call we’ll focus on RFMD’s new operating model and the enhanced financial performance we are already delivering. RFMD has achieved more than 500 basis points of gross margin expansion in three quarters and in the March quarter we’re guiding for additional margin expansion to a gross margin of 40%. This coming year we anticipate additional margin expansion, operating leverage and earnings growth as we execute on the long-term structural initiatives we’ve put in place. I’ll cover many of these initiatives and Dean will provide more color later in the call, but first let’s take a look at the December quarter. Quarterly revenue was down approximately 7% sequentially. During the quarter we saw gradual erosion in order activity and customer pulls fell short of their forecasts. The reductions in demand were primarily related to the very low end in China where RFMD has the majority share as well as progressive weakening throughout the quarter related to our two largest customers. Despite this shortfall in revenue, RFMD delivered a quarterly record in gross profit and achieved our EPS forecast of $0.13, reflecting the changes we’ve incorporated into our operating model. On the balance sheet cash flow from operations was a very strong $70 million and free cash flow was $55 million.  Looking forward, customer order activity is strengthening. We anticipate double-digit revenue growth for the next fiscal year with 40% gross margin for the entire year. Our confidence in our financial performance is tied closely to ongoing design win activity related to the industry’s marquee smartphones and tablets for which volume ramps will begin in the spring, accelerate in the September quarter and continue into the December quarter. On our quarterly conference call nine months ago we committed to 300 to 400 basis points of gross margin expansion by the end of March, 2014. In just three quarters we’ve already delivered 530 basis points of expansion and we’re not done. In March we anticipate gross margin of 40% and our internal goal is for industry leading gross margin with more predictability and less volatility in operating results. To achieve our margin targets we’ve implemented a flexible sourcing strategy that is reducing our gas and silicon costs, and we’ve added assembly capabilities that have reduced our packaging costs. We are reducing our usage of precious metals in our manufacturing processes and leveraging our new higher-unit volumes across our supply chain to reduce costs. Against this backdrop we are forecasting annual revenue growth of approximately 10% supported by multiple growth drivers. RFMD’s underlying markets continue to expand driven by global macro trends, like the internet of things which can be viewed as a massive, overarching movement comprising multiple high growth trends including embedded connectivity, connected home, automotive WiFi, and wearable technologies just to name a few. To accommodate the increasing requirements for always on broadband data, the top tiers of our market are adopting new technologies like envelope tracking, carrier aggregation], and transmit MIMO that increase our dollar content opportunities. The carriers are deploying TD LTE and LTE Advanced as well as driving more LTE content in mid-tier smartphones, while in developing geographies consumers are continuing to migrate from 2G voice phones to high dollar content 3G entry smartphones.  Setting apart the RFMD story we are also capturing incremental content in new and expanding categories like antenna control solutions, power management circuits, diversity switches and a variety of new products integrating filters and duplexes.  At a very high level, RFMD is executing on multiple opportunities to increase our dollar content generation over generation in the world’s leading smartphones and tablets while materially enhancing our operating model. In the March quarter we anticipate another quarter of margin expansion and year-over-year improvements in operating income and earnings per share. While the launch of marquee smartphones and tablets is weighted towards the back half of this calendar year our visibility in the design win activity gives us confidence in delivering double-digit revenue growth, gross margins of greater than 40%, expanding operating margin and significant EPS growth. With this RFMD expects to deliver robust growth and operating income as well as return on invested capital well above our cost of capital. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Dean.
Bob Bruggeworth: Harsh, two major points in the revenue decline. One was clearly the very low end in China, which as we roll out our new latest generation ultra-low cost CMOS PA that will have a positive impact on the margins. So we still look for that. I want to remind you as well as everybody else the 2G market is declining. It has started to decline significantly and we are expecting that to continue next year. However, as I said in my opening comments a lot of that is migrating to 3G entry.  But I also want to let you know that quite honestly at our two largest customers, they weren’t as strong as what we were expecting for the quarter quite honestly. And I think now that they’ve both reported I think some of you guys have seen it as well.
Bob Bruggeworth: Steve, this is Bob. Number one we didn’t talk much about the profile but we’re coming off a year where we’re growing significantly north of 10% year-over-year this fiscal year. And this quarter from a profile perspective, it all gets down to the timing of these key marquee phones for the most part. And I really don’t want to get into that too much more than I said in my opening comments, but you know, they kind of begin in the spring and accelerate through September, and keep ramping through December.  So how you want to model that, I wasn’t really making any comments about next March’s seasonality. You know, what is seasonality anymore? It’s seemed to vary over the last three years quite significantly, and again, it gets back to the timing of the marquee phones.
Bob Bruggeworth: And we do continue to expand our dollar content in marquee phones. So don’t take what Dean said as we’re not, it’s just I don’t know which phone you’re talking about, which customer and I don’t want to get into code. But we continue to expand our footprint within smartphones and even broader than that.
Bob Bruggeworth: I’ll take the beginning of this and I’ll let Eric talk about the applications. But from an investment perspective I’m not sure how much you understood about the prior investment but I will say in one sense we made a significant investment to secure capacity, obviously source of supply and competitive pricing. And I’ll kind of leave it at that, but Eric can talk about the applications of where we will and are already using BAW.
Bob Bruggeworth: I’ll go ahead and take that. Number one, I think today the market is continuing to expand significantly as we see again the complexity that Eric just talked about being launched into more phones. And today we would still say we’re the majority of the share – not all. We’ve been pretty open about that but clearly we have the largest share and continue to invest in next process nodes and technologies to continue to drive performance. That’s one of the differentiators out there. Second is with some of these complex systems having very close and intimate relationships with those customers so that we can design and optimize for their handsets. So right now number one and we plan to stay number one and continue to invest in the technologies to maintain that position. That’s just on some of the antenna control solutions. When we look at switches I think it’s a surprise to many of you, if you open up the phones they’re not usually identified in teardown reports the number of switches that are being used in these complex phones, and you know, doing a lot of the routing and various routing to different antennas and things like that. So switches ultimately continues to be a place where we have significantly improved are market share and are probably getting close to number one.
Bob Bruggeworth: Well, I appreciate you saying it’s a high bar. We look at a lot of the growth out there, and I think whenever you look at some of the products that we’re offering that also include the filtering you may be underestimating the amount of filter growth that’s required in a lot of these phones as they bring them out. I think you also can see that each generation of smartphone continues to expand in the amount of RF dollars available to us. I’m not disagreeing with your comment that the number of handsets is slowing down but the RF dollars that are going into them continue to increase. LTE is also moving down into the mid-tier which again is a lot of volume, so it’s not always just the high-end phones. We also just talked about LTE growing in some of the other connected devices such as tablets. So we’re seeing a lot of growth in other areas that maybe aren’t just the top guys. Another reason for growth for us is just we already have a decent amount of volume with some of these players and quite honestly when you look at our year-over-year growth it will continue to be pretty significant because we didn’t have a lot of content in prior generations.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah, today that business as I said is declining. Part of that also is the market is declining significantly and 2G only is migrating to 3G entry. That is a market we really like and like the margins. On the 3G entry market as Dean said we’re early on, only about the second inning in transitioning our gas PAs as well as some of our silicon PAs to ultra-low cost silicon PAs, and we like that margin structure as well. So there’s two things actually going on there – one is the decline in the market; the other is transitioning of products from some of our gas and older silicon PAs to our ultra-low cost CMOS PAs. So it’s not something we’re running away from.JoAnne Feeney – ABR Investment Strategy: Right. And then during this transition from the gas to the higher-margin CMOS PAs, there have been some concerns that you might be losing share in that CMOS PA business to one of your Asia competitors. I’m wondering if you’ve seen a drop off in those sales that you expect to recover from as the transition progresses or if it’s just the total market that’s down.
Bob Bruggeworth: Number one, a lot of the filters that we buy are not sold as discrete filters so they’re actually designed to be incorporated into our packaging technology. So from a margin structure, in many cases to us it looks just like we’re buying a semiconductor, whether it’s silicon or gas, from an outside supplier and packaging it. So margin structure should be company average or better, or slightly worse depending on how good we are at designing out the cost to meet our customers’ applications.JoAnne Feeney – ABR Investment Strategy: Okay, thanks.
Bob Bruggeworth: The quarter from a linearity perspective was fairly linear. So Cody, it just didn’t quite materialize as we expected. Typically as we’ve said before, things increase throughout the quarter and quite honestly they didn’t – if anything they actually softened throughout the quarter. So I think that’s about as best I can give you from what transpired in the quarter.
Bob Bruggeworth: It’s 80/20 now, and we’re expecting 2G again, just from an inventory perspective, to continue to decline. My comment was a lot of the 3G entry phones still use a GS MTA, but 2G only handsets continue to decline.
Bob Bruggeworth: Hi Blayne. What we talked about earlier was in MPG’s growth and I’ll let Norm repeat what he said; and Eric, if you would pick up on what’s driving your growth as well.
Bob Bruggeworth: So number one, Blayne, we made a multi-million dollar investment to secure capacity which is what we talked about. And as far as driving revenues obviously we expect to get a good return on that investment. So we haven’t sized any revenues so I’m not sure.
Bob Bruggeworth: This is a separate investment in BAW filter technology. The first one was in SAW filter technology so they’re separate investments.
Bob Bruggeworth: Just to be clear we’ve talked about it’s not growing, to your point, all throughout the year. Earlier in the year we talked a lot about we were down year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter in that business.
Bob Bruggeworth: Since a large majority of our semiconductor content is silicon I would say the majority of it is outsourced. And on the backend we do a little bit of that, not a large percentage.
Bob Bruggeworth: I’ll come at it from a different point, Harsh. We’re confident that we will continue to gain share at the key customers, both our two key customers. It’s our expectation to go and continue to grow our shares across their portfolios. 
Bob Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us tonight. RFMD is expanding our content generation over generation in our customers’ devices while at the same time materially enhancing our operating model. In the March quarter we expect continued margin expansion and year-over-year improvements in operating income and earnings per share. This coming fiscal year we expect approximately 10% revenue growth, additional margin expansion and significant growth in operating income supporting return on invested capital well above our cost of capital. Thank you again and good night.
Dean Priddy: Thanks Bob, and good afternoon everyone. Revenue for the December quarter decreased 7.1% sequentially and increased 6.4% year-over-year to $288.5 million. CPG revenue was $238.7 million, down 6.6% sequentially and up 7.2% year-over-year. MPG revenue was $49.8 million, down 9.8% sequentially and up 2.6% year-over-year. During the quarter we had two 10% customers and saw significant growth at our new largest customer. Gross margin was 39.7% and gross profit was a quarterly record of $114.6 million. Three years ago on our quarterly earnings call in April we highlighted our plan to expand RFMD’s gross margins by 300 to 400 basis points by the March F2014 quarter. One quarter ahead of schedule we’ve already delivered 530 basis points of margin improvement. This is the direct result of our intense focus on cost reduction and our ongoing efforts in support of multiple gross margin expansion initiatives. These are structural changes in various stages of implementation that target fixed and variable costs. They will impact margins favorably in the March quarter and beyond and our longer term goal is industry-leading gross margins. Let’s look at how we’ll achieve that. First, RFMD’s flexible sourcing strategy is providing multiple points of benefit. Over the past few years we have reduced our manufacturing footprint and our fixed asset base significantly. We sold our MBE facility and our gallium arsenide fab in the UK and we’ve expanded our external sources of supply. We’re better able to balance internal and external resources with fluctuations in demand, and this supports a more predictable margin profile. The combined capabilities of our gas fab and our external foundries satisfy the full breadth of our customers’ performance, size, and cost requirements. Second, we have installed and qualified additional assembly capacity in our Beijing facility. We’re seeing a margin lift today as we reduce our reliance on external suppliers, and we’ll get an additional lift as our internal assets are fully loaded.  Third, we’re seeing continued adoption of our ultra-low cost CMOS power amplifiers in next-generation handset platforms for emerging markets. We’ve seen an initial lift in margin as many smaller customers have migrated and we anticipate further margin expansion as our largest customer for CMOS PAs migrates to our ultra-low cost product. We also anticipate a benefit as we commence shipments to an additional tier one customer. As part from these margin improvement goals that is much further than these three items our organization has identified over 75 initiatives to continue improving gross margin, and we are executing on these initiatives today. We believe these initiatives will support sustainable and more predictable operating results. Returning to the P&L, operating expenses were $74.6 million compared to $75.1 million last quarter with G&A of $10.7 million, sales and marketing of $15.9 million and research and development of $48.0 million. Operating income for the December quarter was $40 million representing approximately 13.9% of sales. Other income was $300,000 and non-GAAP taxes were approximately $3.9 million. Net income for the quarter was $36.4 million or $0.13 per diluted share based on 287.9 million shares. Now moving to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled approximately $205.5 million. Cash flow from operations was $70.4 million and free cash flow was $54.8 million. DSOs were 45.3 days and RFMD’s inventory balance declined by $8 million, resulting in turns of 5.3. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 200,000 shares of stock at an average price of $4.99. Net PP&E was $200.7 million and capital expenditures during the quarter were $15.6 million with depreciation of $11.1 million and intangible amortization of $7.2 million. Capital expenditures included investments in assembly and equipment to reduce precious metals usage. Also, RFMD made a [multi-million] dollar investment to secure BAW filter capacity and now has secured access to SAW, temp comp SAW and BAW filter capacity from multiple sources. Now for the financial outlook and business commentary. RFMD expects quarterly revenue of approximately $250 million to $260 million. RFMD expects non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 40%. RFMD expects a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 10% to 15% and RFMD expects non-GAAP EPS of approximately $0.09 to $0.10. Some additional color on our March quarterly outlook: we expect MPG to grow sequentially in the March quarter and in CPG, we’re forecasting growth at one top-tier customer and many mid-tier customers and across our China-base entry-tier customers. In fact, if not for a substantial sequential decline at one large customer we believe RFMD’s revenue would be growing sequentially. And with that we’ll open up the call to your questions. Thank you. 
Dean Priddy: Yeah, we’re not only confident in revenue growth for F2015, we’re very confident in margin expansion. We go back to last quarter’s conference call; we mentioned that we felt that our margin expansion initiatives weren’t nearly as tied to revenue as in the past years – and more specifically said they really weren’t tied to revenue.  The three big initiatives were not revenue-based and we’re in varying stages of recognizing the full benefit of those. The fab, yeah, we’ve recognized that full benefit but the ultra-low cost CMOS PAs, we’re definitely still in those lower innings of the ballgame in terms of that ramp. And in terms of the assembly capacity in Beijing, yeah, it’s had a positive impact this quarter but we still have quite a bit of capacity there that we’ll be utilizing as we transition from external sources into our internal supply.  And this coupled with the 75 or so odd other projects that we’re working on, and all the work that we’ve done on modeling should cost analysis, best of breed benchmarking, zero based analysis, (inaudible) time analysis, total cost of ownership – I mean we’ve focused the organization on improving gross margin. And we’re getting that margin today and we expect to get that margin next year, something with a 4 in front of it; and we don’t intend to stop until we reach industry-leading gross margin.
Dean Priddy: Yeah, if you remember last quarter we said that we would grow our margins in this, the December quarter which we obviously did with over 300 basis points of improvement. We also said that we would grow our margins up in what would be a seasonally down quarter so we’re still guiding to that to get to 40% gross margin. We said that we would at some point during the year, during one quarter achieve 40% gross margin last quarter. This quarter we’re changing that and we’re saying that we can achieve 40% gross margin for the entire year. So could it be higher than that? Obviously it could be we are committing to full year 40% gross margin. 
Dean Priddy: Yeah, one thing that we do know is that we’re going to be very well represented in the marquee phones from what we know today. So we do have the growth drivers in place and obviously a lot of it will depend on how well these phones do in the marketplace.
Dean Priddy: I don’t think we’re going to comment on individual phone’s dollar content at this point, whether it increases or not; however we do know that we’re very well positioned to grow our revenues as the phones launch and ramp production. So we’re not going to say anything specific about any particular phones at this point but we do feel confident in the revenue growth profile.
Dean Priddy: Given our design visibility today we would expect to gain dollar content and share.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Okay, thanks guys.
Dean Priddy: Yeah, we can see the contribution margin somewhere north of 50% or so on improvements in revenue. And in terms of expenses we stated we’re going to be managing to a financial model, which our longer-term model is 20% of sales. I think you’re going to see a significant closure from where we are today to that closer to 20% of sales by the end of our calendar year or the end of our fiscal year, either one. So very tight expense control, flat to perhaps down.
Dean Priddy: And most marquee smartphones also have a standalone CGTA, so that’s not something that’s gone away either. We don’t include that in that category.
Dean Priddy: You know, we would have had what I think would have been a breakout quarter from an earnings standpoint with revenue at the high end of our range. While we’re not happy with the revenue we are very happy that we were able to control the things that we could control and deliver on the EPS number. So when the revenue comes back it’s going to have a significant impact on our financial model in a positive direction.
Eric Creviston: Thanks, Mike. Yes, we’re of course ramping in production and shipping high volume of the power amplifiers for envelope tracking, both multi-mode, multi-band power amplifiers as well as various individual bands’ envelope tracking power amplifiers that go on the Qualcomm-referenced design. And in addition to that we are in production now with our own power management IC, our own envelope tracker if you will. So that is in production now. It’s I think relatively low volume certainly compared to the Qualcomm volumes these days but we see it picking up significantly through this calendar year.
Eric Creviston: The majority of the opportunity is in selling the rest of the referenced design. It’s not just power amplifiers but the opportunity to have switching – there’s very advanced switch modules for carrier aggregation and so forth there; and also tuning in the platform. It’s a nice revenue opportunity. It’s certainly a nice margin opportunity in the tracker itself.
Eric Creviston: Sure, in cellular of course one of the main drivers that we see in the year is going to be LTE adoption across multiple tiers. There’s several drivers I guess I could highlight. First off, the LTE handsets driving from regional LTE to more of a global LTE footprint, so they’re usable in more regions – so that’s driving higher band counts of LTE and it’s in many different systems.  And then of course TD LTE – that’s really just emerging going from just a few units last year to somewhere well north of 50 million units this year. And this quarter I can tell you we’re seeing dramatic design and production ramp activity for TD LTE handsets for many of our customers in China. So we expect that to be a real exciting environment that’s going to drive growth as well. And then as carrier aggregation rolls out that definitely drives more content, more advanced switching which we’re very much in the heart of. It’s one of our major growth drivers throughout the year, supporting switch content and tuning for carrier aggregation systems in LTE.
Eric Creviston: Yes, we certainly are. I think it’s not been as rapid as at least I would have thought. I personally use a cellular-enabled tablet, I don’t know how other people live without it. But I think if people really learn the LTE throughput rates and what you can do, and how it compares to having to log onto a WiFi network every single time I think the adoption will go much, much higher. It’s still roughly 25% penetration of cellular into the tablets; WiFi of course is everywhere and that’ll stay that way. But we do see it increasing in the future significantly.
Eric Creviston: This is Eric. I would say yes we are but I’d also remind you it’s not about the filter technology by itself. We won’t be selling filters alone so it’s about how we combine at a system level. And we have clear leadership in the performance characteristics of several switches and power amplifiers for example, but also the system architecture – bringing filters together in different ways if you will to satisfy the end customer’s needs.Vivek Arya – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, that makes sense. Thank you so much, I appreciate it.
Eric Creviston: Yeah, so 2G is now under 20% of CPG revenues.Quinn Bolton – Needham & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
Eric Creviston: And I think we’re even modeling a further decline in March in that 2G segment. I think we commented that overall we expect to grow in China in March.
Eric Creviston: Again, I think in terms of the weakness that we saw it was primarily involved in the product transition that we saw. So we basically end of life’d our gallium arsenide legacy products as we encouraged the market to transfer to our new product portfolio and that transition happened slower than we expected. So it’s not about pricing for sure; it’s more about units and in particular the transition of our product portfolio.
Eric Creviston: And for CPG we talked about really LTE driving a lot of growth for us during the year, both in the high tier with global LTE handsets with higher band counts; also TD LTE really entering multiple tiers in China and a dramatic year-over-year growth there with a lot of our content; and carrier aggregation as well driving us forward. And across products it’s multi-mode, multi-band power amplifiers that have also advanced, switches and antenna control components.
Eric Creviston: Yeah, we’re seeing if I could a very aggressive ramp in the TD LTE business in particular which is offsetting the decline in 2G primarily.
Eric Creviston: On the CPG side we’re of course engaged with many of our customers, especially the larger ones that drive a lot of volume over multiple cycles. So we have some fairly good visibility. Certainly I can’t say that all the design wins are locked in for the second half of our fiscal year. We do know the basic architectures and which products we’ll be selling and so forth. The final design list has not been placed yet but we’ve got a fair amount of confidence in our second half.
Eric Creviston: So we have a broad portfolio of silicon technology as I mentioned earlier, and for the 3G entry market we are today shipping silicon-based power amplifiers for sure.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research: Okay, excellent. Thanks guys.
Norm Hilgendorf: Sure, thanks Cody. A couple other things that we see as key drivers in MPG outside of WiFi is we see wireless infrastructure is actually strong right now. We see a real big uptick in China LTE builds, so the cellular base station requirements for LTE are driving some strong building right now and we’re pedaling as fast as possible to keep up right now. So wireless infrastructure is going well right now. We’re also seeing continued good uptake in our new high-powered gallium nitride based products. For the nine month year-to-date we’re up in the 35% to 40% range over last year when we look at our RTN based products shipments across all sectors and types. So we see that continuing to grow into next year. And so those are probably the biggest runners that we’ve got for MPG.
Norm Hilgendorf: Sure. So yeah, Blayne, in short growth that we’re hitting in MPG – WiFi, we’re getting a strong uptake in both mobile and CPG WiFi applications. So that’s cellular, tablet, access points, routers and set top boxes – it really runs the gamut there for WiFi with some strong new design traction there. In other categories as I mentioned a few minutes ago, gallium nitride based products – we’re seeing a good growth in that category as well, running 35% to 40% over last year. And wireless infrastructure is strong on the back of the China LTE build-outs. 
Norm Hilgendorf: Sure, relative to our typical run rates in wireless infrastructure I’d say on a quarterly basis it’s having an impact in the order of 10% to 15% higher than our recent run rates for that category.
Norm Hilgendorf: Yeah, sure. For MPG overall the WiFi business today is running around a third of the total MPG business. And as far as the split between mobile and the CPD category it’s roughly 50/50 today. It bounces around from one quarter to the next and the mix can swing – sometimes one quarter the cellular in mobile has a higher share and CPD less. This last quarter CPD was actually a higher share than the mobile sector. So it’s roughly 50/50 on average I would say.
Norm Hilgendorf: Sure. When we talk about internet of things and merging all these different appliances, you also get into advanced meters for industrial meters like water and electrical meters; we’re seeing a variety of standards emerge. You’ll see ZigBee’s used where lower power is applicable, is good enough, but as you’ve probably experienced in your own home higher power gives you better range and better connections. So we’re often seeing WiFi used even in low data rate applications just because it’s so effective and prevalent and has good range. So we’re seeing WiFi being tested in a number of these different applications. TVs in particular, we’re seeing a good uptake in that area and a very rapid uptake in that area. And we’re just starting to see it I think in other appliances, and I think it’s going to be some time before we see what really emerges as the preferred approach. It’s going to vary by application. Automotive is another category where we’re seeing very good uptake in activity and design for the internet of things and the expanding WiFi. We’re seeing WiFi as really the key platform for automotive connectivity.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays: Hey, good afternoon guys and I apologize if this was answered earlier, but on the full-year outlook if you could just talk about what the primary drivers are. I think you were focusing on filters but then there was discussion about BAW. I just wanted to make sure I understood here what you’re actually communicating. Clearly you like your design wins but if you can talk about what products are really driving the uptick.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays: Is this incremental to the one you’ve already talked about? I just apologize, I was on a couple calls.
Blayne Curtis – Barclays: I got you. And then just finally for Eric, China up in Q1. Do you expect the market to be up in Q1 and you know, or is that more content and the shortfall that you saw in Q4, is that continuing and you’re just able to offset that with some of the tailwinds from either units or content? Just any color there, thanks.
