Bob Bruggeworth: Thanks, Gary. That's a good question. I'll go ahead and let Eric address that. Thank you for your compliments.
Bob Bruggeworth: Karl, this is Bob. I'll do my best to answer your question because as usual, it's not as simple as what many people from externally believe when you're working in the business. Number one, yes, there is tightness in the supply chain. I think it's quite well-known in the industry that silicon is constrained, whether that's in the communications industry or automotive. So in many ways, that is a governor on what's going on in this situation. We've been very fortunate that our team has excellent relationships and agreements with our suppliers externally and feel pretty good about how we've done that. And I'm quite confident we left some revenue on the -- out there for us still to get. But Mark mentioned in his opening comments that we've been getting long-term agreements with our customers, so that they feel pretty confident in their demand. And when we do our market model, which Mark also talked about, and we feel we have a pretty good handle on the market based on our comments all the way through last year, that many people believed that it was not going to be turning out the way we projected in just the number of 5G handsets. So when we look at our market models, the orders we already have, the migration, as you've already commented on 5G more than doubling, looking in at Wi-Fi, looking at Wi-Fi 6, pod in every room, going from two streams to three streams, that being 2.45 for communicating to the client and then for the backhaul using a third stream, which adds a lot of content, if it's eight channels feeding it back to the main access point. So when we integrate all this and look at our customer orders, we feel pretty good about the commitments they're making to us. And I want to remind everyone, the sudden change at Huawei, who was not using best-in-class components. As you guys remember, we talked a lot about how that they've started to -- and rightfully so, because of the U.S. government tried to use local sources. While the people that are picking up their share are using best-in-class components, which is what we said Huawei would have done if it was available to them. So when we look at everything that's going on, as Mark said, we feel good. We can already comment on June, which he did. So I think as we lay out the year, we'll see how sell-throughs is in Chinese New Year and all those conditions in a pandemic and the vaccination, but we feel good about what we're communicating today, very good about it.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. Thanks, Harsh. I mean, typical seasonality, as you know, is the IDP business roughly flat. That's roughly what we guided. The mobile business seasonally down. We're not going to break it out in geographies or customers. But, obviously, our mobile business is not going to be off as much as normal. I think we do know the timing of marquee phones just maybe shifted a little bit from prior years, and then layering on top of that, the China business is doing well. And like we said in our comments already answering questions, we'll see how Chinese New Year goes. But that's the way I'd like to answer that.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us this evening. Qorvo will be presenting at multiple investor conferences in the coming weeks and we invite everyone to listen in. Thanks again, and have a good night.
Eric Creviston: Sure, yes. As Mark had said in his opening comments, Qorvo was built for 5G. I think the complexity of the RF front-end and the new handsets is driving a need for integration, which just naturally drives towards our strengths, given that we have all the leading technologies in-house. And I think the team has done a really good job of bringing the right technologies to maturity in time and then integrating very well and building the right relationships with all of our customers to help them achieve their goals with what they're trying to do with their products as well. So it's coming together really well. We've got the tailwinds of the content growth. And it's not, by any means, over. As you know, we're in the very early innings. And we've got new generations of virtually all of our technologies coming out throughout this year to get even stronger as we enter next year.
Eric Creviston: This is Eric. I'll be happy to take that. We're thrilled so far with the integration of the team and the response from customers as well. It's playing out, at least as good, or better than we had hoped. They're the pioneers of the technology and just a fantastic organization for design and development. We're bringing the scale and the customer relationships to really take it to the top tier. So we've got -- and then of course, the acquisition of 7Hugs to give the entire software stack has been a huge addition as well that's helping us. So, all that's working really well. We're continuing to invest and hire more and critical resources that are enablers to cover all the opportunities. But one of the things that has happened since we closed the acquisition nearly a year ago now, is just much more interaction with the mobile handset providers. Of course, that's the channel that we bring. Everyone is looking to put this UWB into the next generations of handsets, so we're seeing the uptake we're expecting. And then a lot of people are lining up with devices that are going to talk to those handsets as well, right? So a lot of consumer electronics, smart home and so forth devices that we're talking to. And then the base of the revenue today is industrial IoT basically, and that's continuing to grow and perform at least as well as what we had expected. And then we'll have auto coming in on top of all of that, so we're engaged as well with all the leading auto manufacturers. So it's a lot. We've got a lot going on, but the design activity, the reception is strong and really, I think, adding the software stack to the equation just really takes it to another level in terms of what we're going to be able to do for the industry.
Eric Creviston: Right, right. Yes. As you pointed, the March seasonality clearly is muted from normal. And to Bob's point, it's really going to depend upon supply in the near term, not just our own, through our supply chain network but the rest of the bill of material that our customers have to get. So it's really going to be sort of a demand -- or excuse me, a supply limited climate, at least for the next few quarters. And then once things are fully opened up again, we're extremely bullish about the opportunity, of course, for 5G to take off. And so, that's why we still think even in the worst case, we'll see 5G double this year.
Eric Creviston: Okay. This is Eric. I'll go first. And we're actually in production already with both of the categories. You mentioned antennaplexers with multiple customers, and we expect, of course, that portfolio to continue to grow out. And we've got multiple generations of BAW in process right now to continue driving those over the next couple of years. And then the -- as you called it, TX DRX, it's what we call the dual connect modules. And we've referenced dual connect modules in some of our discussions. There's a marquee crane handset that's launched recently. You'll find we're providing the dual connect module capability there. So to your point, that's really exciting because it gets us into that diversity path, which typically has been RX-only. It's typically been SAW filters and heavily competitive. We've -- with this year, looking at multiple TX channels that warrants, you're looking at BAW filter content and the higher frequency range. So it's a really interesting new category that's emerging and we're happy to be leading off with it.
Eric Creviston: Yes. So Harsh, this is Eric. In fact, primarily, we are shipping these into 5G phones today. As 4G became more complex over the past couple of years, the move towards integration began to take off. And then when 5G emerged, there really was no looking back for our customers that are bringing out new high-performance handsets. So a lot of the main path, including ultra-high band, the low-band and the mid-high band, we're selling fully integrated modules, in many cases, all of them into the same handset to support the 5G ramps right now.
Eric Creviston: Yes. So in terms of 4G to 5G transition, no real change in the outlook. As Mark said, I think, or Bob at the beginning, we said across tiers anywhere from $5 to $7 worth of additional content when you pick a 4G phone and then make it 5G-capable. We think that's holding out this year as well. And so, the main difference is, you'll have another 250 million handsets or so layered on to the TAM versus what we had this year. But no change in the actual 5G adder that we're forecasting.
Eric Creviston: Right, right. So when we look at just the coming year, if you will, it's going to be highly leveraged towards BAW-based products. In particular, our R&D team is bringing us a fresh technology on a regular cadence now, we're taking that into highly differentiated discretes as we talked about with antennaplexers but then also those can help make multiplexers as well that sell not only in discrete but enable these highly integrated modules. So we're going to be focusing on places where we can take that BAW technology and leverage it into larger modules to a large extent. And then continuing to really leverage our franchise around the antenna, we are clear leaders at helping our customers manage their antenna networks, whether it's tuning or we've got impedance tuning, we have aperture tuning. We have the antennaplexing that we've talked about. And it's getting to be more and more of a problem for our customers as new GPS bands and new bands are added in C-band and CBRS spectrum and so forth. So there's a lot of work around that antenna, and we've got a lot of very unique capability to bring technology but also modeling and app support there. So these are large opportunities for us in the near-term, really leveraged on the complexity of 5G and our basket of technologies, which is broad and unequaled in a lot of ways. The UWB, we look at, is more of a driver in the next two years to three years, really, where it begins to get to the scale because we're starting very, very low now, of course, as an industry, and just beginning to take off. But no question in our mind, that's going to be a large driver. If you look out two to three years from now, it's going to be a big part of our business.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Gary. We've, obviously, incurred some additional costs. There are some inefficiencies as everyone is experiencing. But as you know, everyone is also benefiting from less travel, which can be material. So a lot of it washes out. I think as we look forward and as we've talked about over the years, we're going to continue to work to get the best operating leverage we can. And we're running at about 20% of sales OpEx for a year. We would expect next year to be at that -- those levels and maybe slightly below. We're never going to be the lowest OpEx company in the space because as you heard, we're -- the DNA of this company is innovation, so we're going to likely be several points higher than what I would call best-in-class as it relates to just costs. So I think that's what you can look forward to as we go forward on an annual basis.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Craig, maybe I'll start. We've got very -- as I mentioned, very firm demand signals. Pricing is a bit firmer than normal as a result. And we see -- out to the June quarter, I'd say, we're pretty confident. And we'll see how demand shakes out post Chinese New Year. But demand signals are strong and the channel's very healthy. And as you can see, our inventory levels are very good. We spend a lot of time -- fortunately for us, we've got a very broad customer base. So -- and given our position in the market, so we see the space across customers and products and -- have very good visibility. So it explains why very early last year, we called 250 million 5G handsets and that's about where the number ended up. Further, we not only use our rigorous internal assessments, but we use external views to balance that and we make the best call we can. We were about 3% off on this particular quarter, but we're generally close. And so, we feel good about the guide we have in the March quarter, 10.40. And then we would think that we'd be somewhere near 1 billion if markets hold up in the June quarter.
Mark Murphy: Yes. So Karl, this is Mark. The outlook is basically on top of what I talked about last quarter. So we've become pretty good at being able to forecast where we're going to be. Now, I think we got to acknowledge that we missed by quite a margin this December quarter. So I think you need to understand that in order to understand the March quarter. So the March quarter really isn't a surprise where it's landing. It's more of the December quarter was much stronger than we expected. And we're really pleased about the December quarter. I want that to be clear. We've talked about our approach over the years and what we're striving to do about investing in technology, actively working the portfolio, driving productivity, exercising capital discipline. And the December quarter shows what's possible with the business. And it's years of hard work. It's just excellent execution by the team. And it's those things intersecting with favorable market conditions. So just about a lot went right in the December quarter and the result is that 54.4%. So volumes were stronger and more importantly, stronger than we expected and the outlook stayed strong, so that helps us sustain loadings and the associated fixed cost absorption. Spend control remains excellent, which is especially noteworthy, given the tough operating environment that our operations team has to work with. I mentioned earlier, the pricing environment is a bit, I guess, more favorable than normal. The market's tight. We're doing the best we can to serve customers and the time that they're expecting us to get them product. And then mix, we continue to move towards integrated modules and that's helping us greatly. And our particular advantage in mid, high-band and BAW-related integrated products is pulling in some other integrated modules into wins. So we're benefiting greatly there. And then we've got, of course, other highly differentiated products that are helping. And then there are another -- a number of other favorable items in the quarter, favorable yields. We had lower inventory charges than we expected and a number of other items. Again, generally, things went the right way. As we look forward to the March quarter, we do expect gross margin to drop to about where I said. We guided to 50.5% to 51% today. That's up 100 basis points year-over-year, which is what we've been striving to do is show margin expansion, but we're down sequentially due to a number of factors. We're trying to keep inventories low, so that will keep a check on absorption. We're ramping some lower margin products, so currently we're just still working down the cost curve on those. They're important longer term. But that -- some of those products are coming into the March quarter, and then that actually continues on into the June quarter. And there are some other mix dynamics as well, including some less defense in the March quarter and some other things. And then we just can't assume that all these other things go our way as they did in the December quarter. We had -- the pricing environment may probably turn to a more normal state. The inventories write-offs will probably be more normal and we've assumed that. So we feel good about the -- about what we did, comfortable with the guide we have and I'll leave it at that.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Toshi. It's this time of year, because we're a March fiscal, we sort of get these calendar 2021 or calendar year fiscal -- next fiscal year question, so I appreciate that. And as you say, it's a bit early, so we expect to provide more details on our next earnings call, when we'll wrap up fiscal 2021 and start fiscal 2022. But maybe before I get into gross margin or margins overall, maybe just talk a little bit about fiscal 2022. As we sit here today, for the most part, demand's firm, as Bob and Eric have talked about. Our business is broad and you see that reflected in the December results, March quarter guide. And then we all know that the markets that we serve, 5G, Wi-Fi, defense, IoT, other markets, we obviously expect those to grow multi-year. We believe that Qorvo's technology and products and our ongoing customer engagement positions us really well in those markets. So we've talked about feeling very comfortable about the June quarter, as Eric just mentioned, kind of more of a supply constraint situation than demand constraints we see at this point. We're reasonably confident for a near $1 billion quarter. And again, we'll see what happens on the other side of Lunar New Year end keep watching the channels but keeping an eye on it. On the rest of the P&L, as you can imagine, while the rest of the year and certainly, the rest of the P&L, it's just a lot more difficult to give anything. We're in our planning cycle now. There's just a number of factors. What happens to the outlook, the effect on loadings and absorption, mix effects in the business yields, inventory, so forth. And then just on the OpEx side, investments we want to make in the future. So any number of factors are going to impact the results and we just need to finish the planning. We've given a March guide and we've given a June revenue guide or revenue indication, supply constrained. I think on the June quarter, we actually see margins going down a bit. We actually see the June quarter gross margin below 50%. We see operating margin below 30%. And again, that's price, mix, cost factors. But I would say for the year, we still expect, clearly, operating margins to be above 30%. We cleared that this year. We're committed to continue to work to expand operating margins. And I think we'll say that for this call and provide more detail on the next call.
Toshiya Hari: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the strong results and the strong outlook.
Toshiya Hari: Yes. Maybe first one for Eric. And I guess, Bob, you sort of kind of addressed this in your response to the prior question. But just curious, how are you guys thinking about seasonality in your mobile business? It's clearly a very odd year with supply constraints and new products being introduced later than usual and other moving parts. But to the extent you can comment, how are you thinking about -- I mean, March, obviously, you're thinking better than seasonal for your mobile business, but what about June and potentially September? And then I got a quick follow-up.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you. And then as my follow-up on gross margins, Mark, great job in December. To your point, you've got multiple moving parts, and I guess, margins can be very lumpy on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But when you think about calendar 2021 in its entirety or maybe fiscal 2022, I realize it's kind of early, but how are you thinking about gross margins? It’s pretty clear that structurally and through cycle, you're doing a lot better. But can we sort of extrapolate the trajectory that you've been on? Or are you sort of approaching peak-ish kind of levels as it relates to gross margins? Thank you.
James Klein: Yes, this is James. Our base station business is on a pace to set all-time record for fiscal revenue for the year. So we'll be up about 60% full year over full year with the guide that we provided today. It was driven mainly by strength in deployments in Asia and the adoption of massive MIMO antennas where GaN has been selected many, many times over LDMOS. And, of course, we've been able to support many of the major frequency bands that have been rolled out in China. Looking ahead, I think you're pretty close. Deployments will slow during the first half of the calendar year, and then we expect those to start to accelerate in the second half. And additionally, with the C-band auctions nearly complete in the U.S., we do expect deployments to start later in the year, and we do expect those to include both massive MIMO antennas and GaN power amplifiers. And then, obviously, we're in the early stages of 5G deployment, and we expect those deployments to continue both in China and around the world as we go through the next several years.
James Klein: Yes. Thanks for the question, Raji. We -- this is James. We're definitely engaged across really all of the major OEMs and what most would consider even Tier 2 OEMs with GaN programs and being incorporated into both macro and massive MIMO antennas. And we've got production shipments that have occurred into numerous of those OEMs. So I would say adoption is pretty broad across the industry. And we're obviously very bullish about our technology. We've got a tremendous amount of products. I think last time I counted, we have over 200 products that are released in our GaN technology, covering a broad range of frequencies and markets and everything like that. We've been in GaN for well over 20 years and continue to focus on developing the technology and bringing new capabilities in and really focused on scale and cost. So I'm certainly very confident about where we stand with the technology and excited about all the markets that are adopting it going forward. So I think, long term, it's going to continue to be a great thing for IDP and for the company.
James Klein: Yes. Thanks, Bill. As far as current quarter we're in, a lot of strengths going to the quarter. Certainly, as Bob talked about, defense will be off a bit. But our Wi-Fi business is growing very nicely. Our Power Management business is also growing very nicely. And several of the other markets like our broadband business as well. So quite a few of the underlying markets driving the business. And if you kind of look history for the first three months of the year compared to those same three months of last year, we're up almost 47%, I think. And almost all of those underlying businesses are up double-digits. So we've got a lot of strengths. We ebb and flow a bit as we go for quarters -- through each quarter. But I would say, pretty significant strength in our Wi-Fi business as Wi-Fi 6 continues to roll out. As far as long-term, I'm still very confident of the underlying trends in the business, and we'll have some unevenness as we go quarter-to-quarter. But the things like the adoption of GaN and the proliferation of massive MIMO, the rollout of 5G and Wi-Fi 6, all those are great trends that I think will continue to allow the business to grow.
