Mark Murphy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Qorvo's revenue for the fiscal year 2022 first quarter was $1.110 billion, $30 million above the midpoint of our guidance and $323 million or 41% higher than last year. Mobile products revenue of $836 million was up 79% year-over-year on the growth of higher content 5G smartphones. Infrastructure and Defense Products revenue of $274 million was down year-over-year due to especially strong infrastructure demand during the June 2020 quarter, but the segment was up sequentially as Wi-Fi and programmable power management growth continued and infrastructure growth resumed. Non-GAAP gross margin was 52.5% and above our guidance on more favorable mix and pricing, improved manufacturing yields and lower inventory charges. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the first quarter were $216 million or 19.4% of sales and in line with expectations. Sequential and year-over-year increases in OpEx were driven by technology and product development expenses associated with key organic growth programs and recent acquisitions. Non-GAAP operating income in the June quarter was $367 million and 33.1% of sales. This was the third consecutive quarter of operating margin over 33%. Non-GAAP net income in the first quarter was $323 million, and diluted earnings per share of $2.83 was $0.38 above the midpoint of our guidance. Cash flow from operations in the first quarter was over $341 million and CapEx was $65 million, consistent with the level of spend we've discussed previously to support our outlook. Free cash flow was $276 million, and we repurchased $300 million of shares. The first quarter share repurchase was the largest dollar amount since an ASR in the March quarter of 2016. Since the company's formation and through the June quarter, we have repurchased $3.7 billion of shares at an average price of approximately $71. On the balance sheet, cash decreased to $1.2 billion, following the close of our next input acquisition and the share repurchases. That remained unchanged at approximately $1.7 billion. Our leverage remains low. Our revolver is untapped, and we have no material near-term maturities. Yesterday, Fitch initiated a credit rate out in Qorvo at BBB+. This, along with S&P's upgrade of Qorvo to investment grade in April, highlights the quality of Qorvo's business, the strength and durability of our cash flows and the financial discipline we've maintained. Now turning to the current quarter outlook. We expect revenue between $1.235 billion and $1.265 billion; non-GAAP gross margin between 52% and 52.5%; non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.24 at the midpoint of guidance. Our September quarter revenue outlook reflects sustained and broad-based customer demand, driven by multiyear technology upgrade cycles. Qorvo revenue of $1.250 billion at the midpoint is up 13% sequentially, 18% year-over-year and approximately 27% year-over-year adjusting for last year's 14-week quarter. As a reminder, our fiscal year 2021 was a 53-week fiscal year, and the September quarter last year was a 14-week quarter versus this fiscal year's more typical 13-week quarter. We forecast mobile revenue in the current quarter to be approximately $985 million at the midpoint or up 31% year-over-year and 18% sequentially. In IDP, we project revenue to decline slightly to approximately $265 million in the current quarter on defense program timing and continued supply constraints. We expect IDP sequential and year-over-year growth to return in the December quarter. Our September quarter gross margin guide of 52.25% at the midpoint is 55 basis points higher than last year's second quarter and reflects our ongoing portfolio management and sustained strong operating performance. In the second half of the fiscal year, we currently expect gross margins to remain around 52%, resulting in full year gross margin above 52%. Non-GAAP operating expenses are projected to increase in the September quarter to approximately $233 million on added labor and other development expenses associated with recent acquisitions and key growth programs. At the midpoint of our September quarter guidance, operating margin is forecasted to remain over 33% for the fourth consecutive quarter. We now project our current quarter and full year non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 9%. Capital expenditures are projected to increase to around $75 million in the September quarter as we work to intersect demand and support long-term supply agreements with multiple customers. We are off to a strong start in fiscal 2022, and we are well-positioned to continue delivering premium technology to an expanding set of customers in 5G, Wi-Fi, IoT, defense, power management and other growth markets. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Blayne, you pointed that one of the issues is the -- we're delivering these sort of margins with a weak infrastructure business in IDP. So I think that speaks to the quality of the rest of the business. Yes, the June quarter, another strong beat and things are just going really well. I would say that a combination of the environment we're in, which makes -- can be challenging in the forecast, but also just our improvements are outrunning even our own high expectations. So we're doing -- the org is operating very well and we're in the right places and that's paying off. As it relates to the June beat, we did have the higher volumes, and that was favorable, it skewed favorable on the mix, those higher volumes relative to the guide. We're still supply constrained. So that allows us some tactical opportunities, either to types of products and price. And then, again, we're just operating exceptionally well. The product test yields are better than expected. Manufacturing costs are in control. We've got good utilization. So the fixed cost absorption is predictable or better than expected. And then we had other inventory charges, which were lower than expected. So again, really pleased with the quarter. Now we are guiding down a bit. We're still going to be up 55 basis points year-over-year. Some of that is -- we just believe that some of the price effects will begin to moderate a bit. The inventory charges we expect to be a bit more normal. But I think it's hugely important to keep in mind that we're stabilizing around 52%. And structurally, this is a better business than it was years ago. And that's -- so it's sustainable. It's been driven by a number of efforts on dimensions we've laid out before. We are definitively a leader across a number of technologies, have very broad portfolio, gives us flexibility in the products and the opportunities we pursue. We've actively managed the portfolio. We pick the right products. We've got broad customer exposure and pick the place where they're going to evaluate the most. You've always done a terrific job on productivity and the culture has matured here around cost savings and just getting more done with less and getting it done more efficiently, which benefits customers and all, and those are ongoing. And it's allowing us to manage risk better, which I think has proven in this last 1.5 years. And that we're being very disciplined about our capital spend as we are picking up spend, but it's to serve what we believe is a very clear and compelling outlook.
Mark Murphy: And maybe I'll just add to Bob's comments, Vivek, on maybe to give a little sense of the profile. As Bob said, we see revenue now between 15% and 20% versus around 15%. If we look at the year, we look at second to third quarter as being flattish, maybe down if the macro situation erodes. But right now, we're not seeing that. We're still in a supply constrained environment. We do, as I mentioned, see IDP growth resuming in the third quarter sequentially. But the business will still be less than $300 million in the December quarter. That would imply then that mobile is down a little bit sequentially. And the fourth quarter is just too early at this point to really call definitively. We think that IDP will be over $300 million in the fourth quarter, so continuing to grow through the year and then mobile be down a bit seasonally. We do, just our gross margins to be clear, see those leveling out around 52% in the back half for a total year of a little over 52%.
Mark Murphy: I think, it starts with we're operating better and better matching what we're building to customer demand. And, yes, the tightness in the market can help clarify that. But I think we've just, over the years, they've gotten better operationally, and that's helping us. We've seen our inventory charges sort of trending down. And I'd say, at this point, yes, we just probably need to do a better job of building it into forecast and that it's a more durable level, which we're, of course, happy about.
Mark Murphy: I think you've got it directionally correct, Ed. I mean we've got, of course, some highly differentiated discrete parts. But a big move here for us is the move to integrated modules, more sophisticated modules and then just our operational performance and driving cost out, better utilizing our factories, getting FX cost absorption, spends in control. And then just having a good road map to drive cost down and pick the right places to compete. So it's a collective effort, right? It takes early R&D many years ahead of time and having an advantage in design and good portfolio management. And then at the end of the day, we got to be able to produce things efficiently and everyone is doing a great job across the board, and you're seeing the results.
Mark Murphy: Chris, I'd say that our plans are, we're going to operate as we have been, and we've been a pretty balanced company around deploying capital. We're thrilled with the June quarter the start to the year, $276 million of free cash, and we actually deployed $467 million. So, I'd say, very strong deployment out of the gate. If you look at last 12 months, we generated $1.2 billion of free cash. We deployed about 80% of that, of which three-quarters of that was on repurchase. Now, keep in mind, beginning of the year last year was everyone was hunker down at COVID, so I think 80% is pretty good, all things considered. And then the last eight quarters, we've generated $2 billion of free cash. We've actually deployed $2.1 billion, and 60% of that was repurchased, about 40% -- while 40% was acquisitions. Now, we just got out of the quarter where we -- the ninth quarter was active semi. So if you included that, we actually had deployment of about 50% acquisition, 50% repurchase. So I think we're going to -- the whole management team is focused on long-term free cash flow generation. So we believe we're going to continue to grow free cash flow. We think we will this year. Our priorities, organic investment, continue to have a technology lead. We've got build the capacity we need for the markets that we feel confident about. And then, we look at inorganic opportunities where it makes sense. And we've been fairly active. Of the $1.2 billion that we spent on acquisitions in the last nine quarters, we're really excited about the markets that we have exposure to. We think that we've brought on over $4 billion of TAM with that, that's conservative, and that's excluding Bio. And then several years out, we would see the TAM being north of $10 billion for what we bought. And again, that's excluding Bio, which is an exciting completely new market for Qorvo. So I think we'll continue to look at things that make sense for Qorvo on markets, customers, technology differentiation, financials, of course, and then as we know, culture matters.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Tim, I alluded to this earlier. We admittedly haven't been great at forecasting. Fortunately, it ended up on the right side. And we -- I think, that I certainly would not add 200 basis points. You can't do that, because we're trying to obviously refine things. I would say that, yes, this has been a very difficult period, this past year, a year-and-a-half to forecast. And the market's tightened up quickly. And of course, there's a lot of operational considerations. So I think you've got to factor some of that in that, that it's been difficult to forecast. You tend to in periods like this be a bit more conservative or more cognizant of the risks, I should say. But the other thing is we're just -- the improvements that we're making, we had great expectations and we're doing even better. And it's just embroiling us to do more of the same. Our operating leverage, which is one of your points, does slip as we look out to the December quarter and March quarter. But you've also got to consider that, that's on very difficult comps the prior year. And at the time, when we were putting up those numbers, we said that it really showcases what the business could do, but we guided down. So -- and we did come down some, as you know, as you see here. But again, I'll repeat something I said earlier. I think it's important to keep in mind that we've stabilized around 52% and that the business is structurally better than it was.
Mark Murphy: Yeah, Tim, it's Mark. I think as you go out, we're in the September quarter, trying to give you guys a sense of the profile. It's -- I think we have a decent view on December. As you know, it starts to -- it's a ways out. There aren't many companies, if any, guiding out in March. I'm trying to give you just a sense of things. On the supply constraints, we are clearly supply constrained at the moment, and it gives us confidence in the near to medium-term demand. And we feel confident in the long-term demand just given our market position. Now there are some green shoots around the, sort of, pricing has moderated a little bit, a few less expedites. We see some channel, it's lean to the point of unhealthy, and we see a little bit of that recovering. So I think those are signs, early signs that the industry will work through this.  And at this point, I think it's prudent just to – we've given you the best view we can.
Mark Murphy: I think we've talked about this for years and going back to the Investor Days. And it sounds repetitive at this point, but, I mean, it starts with both the companies that came together were technology leaders in their own right on some different products and created an enterprise that was going to be a leader as 5G hit. And it took a few years to get legs under the org. But that technology advantage and this wide suite of technologies to serve customers' problems is foundational to the rest of it. And we continue to maintain that lead. And then that gives us the opportunity to make good calls on where to play, where to compete, where the customers are going to value us most. So we've been very active in portfolio management. Yeah, we've driven productivity, and we've talked about that over the years, the wafer size expansion, the die shrinks, the myriad of other productivity programs, not only in the factories, but in R&D and other areas. And then, we've been very mindful about capital spend. Our CapEx as a percent of sales was almost 20% at one point. We've driven that down to mid-single digits, expect it to stay around there. And hence, the -- as 5G hit our factories of have gotten loaded, we're getting great fixed cost absorption costs are in control. And then we've got this great pipeline of products that Eric's talked about and James. So it's all those things, taking all the people in the company. And that's allowed us as, I think, structurally higher gross margin.
Mark Murphy: It's still very constructive environment. And, yeah, the market is still tight. I was just saying on a relative basis, it's less tight than it was a couple of quarters ago. And, yeah, it's still a very constructive environment. I mean we're still -- Eric and James and talk -- and Bob can talk about long-term agreements with customers, and that's still going on. I was just making a relative comment, Ambrish.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. We're -- we've been performing really well in inventories, and we're near -- working capital overall were near historic lows. And then on inventory itself, we've -- we're still close to four turns. We went down a little bit, as you mentioned. But it's in part to support seasonal ramp or primarily to support seasonal ramp. I mean, we're basically -- as we make it, we ship it.
Mark Murphy: I think you're referring to Farmers Branch. And, yeah, that is one of the aspects of trying to grow capital efficiently, and we would expect to utilize that facility next fiscal year.
Eric Creviston: Sure. Yes. We're continuing to see really strong design activity for our highly integrated full main path solution. We introduced Fusion21 more capability, more band coverage and more MIMO support in particular. We’ve entered diversity market, as you saw in our strategic highlights. And really, a lot of the activity in next-generation 5G phones is around antenna management. So that part of our business, which has been strong for some time, continues to see a lot of design interest and customers asking us to even step up and take maybe a larger role in terms of determining the antenna control, the interfaces, the tuning and the antenna flexing and so forth in and out of the antenna. So really, as you're looking to build the next generation of 5G handsets, we're just real pleased with the way our portfolio is lining up to the key challenges that our customers are having.
Eric Creviston: Sure. Vivek, this is Eric. Yes, so we're very pleased with our business in China and working with the major OEMs there, to continue to help them build out their 5G portfolio. And as you pointed out, their market is not just China domestic, but also, to a large extent, international shipments now in exports. So they've got a broad and growing portfolio of really leading-edge technology handsets and doing very well in Europe, for example, and other places. So it's a vibrant design opportunity for us, using leading-edge technologies, continuing to stick with the road map around highly integrated products that we're supporting and very much adopting our antenna control solutions and so forth. So the environment for design, in terms of relationships and so forth is fantastic. The product portfolio turns over fairly often, which gives lots of opportunities for new functions and new integration levels and features and so forth, which is always great for us. So in terms of recent slowness in the sell-through, you see some noise in the data. It's still great sell-through. The 5G phones are on track this year. The vast majority of what we're shipping to our Chinese customers today is 5G components and, of course, the sell-in into China domestic as well as vastly 5G already. But even for the export market, they're transitioning rapidly to 5G. So it's a great opportunity for Qorvo going very well.
Eric Creviston: Well, I guess, we -- first of all, to differentiate our business in China with our Chinese handset OEMs is not, as we said, by any means, entirely China domestic consumption, of course, right? I think roughly half their volumes are now being exported around the world and selling into high, mid and even ultra-high tier phones across many countries today. So I think that the biggest thing that's changed me over the five or six-year period you're referring to is how much like their phones are becoming like the true flagships of the world, implementing the latest features and sometimes ahead of the bigger guys, if you will because they're fast, they've got a portfolio that turns over, they're shipping all over the world. So adopting our new highly integrated things like 5G DRx modules like the dual connect modules and a lot of what we're doing in the antenna systems, I mean that's -- they're early movers in that new technology. And I think that's -- again, we're very, very pleased to be working with these guys.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. So this is Eric. Yeah, we're not commenting formally on 2022 yet. At this level, once we get through, we'll be at still under half of the handsets of the shipping or smartphones that are shipping will be 5G. We did say that we think 5G will be up to 80% by 2025. So you can maybe connect out there and make an estimate.
Eric Creviston: Yeah, yeah, it continues. And some of the -- what our advanced features this year drop down into the other tiers as you go forward, right? So you're getting a lift not only on the, say, 250 million a year of additional phones, but also the other 5G phones that are shipping are also having higher content. So that helps to support the overall TAM growth.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sure, Vivek. Thank you for the question. Actually, I think it was Mark that gave it, but I'll go ahead and give you my answer for the year. Last quarter, when we gave you the year, we were giving you guys an idea that we thought we could grow about 15%. And I think now it's safe to say, we're going to grow well north of 15%, but probably less than 20%. So I'd put it in that range now, Vivek, and really pleased with how the mobile business is running, how the team is going on. Mark mentioned that supply constraints, the team is managing the complexity of the business with the constraints that are out there that all of you know about. But clearly, we're not demand constrained. It's on the supply side, Vivek. So obviously, if we can continue to do an extremely good job. We'll keep you updated.
Bob Bruggeworth: No, I -- actually, Gary, I would say our gross margin guide is up for the year. So, yeah, the profile may be a little bit different. Yeah, we exceeded in the second quarter, but I wouldn't read into that, yeah. And then on the -- we guide with what we believe is our best read on the demand and any of these isolated supply chain constraints and we get the best view we can. And I can't add any more than that.
Bob Bruggeworth: Chris, this is Bob. Thanks for the question. Like I said earlier, the team has worked extremely hard to manage through all this complexity and to forecast what's unknowable at this time would be quite challenging. And I'm pretty pleased with how the team has been running the operations and chasing demand and product mix and James and Eric -- James and Mark both talked about put our customers and matching things up and everything like that. So I think there's been a lot of smart people out there that have forecasted this thing that's going to go on for years, some say quarters. And I think it's not in our place to forecast this. What I can tell you is today, we are clearly capacity constrained on demand. James pointed out, we're adding capacity. Our suppliers are adding capacity. And we'll have to see how some of these great products that we support in both IDP and mobile continue to sell. Mark also commented about the global situation and what's going on and how the world recovers. And as it spikes with what's dealing with the virus, we've got to factor all those things in. And for me to sit here and give you a specific date, I think, would not be smart on our part. But what I do feel good about is the progress we are making and the demand just continues to grow. And I think that's what's important.
Bob Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us tonight. We look forward to speaking with you again at upcoming investor conferences. Thanks again, and have a good night.
