Dave Fullwood: Yes. This is Dave. I’ll answer that one. So first, we’re not going to comment on the iOS side of the inventories. And Grant already mentioned the Android. I think when we look at the overall channel inventories and when we refer to channel inventories, we’re talking about all of our components that are out, whether they’re in our distributors or at the end customers. And so, on balance, overall, it’s down about 20% across the entire business, not just within the Android ecosystem. If you look just within our distribution channel, it’s down about a third in the December quarter. But as Grant mentioned, we still have a ways to go in there. So we expect to continue reducing that across this quarter and then into the early part of FY24.
Dave Fullwood: Yes. So, as Bob mentioned in his remarks as well, we’re seeing really nice content growth in the premium tier. So, we’re well represented there. And of course, we’ve always been well represented in the mass tier year as well, 5G. And so there’s still a lot of room to go in terms of conversion to 5G. So the rate and pace of that may not be as quickly as we would have liked, but it’s still a lot in front of us. So we expect to see that mass here still moving to 5G over time.
Dave Fullwood: Yes. And while the architectures are similar, especially that particular customer that you mentioned, they’re still very demanding from a performance standpoint. So they have their requirements and you have to meet their requirements to win that business. So, we’re very focused on that. We work very closely with them on the advanced architectures years in advance to meet their needs. So, I wouldn’t think of it necessarily as a standard product. It’s still very demanding sockets.
Dave Fullwood: Well, we’re talking about total smartphone inventories, but even some of the other markets that we mentioned earlier in one of the previous questions. We see elevated inventories, not just in smartphones, we see it in a lot of the other markets as well.
Dave Fullwood: It all depends on how well the phone sell-through in the end market. Like I said, January -- early indications in January or it’s improving. If that continues through February, March and into calendar Q2, then, of course, our inventory is going to be burned off much more quickly. But we’re not forecasting that. We want to see that sustained before we get too excited about that.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sure. Toshiya, thanks for the question. I’ll touch on margins here, and I’ll try to cover all of it, both in Q3 and then looking beyond that into fiscal ‘24. For fiscal ‘23, the primary driver of gross margin continued to be under utilization and inventory-related charges. In Q3, it accounted for about 920 basis points of headwind or in that neighborhood, and it’s expected to remain there in the March quarter, hence the flat gross margin guidance. Inflation across direct costs were approximately 80 basis points in Q3 and again, expected to remain there in Q4. As we stated earlier, in Q3, there was a supplier quality issue representing approximately 30 basis points of headwind in our Q3 period. So kind of walking through that pareto, you can see the dominant factor is clearly underutilization. To your question about getting back to 50%, it’s unlikely in fiscal ‘24, although it depends on your view of the macro economy and a number of other variables. However, underutilization creates a lingering impact due to timing. And so, as volumes fall, those inventory balances will reflect higher per unit costs. And simply put fewer units moving through a fixed cost factory collect more cost per unit. So, we saw this heading into the December quarter, and it will carry forward into fiscal ‘24. The rate at which that high-cost inventory flows through the P&L will obviously depend on variables like our future utilization or product mix including a ramp of revenue over the course of fiscal ‘24, but -- although the precise timing is uncertain, the reduction in channel inventories is very encouraging, and it’s a necessary first step. If I do look out over the course of fiscal ‘24, I could see potentially that 920 basis points of margin get cut in half, again, subject to your view of the revenue trajectory throughout the year.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sure. So, let me start with our view of the segments in the March quarter. If we go back to kind of comparing our current March guide to our thoughts last November, there’s a bit of variance in HPA and CSG. Instead of flattish, there will be rather modest declines there in dollar terms for our guide. Biggest driver, of course, is ACG. If you consider the size of our largest customer relative to ACG revenues in December and that customer, excuse me, is seasonally down in March and June, it’s a sizable headwind, and that really dictates the path of our top line. In terms of our China-based smartphone OEM revenue, it came in largely in line, just a bit above 10%.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sure. Let’s -- if I decompose it, I’ll start and I’ll let Dave tackle the different tiers of handset models. In terms of revenue, as we look forward into the guide, we would expect our China-based smartphone OEMs in dollar terms to be roughly flat but overall, our Android revenue to be up. And then as we look maybe deeper into fiscal ‘24, without going into too much detail or attempting to guide at this point given the overwhelming impact of macroeconomic factors, I can shape it a bit for you and provide some of the drivers. In terms of revenue beyond the March quarter, we would expect June to be roughly flattish. It could be a bit higher, a bit lower depending on your view of the economy or China’s reopening. We don’t have terribly ambitious expectations for the reopening at this point. We’re playing a bit conservative with our view. From there, I would expect September to see significant sequential growth and then December and the March 2024 quarters to be back to strong annual growth from there. Dave, I don’t know if you mind commenting on the tiers.
Bob Bruggeworth: Hi Ed, thanks for the question. As far as the Chinese competitors, they’ve always been there. We’ve always seen them. I think what is overriding everything is the highly integrated modules that require premium filter performance, particularly for those that are being exported as well as for -- within the China consumer market. So, we still feel very good about our position there with our integrated modules, whether it’s ultra high-band. What we’re doing, obviously, with mid-high as well as the work that we’ve done, improved significantly the performance and cost in our SAW filters for low pads. So we feel real good about how that’s positioned. And from a pricing perspective, we haven’t seen significant changes there, Ed. I think there are some areas we’re actually raising prices. In some areas, yes, there’s a little bit of competition, but we always have that. So, we haven’t really seen a change in the market.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. Thanks, Ed. I’ll take the MEMS and let Dave speak a little bit more about your comments about the standard products that we’ve been selling that are highly integrated -- integrating in all the filters. As far as MEMs goes, we’re still very early on in that, Ed. As far as the RF MEMs go, as you know, we’ve been working on that through the acquisition of Cavendish Kinetics and really just beginning to roll that out. And yes, they are paying for that. We don’t expect that to go broadly and replace all of our antenna tuners. It gets you a DB or so. And people that are willing to pay for it will pay for that. That technology is -- costs a little bit more per function. But you get -- you pick up a significant improvement in the performance. And then second, we’re also -- our pressure sensor MEMs, we’re doing extremely well there. I commented in my opening comments about being in over 25 different vehicles. So people are starting to implement and track pads across -- all of the major OEMs are now looking at it, we’re engaged with them. We’re just seeing that proliferate in the watches and various other devices. So, it’s very early on also in its life cycle. So, we feel real good about that. And I’ll let Dave speak a little bit about your question about some of the Korean manufacturers and what we’re seeing there.
Bob Bruggeworth: Part of the questions we can’t answer, but I will tell you that the -- it is both content and share gains at our largest customers -- our largest two customers.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. And I think that’s pretty well known. We’ve seen inventory build up there, and that’s certainly been impactful to our infrastructure business. And it will take some time, we think, for that to bleed off throughout the year. So, it’s probably similar, but may even take longer than what we’ll see in mobile.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sure. So, we don’t guide specifically to the balance sheet or cash flow, but I’ll try to give a little bit of color on the drivers. So, having now collected on sales in prior quarters, our cash flow will likely start to follow the path of the P&L, obviously. As we look forward, we still expect to generate free cash flow, and CapEx should be in the 5% to 7% range of sales, representing discipline there and some reduced CapEx intensity as we move forward, having invested in our facilities over the prior years, and looking forward, will be largely capacity driven as we see demand and obviously, improvements in our performance and technology required. But generally speaking, I’d be looking for the cash flow to follow P&L.
Bob Bruggeworth: Fiscal ‘24. It’s a little early to comment on that. Certainly, from a year-over-year standpoint, the comps are relatively easy and it’s with a high degree of confidence, we believe we’ll be able to grow. The degree to which would determine whether it was sequential or not, I think it’s a bit premature to comment on. Overall, we still are encouraged by fiscal ‘24 and believe that it will be above fiscal ‘23.
Bob Bruggeworth: I think, generally speaking, if I look back over the productivity gains that we’ve made over multiple years, we’re still seeing those in our margins today, even though the volumes aren’t in the factories. 900-plus basis points of headwind from underutilization is significant. I don’t want to understate that. But in terms of productivity and the work that our operational teams have done is really speaking to the strength of those gains and our ability to hold margins at 40%.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thanks, Joe. And actually, with some of the capacity freeing up, we’re not seeing the increases that I know we saw some of that earlier last year, last calendar year, earlier in the year, so we’re not seeing it. In some cases, to your point, we have been able to pass that on to our customers. And again, as we’ve always said, pricing set by the competition, if we all raise prices, we all get an increase; we all don’t, we don’t get an increase. So we’ve been able to pass some of that along. But as Grant pointed out, the inflation is impacting us in our COGS, about 80 bps. So we’re not able to pass it all along, but there’s other inflation in there, not just foundry parts.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. We haven’t given that information. What I can tell you is we’re very pleased with the acquisition. And I think when we -- I know when we file our Q, you’ll see why I say that. But it’s been a tremendous acquisition. But I’m sorry, we haven’t sized it. It’s probably bigger than what most people think. It’s smaller than what some other people think. But we haven’t given any of that revenue out yet, but we’re very pleased with it. It’s profitable and it’s doing a fine job.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes. I think that’s a great question, Ambrish. The issue always is when you look at your days of inventory in the channel, you have to understand what’s the sell-out. And so far, and I think I said this last quarter as well, when we work with our customers and we go through all the math, they reduce their production, we reduce ours. And unfortunately, their sell-out has been lower. So, you have to look at it. Now again, Dave’s mentioned a couple of times on the call, the first three weeks so far in January, at least we can speak to the data that we get, and I think all of you get, the actual sell-out is up, and that’s a good sign. But we’re not going to get into the game of naming numbers like this because it all depends on the future output of what they sell out. So, we’ve got a little ways to go. That’s why I think we’re being careful on our comments around June, but we feel very good about September. So, we roughly think it’s in that time frame.
Bob Bruggeworth: Well, we’ve got different parts of the business. In the Wi-Fi area, it’s going to follow because we’re in a lot of the Android phones with our Wi-Fi products, it will follow more of what I said for the handsets. Then Wi-Fi that’s in some of the retail and some of the industrial applications, things like that, that may take a little bit longer. We don’t always get a good read there. It’s a smaller part of our market, not as much data is published. But I think on the infrastructure side, what Dave talked about, that is going to take a little bit longer. The area of our power management that goes into the SSDs, and that’s a call on the PC market. So, you guys follow that. We’ll see how that goes. So it’s going to be all different ones. But the major part of our business is the handsets, as you know. And I think we’re giving you as much color as we can as we project forward.
Bob Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us on today’s call. We look forward to speaking with you at upcoming investor events this quarter. Thanks again. Hope you have a good night. Thank you.
Grant Brown: Yes. No change to our view. As you’ll remember, we restructured the agreement last quarter to better align our view of demand with supply and are working with that partner on an ongoing basis.
Grant Brown: Hey Vivek. Thanks. This is Grant. I’ll take your question. Yes, you’ve got it in terms of gross margin, and the answer on inventory is rather simple, right? As that inventory begins to get sold and flow through cost of goods sold, it will drag with it those higher costs per unit associated with underutilization. So, I would expect the inventories to trend down over time, subject to normal seasonal ramps at large customers where we do have to build inventory in advance of those sales. So over time, it will come down, again, offset by some of those growth-oriented builds that we do at seasonal periods of the year.
Grant Brown: Yes. They’re not necessarily sequential. They can happen simultaneously depending on the level of demand. Although you’re correct, I think the first stage of that would be a reduction in the channel inventories, increase in order activity from our customers pulling through our inventory, along with, as I said, the offset and builds for large customer ramps, but they’re happening somewhat simultaneously, not perfectly sequentially.
Grant Brown: Sure. So, our largest customer is a significant portion of ACG revenues, usually representing about two-thirds of that business, if not more, in certain periods. And then, our second largest customer, we haven’t commented on, but it generally hovers around that 10% mark. And certainly, with some of the growth we expect there could be more.
Grant Brown: Sure. Let me talk to that. I think just at the highest level, there isn’t a BAW placement that we can’t fully support at any customer. Our Richardson facility is really the key takeaway there. We’ve driven some significant gains for the reasons I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks. But the productivity gains, the overall die shrinks, the move from 6 to 8 inches, and then, of course, the successive generations of BAW filters that we’re running through that factory lend themselves to a significant increase in capacity. So, as we look at Farmers Branch, the need for that, I guess, over time has been somewhat of a safety valve in case any of those initiatives didn’t come to fruition. But given the success of the team there, we’re able to support all the BAW-based processing we need out of our Richardson facility.
Grant Brown: Yes. No changes to our primary competitors. And to the earlier follow-on regarding the capacity at Richardson, that is something that we can do over time, not necessarily this year. But that’s something that we have the ability to do in subsequent years to add on to the effective capacity there at Richardson. But again, I just want to make sure that’s clear that we do have to take steps, add equipment, et cetera, in order to make that possible. It will be in the out years, but it’s really a comment around Farmers Branch and supporting the ability for us to do that in the future given our ability to sell the Farmers Branch facility.
Grant Brown: Yes, sure. So, as we look into September, again, I would just reiterate, we’re not providing any official guidance into fiscal ‘24, but we’re attempting to shape it just a bit given some of the macroeconomic uncertainty. And obviously, the macroeconomic situation will inevitably dictate the trajectory of revenue. But just looking at some of the drivers that we see seasonally, there is a significant ramp in the September quarter, so. And as Bob stated, we feel as though we are well represented on large platforms across all of our largest customers. So, continued strength at some of those customers as the channel inventories be in clearing will occur as well as a large seasonal ramp gets to a sequential increase in September that’s pretty substantial off of a rather low base as we’re talking about a roughly flattish June. So, that’s the primary driver, call it around September. And then into December and March, you’re right, the comps get relatively easy. But with the channel inventory picture clearing up by the end of the calendar year, as we talked about earlier, it should provide for a restocking, if you will, or us selling into potentially demand even at just recurring to normalized levels.
Grant Brown: Yes, it definitely varies. So, the infrastructure business is probably going to be slower to recover. We’ve got Wi-Fi, a lot of that’s consumer-facing. That is probably very similar to what we see in the smartphone space, but some of that’s also more operator and enterprise-driven. And so, we saw that occur a little bit later. So that will probably take a little bit longer to recover. And then our power management business as well, it’s very consumer-facing with power tools and solid-state drives and other types of devices like that that are more consumer-oriented. So, they’ll go probably very similar to the way the smartphone market goes.
