William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the September quarter increased 6% sequentially and 48% year-over-year to a quarterly record $310.7 million. CPG revenue was $255.4 million, up 7% sequentially and 59% year-over-year. MPG revenue was $55.2 million, relatively flat with the June quarter and up 12% year-over-year. RFMD's robust growth continues to be a direct result of our sharp focus on diversification, dollar content gains and expansion into new product category and the large and growing market supporting always-on broadband data mobility. Gross profit for the quarter increased to $112.3 million, supporting gross margin of 36.2%. On the sequential increase in revenues, we saw an incremental margin of greater than 50%. Two quarters ago, on our quarterly earnings call in April, we outlined our intent to expand RFMD's gross margins by 300 to 400 basis points by the March 2014 quarter. Now we expect to deliver on that goal this quarter. RFMD has delivered 180 basis points of gross margin improvement since March, and we intend to deliver another 120 basis points this quarter. This is a result of an intense focus on cost reductions and our ongoing efforts in support of 3 key margin initiatives. First, RFMD has transitioned to a flexible GAAP sourcing strategy. As part of this, we have sold our U.K. fab. We consistently stated that this will support approximately half of our gross margin expansion goal, and we now expect to achieve the full benefit of that goal this quarter. Second, RFMD is seeing very strong adoption of our ultra low cost CMOS power amplifiers and next-generation handset platforms targeting emerging markets. Overtime, we intend to migrate all of our customers for 2G PAs to this product family. Third, we have installed and qualified additional assembly capacity in our Beijing facility. And we've begun capturing the benefit of this investment in the December quarter. Looking beyond December, our confidence in margin expansion allows us to project margin improvement in a seasonally down March quarter. Even more importantly, for the first time in recent history, we can look into the next calendar year and project achieving our quarterly non-GAAP gross margin model of 40%. The RFMD team is demonstrating crisp execution in support of our gross margin initiatives. This underscores the significant operating leverage RFMD can deliver, given our expectations for diversified revenue growth, margin expansion and modest expense growth. Returning to the P&L. Operating expenses were $75.1 million, compared to $74.7 million last quarter, with G&A of $12 million, sales and marketing of $16.2 million and Research and Development of $47 million. Operating income for the September quarter was $37.2 million, resulting in approximately 12% of sales. Similar to the incremental gross profit, our operating fall-through was better than 50%. Other income was $100,000 and non-GAAP taxes were approximately $3.3 million. Net income for the quarter was $33.9 million or $0.12 per diluted share, based on 287.6 million shares. Now moving to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled approximately $150 million. Cash flow from operations was $21.5 million. DSOs were 55.3 days compared to 47.1 days in Q1. RFMD's inventory balance declined by $22.6 million, resulting in 5.7 turns versus turns of 4.8 last quarter. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.4 million shares of stock at an average price of $5.03. Net plant property and equipment was $196.6 million and capital expenditures during the quarter were $16.7 million, with depreciation of $11.3 million and intangible amortization of $6.7 million. Capital expenditures included investments in assembly capacity and equipment to reduce gold usage. Now for the financial outlook and business commentary. RFMD expects sequential growth in CPG, partially offset by sequential decline in MPG. RFMD expects quarterly revenue to be approximately flat to up 5% sequentially. RFMD expects sequential gross margin expansion of at least 120 basis points. And RFMD expects a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 15%. Finally, RFMD expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $0.13 to $0.14. And with that, we'll open up the call to your questions. Thank you.
William A. Priddy: Yes, thanks, Harsh. As we've been extremely bullish on gross margin expansion going out at the beginning of the year with 300 to 400 basis points of margin expansion in this fiscal year. We expect to achieve the 300 basis points or so in the December quarter. And we intend to deliver on the other 100 basis points to get 400 basis points by the March quarter. And then we're not stopping there. We can see additional margin expansion, if you'd like to model perhaps 50 basis points a quarter until the time we get to our 40% target gross margin model sometime during calendar year '14.
William A. Priddy: Yes, Harsh, I can give you the 10% customers. There were 2 10% customers during the quarter, and perhaps Eric and Norm would like to share some -- or Bob on the other part of the question.
William A. Priddy: Yes, we're only in the first couple of innings of replacing the 2G product portfolio. So still quite a bit of improvement that we can see in the gross margin profile of our 2G business.
William A. Priddy: The 3 things that we've been highlighting is major margin expansion initiatives to get to the 400 basis points are not really very revenue dependent. So it's more execution-oriented. I mean we've already have sold [ph] away for fab. We've already installed assembly equipment and are beginning to utilize it in the December quarter. We're already transitioning our CMOS PAs to the low-cost PAs. But looking beyond that, we have multiple projects that are -- they're keenly laser focused on cost savings, which again, are not as dependent on revenue as they are on simply execution by the teams here in RFMD. Now if we were to see an increase in capacity utilization or fabs and revenue expansion, it will only accentuate what we believe will be a good year, good solid year for margin expansion.
William A. Priddy: I think this quarter, we're flat and maybe down $1 million or so, and expect the same thing going into the March quarter of flat plus or minus $1 million or so.
William A. Priddy: Yes, I think our spending level is appropriate to support $350 million per quarter-type revenue run rate, maybe even slightly ahead of that. So you could see some slight growth here and there, but certainly, as we would define it, very modest expense growth going into fiscal year '15.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, I think -- thanks, Harsh. I think since most of our customers haven't commented yet on their September quarter or their December guide, I think it maybe be a little bit wrong for us to get out in front of them. However, with that said, I think it is safe to say that when we looked at the market to come up with our guidance, once again, we took conservative stance on the inventory drawdown. As what you said, and some of our customers clearly -- some of our customers are doing quite well. And then we have one Tier 2 customer, BlackBerry, that I think, it's no surprised to anyone out there, that is quite challenged in the marketplace right now and has, from our view, we've taken a very conservative view and with our revenue quarter-over-quarter, we're expecting to be down about $10 million. And then in MPG, and I'll let Norm talk a little bit about his marketplace, we're expecting to be down 5% to 6%, so another $3 million. So right there, if you will, the conservative view, we've got some that are winning, and we're doing well there and some other places, our customers are struggling.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Last quarter, as you know, we spent a fair amount of time talking about how we were taking a conservative view in China. We expect it to be off a little bit. And sure enough in the September quarter, we were down a little bit, and we're not really looking for much growth there. We're not forecasting any share loss there. We're going to maintain or grow our share at many of those accounts in China. But I think, once again, we're taking a conservative stance.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Mike, I appreciate the question. I think as we always try to stay away from guiding out a few quarters and what's typical anymore with what we've seen, March is probably still typically down 10% to 15%. But as you pointed on, it also depends on the timing of new product or marquee phone launches. So that also impact things. And then China, yes, depending on the Chinese New Year and the timing of all of that. But for right now, I would say a typical year is down 10% to 15%.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Okay. And then, Eric, the second parts were along duplexers, pads, margins and then ET PAs and competition.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ed, the thing I'd like to add to that is what we are very excited about is when we made the acquisition, we talked about taking that 2G CMOS PA to some of the Tier 1 OEMs. And that's on track and that's looking good for us to be able to do that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, I think we're looking at roughly flat-ish this quarter, Ed. We were down last quarter, as we said we were taking a very conservative view of China. And right now, we're just looking flat-ish. But again, we could be up.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Dean, I'll take the first part. I'll let you answer the margin part. The question was around what's normal seasonality? And looking at last year, we had the timing of a Marquee phone that was launched, and that impacted the seasonality from our perspective. And what I was saying was a typical seasonal decline in our industry is about 10% to 15%, and it all depends of what's happening with Marquee phones. And what we've said in my comments, along with Dean's and the press releases, even as sequentially down quarters. So if that quarter you modeled for us down 10% to 15%, we still expect to be able to expand our gross margin in the March quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, Steve, kind of when you add all that together, in my opening comments, I talked about another year of record revenues as we look forward to 2014 calendar year and fiscal 2015 and couple that with Dean's comments on the gross margin expansion of roughly 50 basis points a quarter. You can see why we're pretty excited about the next year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'm not sure I'm ready to say that, Quinn. Again, I think until many of our customers have reported and given you guys how they view the world in September's quarter, along with December's, I think little far from us to say that. But clearly, from a cellular perspective, we have broad representation across a wide range of customers, phone tiers, air standards. And from a more specific customer perspective, we're either maintaining or growing share, so we'll have to wait and see what their buying habits are in the consumer and how that really flows through to our revenues. But from today's perspective, too soon to tell.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, I think, Cody, we'll incorporate all those into our answer. I mean, we've been watching what we thought was a little bit of a buildup, if you remember, when we gave guidance for the September quarter. I think we're at the tailwind of that in some of the inventory builds. I also think some of the white-box manufacturers are still quite challenged as they migrate their own product portfolios from 2G to 3G. So all of the above. We don't always have good insights as we commented on the last call into their finished goods and how things look. Factoring all that, we just said, we'll just roughly look at the market as roughly flat this quarter. But what's most important is obviously, if it takes off, we can respond.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, it's December and January and with Lunar New Year being late, that could be some of the delay and some of the demand as well.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think it's safe that we don't comment on whatever our largest customer is going through. I think my comments that we took a conservative view in our outlook with them is probably the best answer I can give you. I really don't want to get too far ahead of them, Cody, because they haven't really said much publicly.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think what I will answer from this perspective is we saw significant mix changes which we see mix changes all the time. But I think I'd rather answer it, we saw significant mix in the portfolio of products that we sold to them.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'm not sure, Eric, how we would want to answer that. Problematic carrier aggregation in itself is a challenge for the industry. We're working with various handset manufacturers, baseband manufacturers and carriers around the world, so I'm not sure I want to call out any one of those.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sure. I'll let Eric go ahead and go through at least what happens to our TAM and the challenges for both the carrier downlink and uplink.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Actually, I'm not sure we would agree maybe with some of those commentary about the currency. I think a lot of the white good guys that we work with didn't quite see some of the same experiences. I think it might have been as much maybe as -- we said, we were down in China. I think they were down in China. And I think there might have been some other issues there. I can't comment on what exactly they saw, but I don't think we can collaborate some of what you've said.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I guess, Eric, do you want to hit a high level? Just talk about some of the tiers and how we see them growing in the dollar context.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us tonight. RFMD is executing on multiple opportunities to increase our dollar content on the highest growth and highest profile smartphones and reference designs. We anticipate a long-term revenue growth trajectory producing multiple points of gross margin expansion and continued improvement in our operating results. Thanks again and good night.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure, I'd be happy to. Well, we are, in fact, launching production shipments this quarter for both our envelope tracker as well as many envelope tracking power amplifier system for various stance [ph], and those are being shipped to multiple customers. So we think we're out of the gate early in the industry. As you know, we've been leading with the development there of the tracker itself and the co-integration of that with the power amplifier. As we've said many times in the past, I think it's playing out as expected. It will be a much narrower field of competition for these slots. There will be competition of course. There are still a couple of strong folks competing for this, but not as broad a field as we see in the rest of the market.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. So received carrier aggregation, which has actually begun already in Korea. We've supported the received carrier aggregation switch there in those models that are shipping today. We do expect that to begin to penetrate in North America and throughout the world in CY '14. So in next year, we do see approximately a $2 content increase overall for the RFs in those handsets, and it is concentrated on the switching and the front end, as well as some filtering. There are a few bands in power amplifiers, as well, that have to be redesigned for more stricter requirements. So a bit of a bump there, but it's primarily content in the switches and filtering content.
Steven E. Creviston: Right, so regarding the duplexer integration and the pads business, you're right, that's ramping quite strong right now. And we have been working closely with the duplexer supply base with multiple suppliers, in fact, to assure capacity and competitive pricing there. I think in terms of your question about the stacked margins and the fact that despite a strong ramp of duplexer content we're seeing standing margins, I think you really need to decouple those. On one hand, we're getting a fair price for the pad because we're integrating a lot of capability on the power amplifier side too and making sure that our performance is world-class at the final product so that we get a fair pricing. But a lot of what you're seeing in the margin expansion is really coming from structural cost changes that Dean pointed to. And those are so powerful across the board, across the portfolio, that's really what's driving overall the margin improvement. Regarding the ET premium, we are, in fact, seeing a premium for ET. So like-for-like ET versus APT, we see a 15% to 20% price premium for the ET version.
Steven E. Creviston: Correct. Yes, I'm referring to a power amplifier that could support ET mode versus one that supports APT mode.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, I guess I can answer that in 3 different ways. The first I think is to look at our footprint, our product portfolio. We're a very broad base supplier now in the RF front end. Certainly, not just PAs anymore. You've seen us stamp out a footprint in antenna control solutions and tuning, real leadership position there, and that market is really just beginning. Also, in switches, broad-based in both antenna switch modules and receive diversity in carrier aggregation switches and then in power management as well. So we're really serving the entire spectrum of the RF front end. We're not a niche supplier at all. Secondly, as we look at the customers we serve, we have lot of customers, which are going through an upgrade cycle in their portfolios as well. So some of the people we've been working with for many years in 2G are now shipping 3G and beginning to design LTE handsets. So a big change in terms of their product portfolio. The challenges are very high for them, and we're very well suited and integrated into their engineering teams to help them make this transition. And then lastly, the integration level in the industry, if anything, is going on. So we have the opportunity to integrate and aggregate more content around each of those footprint placements we have, whether it's adding filters in with our switches, filters with PAs or doing modules that, in fact, include the entire RF function. So with those 3 ways, I think we stand to have a very nice year next year.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, that's a great question. You're right. Our PA portfolio is ramping, of course, with one particular baseband partner that does have their own envelope tracking capability. But then when we look at shipping our tracker with our PAs, there are multiple baseband manufacturers we're working with. We'll be ramping production this quarter with only one of them, but we're engaged with several others. And to be fair, several of them may launch first edition basebands with envelope tracking with another solution. There's competing envelope trackers out there. And most, if not all, cases, even if they're ramping on someone else, we're engaged with them for the next generation. So this is a technology that takes a lot of co-integration and quite a bit of architecture development. And so it will -- it's something that we expect to continue to add engagements and roll-out with new partners throughout next year.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, we do. There are some cases in which those could be shipped as integrated PA duplexer products. So we'll see some customers preferring the integration level to be done and others prefer to stay discrete.
Steven E. Creviston: So I can't speak specifically to the traction of their products. You'll need to ask them about that. But I can say that generally there is a lot of discussion, as I said earlier, about the integration levels going up, and in some cases, we are working with customers on fully integrated modules that have PAs, switches, filters and everything in them, in various future architectures that, as we look out, have various versions of that level of integration. But I think right now, today, the industry is trying to solve some really fundamental problems first. And we need to get the tuning really working well in the industry and adopted broadly. So antenna tuning and impedance tuning and all that and getting that mature, and we're close to that point. Carrier aggregation has just begun, and there's a lot of work to really iron out all the front-end details there and get that mature and envelope tracking ramping right behind it, of course. And that there -- also has its own level of complexity. So what we're hearing from customers are [indiscernible] get things solved first and then we'll get the integration [indiscernible] probably the right timing for that.
Steven E. Creviston: No, we don't have a specific revenue target to achieve the type of margin profile that I was discussing.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, that's right. There's various ways to look at the transmit carrier aggregation. In either case, they'll certainly be longer to market versus receive carrier agregation. But especially in cases where you actually do need to add 2 parallel transmit pads, that adds a lot of complexity. And of course, costs [ph] into the handset as well. So we're working on various architectures and band combinations that will help reduce some of that impact and enable Tx MIMO or Tx carrier aggregation to be implemented. But it's going to be least CY '15 before we really see any significant traction there.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, the first question on ASP, really nothing to report there. Business as usual in terms of ASPs across all the tiers I would say. And then on the question of complexity, yes, there's a lot of exciting new products coming out, I think, where we do combine various functions into the different partitioning for different customers that are trying to achieve different things in their portfolio basically. And it does require a lot of systems architecture and systems engineering and real leadership at the component level. We believe one of the things that RFMD has done well over the past several years is understand what's driving the industry and investing well ahead of it, years ahead of that in fact, to develop intellectual property, and also key manufacturing technology, so [indiscernible] going to have leadership at the component level and then the RF systems architecture to put it together. And we've been selling for a couple of years now reference designs, which provide all of that architecture capability to our customers and those always end up being customized reference designs [ph] production basically. So now the opportunity is to take those reference designs and basically package them together and find ways to further improve performance and take cost out and, in particular, reduce size. So, yes, it's an exciting part of the portfolio, and it does require an awful lot of confidence to pull that off and very close customer relationships.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, it's challenging to answer the question as stated because units will be going up for sure. But the complexity is what's increasing really, really rapidly. So we're integrating a lot more functions into the same package essentially, so we definitely see an improvement in terms of density, if you will, functional density within the product, which drives a lot more manufacturing base and scale.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, I sure don't want to get too specific as, you're right, it's a nascent market and we're one of the few people actually shipping, so we can't be too specific. It's several times more content versus, a say, an APT tracker, if you will. And so...
