Mark Murphy: Sure. So Toshiya, we decreased our December number about $150 million, as you can see, and about $135 million of that was in Mobile, where we went from roughly [ 9 65 to 8 30 ] in the December quarter. The balance of the decrease was IDP. IDP is the most straightforward. It's all supply in IDP. So just keep that in mind.  Of the $135 million roughly in Mobile, as we characterize supply constraints, which is our suppliers not having supply for us, our customers not having the chipsets, thus not able to build their product and use our product, and then finally, our own internal constraints, we see up to $100 million that we would characterize as supply related of that $135 million.  The balance, so $35 million we would view as net demand. Some demand is up and we're able to intersect that. But some demand is clearly down, and I think that's well publicized, particularly in parts of Asia. So broad brush strokes were 3 quarters or less down on supply in Mobile and one quarter or more related to demand. Now if you add in IDP, which is all supply, then that proportion is stronger. So that's our view, Toshiya. 
Mark Murphy: Well, I was just going to add, Blayne, that, listen, we're disappointed with the December guide, but I think it's also to reinforce our commitment to keep the channel healthy and give you a guide best we see on the supply/demand fronts.  But it's never easy, but admittedly, it's more difficult than usual environment right now. I do think it's important with this adjustment to step back, not lose sight of how good a business we've got. For this fiscal year, we called down, but that was -- and we missed, but there was an aged consensus that, clearly, the supply environment worsened through the quarter, particularly in mid- to late September and then these publicized weakness and demand emerged.  We see things improving. We think December is as bad as it gets for us, and we see improving in March and broadly. We had given a guidance range of 15% to 20%. And with this 2.5% adjustment for the year, we're down at the lower end of that range. So we're still in the range that we had provided.  Yes. Listen, our gross margin outlook is intact around 52%. OpEx is in control, and we're investing in the future of the business. That's both traditional parts of the business and newer parts of the business. And in the end, we're taking EPS roughly a dime above $12 to roughly a dime below $12. And so there is a bit of a correction there, but I would say it's the right thing for us to do.  If we look into next year and beyond, we're just -- feel great about our position. Premium technology and products, serving attractive end markets, growing double digits, and we expect to grow double digits. We're operating well, sustained margins over 52%, expanding operating margins. So a lot of talk about the positive beyond this quarter. 
Mark Murphy: No, we're -- it did get worse in mid- to late September, Blayne, for sure. And that's what we've tried to explain. And first, it was the supply environment, which has been tough for 1.5 years, almost 2 years now. The supply environment got worse. And then demand over the past 3 weeks or so has deteriorated.  But our work -- and some of that inventory is just, again, it's mix match of sets and so forth like that. But having said that, our inventories are okay. I mean our turns are at the high end of historical range. And even with the slowdown, the turns will be within the normal historical range. So we -- yes, this is why we're dealing with this now. And again, we think it's a short-term issue that we work through and are in better shape in the March quarter. 
Mark Murphy: Yes. And I would -- this is Mark. I would just add that we're looking at this several years out, and they're most definitely not niche businesses at that point. I mean the TAM that we see associated with the $1.6 billion or so acquisitions that we've done over the last several years. I'm including this recent $200 million plus on United Silicon Carbide. We see that TAM at about $5 billion. We see that TAM doubling to $10 billion or more over the next several years. So we expect these businesses to be material and enjoy that growth, which is significant. And that's not including Biotechnologies. 
Mark Murphy: We've covered that at length in previous calls, and it's the same factors, which is what we had hoped would happen. So we have premium products and those allow us to price better and compete where we most want to compete. We've maintained the utilization of our factory network. We continue to drive productivity programs aggressively. And it's these and other factors that have contributed to the gross margin quantum improvement and then the consistency we're seeing. 
Mark Murphy: And Ambrish, on your CapEx question, it's still our long-term goal to keep our capital intensity as low as we can as we grow and stay around that mid-single digits as a percent of sales. Now that will move a bit up and down as we're going through various investment cycles. But that's the long-term goal.  I do think it's important to call out that our CapEx is staying at sustained levels and through this weaker period in December because we see on the other side of it, and it's -- we're only talking in the March quarter, where we see things rising. We see next year as being a good year. And so we need to invest capacity to realize that growth potential. 
Steven Creviston: Toshiya, this is Eric. I'll take that. I think one of the silver linings in this environment is how constructive the conversations have gotten in terms of much longer term. So not just 1 or even 2 years, but in some cases up to 3 years of discussions about how we're going to outline both our technology and supply road map to our customers' product road maps, their markets and what they expect to ship. And first, there's no crystal ball. It's not perfect, but at least we have ranges of alignment and sort of volume bars, share windows and things like this that we can talk both to our customers and to our suppliers.  And I think for suppliers, it's a great benefit to them and us to have more stability. And for our customers, of course, supply assurance is paramount, and for us to have more confidence in our growth of the businesses is, of course, very important as well. So it's a very different environment driven by all the factors we've talked about already on this call. 
Steven Creviston: This is Eric. I don't think so. Technology decisions are still critical to enable next-generation phones, and best-in-class RF is still going to win in the front-end section. So I don't think we're competing against people that have advantages of bundling across the boundary, if you will, from the apps and modem side to the RF side really.  And I think, again, just as in the last question with Toshiya, I think the long-term visibility we have and kind of planning our technology road maps, we're getting no signs that there's any change, if you will, in terms of the bundling or the architectures that would change that. 
Steven Creviston: Blayne, this is Eric. Yes, it's a good question. And I think to a certain extent, there's some of that, and I think a lot of it comes down to mix as well. I think we did a good job of responding to customer demand. Now we still have several parts where we're on allocation as well and chasing and behind, of course, as we talked about. But for the most part, we did a pretty good job of satisfying customer demand. But what happens is as the mix shifts, I mean, they're essentially taking every baseband chip they can get, regardless of which RF it's on. So yes, it could be that net-net, we shift a bit ahead up to this point. 
Steven Creviston: Yes, Karl, this is Eric. I don't think we can break them up between ecosystems like that and give any more color given the concentration of the ecosystem. So... 
Steven Creviston: Yes. So today, you're right, I mean it's predominantly -- it's, I would say, on the lower voltage scale, and it's in power supplies around automotive and data center applications. If you look at how we plan to take the business on a go-forward basis, certainly, we'll use our channels to expand substantially. As you know, we've got a broad base into the automotive and in many other places like the defense market, we'll be able to take this technology over the long term.  We'll also be scaling the technology up in voltage, which will allow us to enter other parts of the automotive space, motor controls and things like that on a go-forward basis. 
Steven Creviston: Okay. I'll start with the question about share and how we can be certain about our share gains or losses, and it's fairly straightforward for us. I don't think there's a phone platform of any significance that we don't have content on. So we know exactly how many phones every model are being built, and so we know exactly what our share is. We do all the teardowns and figure out what all the other slots are if we don't really know. And it's easily trackable. And I can assure you that it's not a share issue at all.  In fact, we're excited, as we exit December quarter and go into March, I think we've got some very nice content pickups with Samsung, in particular, new platforms that we're really happy about that tailwind. But right now, to your question, I think we're quite certain of our share position, especially against Qualcomm or, frankly, any other supplier. 
Steven Creviston: No, just maybe the distinction. I'm not saying Qualcomm is not doing well. They've got some drivers, of course. I think my response to add is that I know it's not at our expense. So we're not losing share to them, if that was the question. 
Steven Creviston: Yes. And maybe to kind of take a step towards your question. I think we're always looking for opportunities that allow us to leverage our scale in Mobile and then use that same technology at an unfair advantage everywhere else. We're in smaller markets, right? I mean that's one of the advantages we have with our corporate structure. So we fit that perfectly. The mobile phone itself, of course, is going to drive billions of units. But around that, the [ wave ] 5, 6, 7 things that talk to those billions of units, right? So the whole connected home ecosystem and so forth, it's -- it will be a major franchise over time and continuing to expand into industrial, some of the things we talked about in the press release, there's industrial, things like auto manufacturing autos themselves. So certainly not a niche business to Bob's point, and we're thrilled with the progress that we're making with ultra-wideband today. 
Steven Creviston: Sure. Looking at the RF content in -- as 5G proliferates down, we've said there's like a $5 to $7 increase from 4G Advanced Pro, for example, up to the 5G. And what we said previously is -- what's interesting is we see that $5 to $7 consistent as the phones go down. So on a high-tier phone, high-tier smartphone, you might be looking at $30 to $35 RF bomb. You're adding $5 to $7 to that. That's a good growth. But as you go down into the mid-tier, you're adding that $5 to $7 on top of maybe $13 or $10 in some cases, right? So I think that was like the interesting kind of content growth story as you go down.  Some of the fundamental RF challenges in 5G that drive a lot of complexity around filtering and multiband, multimode operation, received diversity requirements going up, transmit diversity coming and so forth. All of that are sort of independent of tier because they're not -- a lot of them aren't driven specifically by consumer features and things that you see. It's driven just as much more sort of network infrastructure efficiency in economies driven by the provider -- the carriers. So I think that's the essence of the comments we made in the past that you're asking about. 
Steven Creviston: Right, Ambrish. So first of all, looking at the Mobile market, you asked about Asia, specifically in March. I mean, clearly, I think as you saw from our guide, this is not a normal year, right? We're booking seasonality in our projection in March going up. So I think that there's no normality here to the seasonality. So we're expecting that it will be roughly in line, growing a bit over December quarter most likely. 
Steven Creviston: Sorry, the channel inventory. Yes, that also varies dramatically by part numbers as we talked about. We have -- somewhat we're back up to healthy levels, for sure, others that were still actually hand-to-mouth out there or even constrained on -- in some cases. So there's a wide range. But we've been saying, I think, over the past quarter or two that we're beginning to see channel inventories begin to get healthier. In some parts, we've definitely gotten there, and that's where we're making sure that we don't over-ship into the channel to Mark's point. 
Steven Creviston: Well, one thing which I don't think we've touched on this call yet, we do see very, very lean inventories in the finished goods channel. So in terms of phone inventory in the channel from Vivo and Xiaomi, we don't -- we see pretty tight discipline there. We don't see overbuilds and phone inventory building up. I'm not sure if you're asking that or whether they're building up a stockpile of memory chips, I don't know. I can't... 
Steven Creviston: No, I don't think they're intentionally doing that. They're dealing with mix shifts due to supply changes week-to-week, which baseband they can get depend on which ones they can ship. So yes, so I think that's the key factor. 
Robert Bruggeworth: Vivek, this is Bob. Thanks for your question. I think the other point that's interesting is that a lot of the things that our customers are waiting on are from some of those very people you mentioned. So I think we need to keep that in mind. It's not us. The primary reason is we have the parts. We can get the parts for them. They've been saying, as we've mentioned many times through last quarter as well as this quarter, the challenges our customers have with [ match sets or kitting ], whatever vocabulary you want to use, that's been their bigger problem, is in SoCs, not with RF front ends, at least not from us. 
Robert Bruggeworth: Chris, this is Bob, and I'll make a few comments, and obviously let Eric add some color. But without seeing what they said or understood, it's a little bit difficult. But I believe in that number you gave, there is the millimeter wave front ends that they do sell to our mutually largest customer. And if they broke that out, that probably would be helpful. And yes, we do see them out there. We don't see them on any MediaTek platforms, that's for sure. But we sit alongside them. They don't have the entire RF at the same customers, as Eric already outlined. So I think we've got a pretty good handle on what's going on. So yes, they have more RF content, I would say, at our largest customer. That's a fact. So that could be part of it easily.  But Eric, if you think there's anything that I may have missed. 
Robert Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again at upcoming investor conferences. Thanks again, and have a good night. 
James Klein: Yes, this is James. So as you stated, we like the aspect that it gets us into several fast-growing markets like electric vehicles, industrial power and data centers, maybe longer term, even in things like circuit protection. We see it in current year expanding our addressable market by almost $1 billion. And we think that, that certainly continues to grow at a high growth rate as we go over the next several years.  We do believe that we have industry-leading performance in efficiency and in die size. So we think when we compare those differentiated type capabilities with our existing power management capabilities, we really do believe we have the ability to continue to grow and scale the business. 
James Klein: Let me take the second one first. Certainly, we'll use our very large and strong supply chain to make sure we supply that. And of course, we have expertise also in very high power packaging. So we'll combine that with the power control that we have from the [ Active-Semiconductor ] acquisition that's been a couple of years ago now, and we really intend to take this business much more into a module play, where we'll have that integrated capability. And of course, we'll use our supply chain to make sure we've got a stable supply of raw material and the ability to manufacture the wafers and things like that.  As far as moving it inside, we'll certainly, as we go over the period of scale in the business, we're going to take a hard look at what makes sense and what doesn't make sense. I think there's parts of that process that maybe we'll adapt well to some of our internal capabilities and some that may be a bit more of a challenge. And I think we'll just look at that as we go through the next several years as we scale to see what makes the most economic sense go-forward basis. 
James Klein: Ed, this is James. I'll take on the acquisition question. So for us, that technology benefit there is low loss and, therefore, smaller die size. We agree, competitive market, but we are sort of the high-end performance side of that side of the market. So it's going to take that customer set that's really, really looking for a high-performance part.  Now go-forward basis, we'll take both the power management things that we have in the prior acquisition and our packaging capability, and we'll move more into a module space. And again, we'll do that selectively, where we see parts of the market that are really going to be driven by performance. So we're not trying to take on the world. 
James Klein: Yes. I think on 5G specific, I suspect it will be a bit of a longer haul. But I will tell you that I'm really pleased with the progress we've made. We've had wins, significant wins outside of China in that MIMO space. We begin getting out our first integrated modules or what we call PAMs, power amplifier modules, and really pleased with those wins and the performance that we have there.  If you do look at our -- the core -- the IDP business minus the infrastructure side, this year, we'll grow north of 20%. And so it really is the story for us. It is just the lack of deployments going on in China.  If you look at that base station business outside of China, it's actually growing way up over 30%. So it really is a story for us about slowdown in China is the IDP story. The rest of the business is doing very, very well.  And on your comment about my retirement, I want to say a few words. First of all, I really wanted to thank the Qorvo team for all the work over this past decade or so. They've done just an absolutely tremendous job, and we've been able to accomplish a tremendous amount.  I also want to thank Bob for all of his leadership in building Qorvo. I have a lot of pride associated with the company that we've built. And I want to thank Bob for, I guess, guiding us through that, maybe dragging us. But I want to thank you very much.  And third, I want to thank Philip for accepting the challenge to lead the IDP team. I'm really confident that he's going to do a great job in the future with the organization. So I want to thank him for joining us. 
