William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. First, a quick reminder that income statement results and comparisons will be non-GAAP. Revenue for the September quarter increased 13.8% sequentially to $243.8 million. Revenue exceeded analyst expectations, as CPG took share in the 3G/4G segment, and our emerging market business rebounded sharply. The sequential strength in CPG, more than offset a double-digit decline in MPG revenue, caused by softness across their end market.  Exciting products and technology cycles, including PowerSmart, high-performance switches, antenna control solutions, Phenom and GaN, all contributed nicely to our better-than-consensus revenue performance. Regarding customer diversification, we've never been better positioned, and today, we're growing with the customers, who are also growing.  Gross profit was $95.4 million, with gross margin expanding 60 basis points to 39.1%. Operating expenses were $58 million, with G&A of $9.4 million, sales and marketing of $13.2 million and research and development of $35.4 million.  Operating income increased nearly 50% sequentially, to $37.4 million, representing an operating margin of 15.3%. Consistent with last quarter -- with last September, noncash share-based compensation expense, which is excluded from non-GAAP results, was approximately $9.8 million, of which approximately $1.5 million was in cost of goods sold. Other expense was $161,000, and non-GAAP taxes were $6.1 million. And net income for the September quarter was $31.1 million, with earnings of $0.11 per diluted share based on 282.7 million shares. Now going to the balance sheet. During the quarter, RFMD repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares of common stock, at an average price of $5.72. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $276.6 million. RFMD's inventory was flat at $163.2 million, with inventory turns improving to 3.8. Net PP&E was $208.3 million compared to $214.8 million last quarter. CapEx during the quarter was $7.8 million, with depreciation of $14.5 million and intangible amortization of $4.6 million. We continue to expect fiscal 2012 capital expenditures to be approximately 4% of sales. Return on invested capital was 29.4% for the September quarter. RFMD generated $38.4 million, and cash flow from operations during the quarter, and free cash flow was $30.6 million. Now some comments to assist you on modeling our December financial performance. We currently expect the following: RFMD expects quarterly revenues to increase sequentially to approximately $250 million. RFMD expects CPG revenue to outpace the cellular market, driven by 3G/4G share gains. RFMD expects a sequential decline of approximately 10% in MPG revenue. RFMD expects non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately flat, based on projected revenue mix, and non-GAAP operating expenses to increase sequentially, approximately $1 million, and RFMD expects a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 16%. Similar to the September quarter, we expect solid execution to help mitigate a challenging environment. RFMD is delivering continued growth and diversification, based on product and technology leadership, and we expect to support to -- and we expect this to support continued improvements in our financial performance.  And with that, we'll open your call up -- this call up to questions. Thanks.
William A. Priddy: As far as Nokia is concerned, it pretty much played out in the quarter as we expected. They did come down as a percentage of sales, primarily, because of the significant growth that we saw through our new products into all the new customers. As we all know, we're doing quite well in the market. And as far as bottoming goes, that will really determine -- will be determined by their performance in the market. As we commented last quarter, our share there has pretty much bottomed. So we're also waiting the launch of some of the Windows 7 phones, and we've got content in those. So as far as where they end up as a percent of sales with us, it'll be -- it's much dependent on their ability to execute in the market. But the reason they came down, quite honestly Ed, we're being very successful with the new products that we've been introducing to the marketplace.
William A. Priddy: Yes. Still not going to rule out this year, to be able to obtain 40%. So I think being more realistic, given the fact that when we gave that particular guidance, our MPG business was trending between 25% and 30%, probably a little closer to 30% of our total revenue. And this past quarter came down below 25%, and is probably trending towards closer to 20% in the December quarter. I think without a bit of help from the MPG markets, achieving the 40% might be a bit more difficult. So I think to be on the safe side, we'll just stick with flattish gross margin at current projected revenue mix. But clearly, the drop off in the MPG business is having about a margin point impact on our total gross margin. So as we see those businesses begin to come back, then you'll also see the gross margin begin to reflect that.
William A. Priddy: Yes. First of all, within CPG, what we saw this past quarter was our SSCPL product line and 3G/4G product lines, all having above corporate average gross margins, where margins were a bit below corporate averages within our straight 2G business, particularly, the emerging market business through China and Nokia and Samsung. So balance-wise though, CPG turned in a strong margin performance for the quarter, and expected to do the same thing the next quarter. Really, where we're below corporate average is 2G, as you might expect.
William A. Priddy: Yes, historically, that's running close to 20% or so of sales, plus or minus a few points. For competitive reasons, so I don't want to give away too much there.
William A. Priddy: I think -- it's certainly Samsung was a 10% customer as well. And actually, we had a third that was very close, but didn't quite make the grade, maybe next quarter.
William A. Priddy: I think longer term, we expect the mix of MPG business to increase. There's no reason to think that the growth rates over the long term, or the markets are somewhere in the 16%, 17% CAGR range. It's just that, I think the current macro environment is what's really impacting the MPG markets, and that's our business.
William A. Priddy: Yes, sure. Within MPG on the pricing pressure, we're not really seeing anything significantly different from normal price pressure. We're going through some annual negotiations right now, and it's really typical kinds of level, plus with this kind of soft demand, that, that tends to remove a lot of the price pressure as well.
William A. Priddy: Yes, still pretty low by historical standards. I don't know if it's as meaningful of a number as it once was, as we are doing more and more of our products on SOI and silicon technologies. But clearly, it's demonstrating once again, that RFMD has a very capital-efficient business model, with very, very small die sizes and unique architectures, that really leverage our gallium arsenide, our wafer fabs and provide for adequate capacity, continue growing the company without investing in wafer fabrication equipment, i.e., our roughly 4% of sales of capital expenditures for the year.
William A. Priddy: Yes. Our goal is to get back to more historical terms of 5.5 or so, and hopefully, achieve something closer to 6. I think we'll see a steady progression towards that goal over the next few quarters. I don't think it's going to happen overnight. As more and more of our business has become outsourced, and we've got some very marquee ramps in terms of new products, in particular, the SOI type products. We want to make sure that we protect our customers in those ramps. But I do think you're going to see an improvement in inventory turns once again in the December quarter, and that's becoming more of a trend for the company over the next few quarters.
William A. Priddy: Sure. Today, the largest end market for MPG would be the wireless infrastructure category. That's part of the wireless products business unit, and that -- it's probably on the order of 1/4 of the MPG business overall.
William A. Priddy: The GaN utilization of the fab is still extremely small. Of the GaAs -- I didn't give the gallium arsenide, didn't give an exact percentage utilization, because again, it's becoming a little less meaningful. But by historical standards, it is pretty low, which suggests it's certainly below the 80% range and...
William A. Priddy: Consistent with last quarter, yes. We might saw pickup just a tad in this previous quarter, but nothing too meaningful.
William A. Priddy: Yes. We take our in-house number plus the customer forecast. We're very well covered for the guidance that we gave. So in other words, we don't need a substantial amount of turns business in order to achieve our guidance.
William A. Priddy: I really couldn't comment to say how often that happens. I don't have that data right in front of me.
Norman Hilgendorf: This is Norm Hilgendorf. Thanks for the question. Yes, we've been experiencing broad-based softness, really across all of the MPG markets. It just burst across all of our geographies from Asia, Europe and North America. North America's a little bit better than the other regions, but it's really spread across all geographies, and it's also spread across nearly all of the multiple markets that we serve in MPG, with most of the markets declining quarter-over-quarter.
Norman Hilgendorf: With regard to this, we really feel like it's largely a macro effect that we're dealing with right now, and so it's really very difficult for us to assess or predict how long that macro effect is going to be driving the business.
Norman Hilgendorf: We think that what we're really seeing is just mostly cautious ordering patterns. We did have a little bit of excess inventory position with a couple of customers late in the last quarter. But those have been worked through, and they're ordering again now. So overall, we think there's just cautious buying patterns.
Steven E. Creviston: That is correct, Ed. We believe that cellular market grew in the September quarter, and it's poised to grow once again in the December quarter. So those comments were more MPG-related.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, this is Eric Creviston. Yes. As you know, we have several reference design slots with Qualcomm for switch opportunity. So that is the most direct quick fit -- quick design wins. We're also working, of course, on a lot of power amplifiers that are compatible with the Qualcomm reference designs, which would be potentially, used by Nokia as well.
Steven E. Creviston: The SSC wins, literally all over the place. Across nearly, every baseband manufacturing, across nearly every OEM as well. Certainly, exceeding our expectations now. And that's driven by, really, the high linearity and low loss and high isolation that we're getting with our products. We began referring to antenna control solution, as you might have noticed, which is sort of a subset of the overall switch opportunity. As you began to, again, pump a lot of data through these mobile handsets, what we're finding is that multiple antennas are being used. And as you're trying to get even a single antenna to address many different frequency bands, you'll find the switch contents is specifically, tailored towards handling the antenna control. And so that's been definitely a source of a big uptick as well there.
Steven E. Creviston: It is based entirely on performance. The application for our switches again, in particular, being close to the antenna, is very high linearity so that you can process simultaneous VoIP and LTE, for example. That's one of the things that's allowed by the high linearity of our control solutions. So at this point in time, there's always a lot of pressure for size in the handsets. So we're constantly driving the size down with new packaging techniques and so forth. But even faster than that, there's a drive to getting more and more frequency bands supported in the handset. And that's driving the switch from 4-throw or a 6-throw that you would have had last year to new designs that are 12-throw or even 14-throw switches right at the antenna interface. And then moving to multiple antennas, you can see applications where you have multiple switches, handling diversity, as well as the trends from the past and all of the signal routing. You need very high linearity, low in loss and high isolation. So it's really performance that's driving that product line.
Steven E. Creviston: So Samsung is still the largest customer for PowerSmart, but we are now shipping full volume production to LG and RIM, as we had forecasted. We're designing into many other handsets as well. We'll be ramping HTC and also Huawei during this fiscal year. And at least, one other handset manufacturer, we expect to ramp as well, during this fiscal year. So we expect to exit the year at least 6 OEMs. We're also happy to say that during this quarter, the December quarter, we're expecting to ramp another version of the PowerSmart family, with a second baseband provider at Samsung. So we'll be broadening out the footprint at Samsung for the converged power amplifier class. And this class -- in this case, for the first ramps, they will be the power amplifier portion, the converged power amplifier, part of PowerSmart. In 2012, we expect to add to that, the power management piece, and another design cycle. And as well, our antenna switches.
Steven E. Creviston: So at this time, yes, we're not talking about exactly which are the baseband providers we're aligned with.
Steven E. Creviston: That's right. Phenom actually, as we've mentioned before, has a much bigger sales funnel, even than PowerSmart. I think that the opportunities there are just vast. In fact, we're working on production ramp-ups in very late-stage design cycles across 4 different baseband manufacturers, for the Phenom product line. We're in production, as you know, with RIM and HTC, those ramped last quarter. And we're now, we're ramping Lenovo this quarter, and several other Chinese manufacturers. So what's interesting for Phenom is that the breadth of the application. So we're talking about everything from the real low-tier, cost-driven 3G-entry market, all the way up to the highest tier smartphones, and even, LTE smartphones, all working on the Phenom product family. So it's really a revolutionary product for us in terms of the scope of application.
Steven E. Creviston: Well, for the cellular side at least, I can speak to that. We think in general, the pricing environment in total, is about as it has been historically. But there's no question that with the share gains that we're now seeing, and what we're projecting over the coming couple of years. We're winning based on performance and product leadership that our tough competitors are clearly noticing that in certain targeted customers and segments. We've had a few cases where competitors would come back and -- they've fallen so far behind the technology, they really have had no choice but to compete on price. And the bottom line is, we're very comfortable with our cost structure. Our new products are not only much better performance, but also, much lower in cost than what we've had in the past. So we still expect we're going to win the business, and we'll let the pricing take care of itself.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. So you know that we've, obviously, made significant progress there in getting the cellular product mix now to over 40% 3G. We said by the end of this fiscal year, we're expected to be at 50%. We're very much on track to do that. And from there, I think that we can get it up to the point to where it is exactly the same as the mix in the market where you can get to where approximately, say 3/4 of the business could be 3G/4G-based in the future. So in our goal, of course, is to get our share, the 40% across-the-board. We're there, in 2G today. We're not anywhere near that in 3G/4G. We still have got a lot of room to run, and that's what our product lines are based on doing.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure, I'll be happy to. First off, I want to clarify that was actually not Phenom-based products. These are some of our -- the family that was the generation before that, called Genesis, and also, some 2G product and some 3G products, sort of pre-Phenom products that got into this reference design. The reference design is actually just being released, and so it is not in production yet. And I think just generally, when you look at the 3G entry market, we're looking at a market that's something on the order of 150 million units this calendar year, and growing at about 40% to 50%, we think, next year. So it's a very large market opportunity, generally with the 3G entry category.
Steven E. Creviston: Well, of course, our key strategy is to win Galaxy S III. But beyond that, I think, it's also important to realize that just the total breadth and diversification of the portfolio now. Our diversification with products and across baseband providers, and also, against product -- across products, is dramatically different than it's ever been in the history of the company. So we have a lot of horses pulling this forward here. And even within Samsung, as I said, we're engaged with literally, all the baseband providers that they're dealing with, and across multiple basebands, now even for the converged PAs. But also for Phenom and for switch products and for 2G and so forth, so we have a large and diversified business, even within Samsung that's been outside of Samsung as well, really dealing with every single phone manufacturer and every baseband provider, and in a growing way. So if you look at our results in Q3, even in Q2, excuse me, the growth was incredibly broad-based for the Cellular Group. It wasn't just Samsung by any means. We had growth across nearly, every customer. We had greater than double digit growth in each of our product lines, so I think the RFMD team did an excellent job of delivering on the product leadership, and executing those product plans, and that's going to continue to grow as we go into next year.
Steven E. Creviston: It varies by customer. We have several customers, which are qualifying, at least 5 bands of Phenom. And then in various handsets, they'll use different combinations of them. In some of the first drafts we've had so far, it's only been in 1 or 2 of the bands in the phones. So it really varies across a lot of the customer base. But as you add on LTE as well, I mean we have the opportunity, certainly, to address 6, 7 bands, all with Phenom types of products in some of the customer handsets.
Steven E. Creviston: There's no question that there is. Yes, we're definitely still seeing it. It is really amazing to look at what our customers are planning and probably, even more amazing, what the baseband providers are planning in terms of coverage as you go through 2012 and 2013. LTE is coming on very, very rapidly. I think it's the first cellular generation change that I can recall where there's been true end-user demand. For the first time, the end users understand why they need all of these data that's being offered, and now, they're demanding it at much higher rates and lower costs and better coverage. So that's pulling, really, a dramatic increase in the number of bands that are in the phones. You still have backward-compatible for 2G and at least, 4 bands or so of 3G. And then you're adding on 1, 2, 3 or 4 bands of LTE on top of that. I mean, real high-volume products are going to have very high band counts over the next couple of years. And combine that, of course, as we said, with the multi-mode progression, and then the switching content, I think it's really going to amaze people how much switching is necessary to make these phones work. And when we talk about antenna control solutions, as well as kind of a growing subset of that, we want to highlight, you're not only using switches to route the signals around within the radio, you have a massive switch that's pulling it altogether at the antenna port, and then a whole new class of components right at the antenna to switch between multiple antennas or to actually tune antennas. And so when you add all this up, it is definitely, still a content-growth story for the RF market.
Steven E. Creviston: I believe that is true. I think one of the other things that differentiates RFMD, is our systems capabilities. So in addition to the product and technology leadership, along each of products we've talked about, in 3G and 4G with PAs and switches, we have the power management and the tuning capability, and we have the ability to do the entire RF reference design, and in fact, that's one of our key new initiatives, is that we are actually developing reference designs between the transceiver and the antenna. And I think that the baseband providers are seeing the value in that, and we're able to help influence system-level specifications and component specifications for the RF because of that.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. I mentioned, I think, in the last quarter's call, that once the S II was really shipping in volume, and people were able to open it up and benchmark it, I mean, it really, I think, opens a lot of people's eyes about what you can do with converged solutions. And as we try to pack all of these different bands and modes in, there is no question that for a large category of devices, size is going to be the primary driver in a lot of cases. And it's really hard to argue with what you can do with converged, especially with our PowerSmart 4G coming up next year, which will be even broader band, pick up a lot of the LTE bands, that currently, we have satellite PAs for. So we're going to have, I think, a real opportunity to help drive size down, while functionality goes up with that product line. So I think, RFMD is very uniquely positioned because we have true product leadership in converged PAs, clearly. We have the world's best performance in the 3G and 4G PAs, and then we also have all the switching capabilities, that is really required to drive LTE forward. So we're really unique and that we can help the baseband provider and the end customers make the right trade-offs, amongst all the different architectures.
Steven E. Creviston: It's actually not changed at all in the last quarter or 2. It's been pretty consistent, which is -- there are still no other direct competitors for full converged solutions that have power management and power amplifiers integrated. We know that everybody's working on them, generally working with third-party power management providers to try to come up with a combined solution. What people are doing to try to second source of converged PAs, is that they're doing highly-integrated hybrid PAs, which have multiple die in them, and 2G and 3G put into a single pack is just a reasonable substitute for the functionality that we have.
Steven E. Creviston: So it's -- it did grow into the single-digit millions, in the September quarter. It is on a ramp rate, which is slower than PowerSmart as we said, because it is a lot more discrete bits and so forth. But there is no question that it will also exceed the $100 million run rate next year.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, okay. So we've seen -- TD has been growing nicely throughout this year and will continue to grow next year. We think last quarter, it was between 10 million and 15 million units. Our own sales into that category was well into the mid-single-digit millions last quarter. So significant volume for us there already. I wouldn't describe TD as a hockey stick. It's been growing pretty well throughout the year as I said, and I think it's kind of on a, about a 35% to 40% compound growth rate, that's going to continue through next year. So it's already a very sizable market, and we're very well positioned. I think we have content on all the major baseband supplier reference designs and in all the phones that are shipping today.
Steven E. Creviston: It's a broader list of providers than what we're shipping with today. We have 4 baseband manufacturers that we're in kind of design alignment with, and system engineering and so forth. And so we expect it to be a very, very nice product for us. The second half of next calendar year is when we expect to be ramping that. And again, our current PowerSmart family is compatible with LTE. So I don't -- I want to make sure that's clear. I mean, the current PowerSmart product works in LTE mode. It's a question of which bands are supported within the integrated module versus having to add further discrete modules to support. The PowerSmart 4G LTE will have a more flexible digital interface, which allows it to hook up to more baseband manufacturers easily, and broader band, and slightly, a higher performance for LTE mode.
Steven E. Creviston: It's a challenging question to answer. I think that we're focused on doing the best that we can do, and we're not here to comment about our competitors and what their outlook or technology roadmaps are. Again, I'm just very proud of the team at RFMD and in CPG in particular, what we've been able to bring to the market across, again, many different platforms, and across different customers and baseband providers, just world-class performance. And I think it would be tough for any competitor to keep up with this now. We've got -- really have momentum behind us. And again, this comes from 4 years ago, when we changed our organization and our strategy, and we've carved off a big chunk of R&D resources, and took them out of our product development and put them into this real research and development role, to break world records about size or performance or cost. Those platforms are now coming out, so this is not something you can just create overnight. And so we're not anywhere near done. We're just getting started.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, the trends are very similar to what we've been talking about for several quarters now. The global phone, as you called it, is kind of an extreme case of a higher dollar content, where especially, with LTE, you can get RF content within $6 to $8 range. I think more meaningful, probably is the story, even within regional focus in China is a good example of that, where just going from 2G to 3G at all. And some of the 3G entry category, you mainly have 1 band of 3G but in a lot, you've got 2 bands of 3G, and then backward-compatible to multiple 2G bands as well. So that's just to be able to cover multiple regions within a given carrier's coverage. And so you're still seeing dramatic increases there in the RF, if you go from a couple of bands of 2G to adding to 3G the extra switch bands, and the duplexer content, you're still seeing about a multiplier of 2x to 3x of what you had in 2G by itself. So the global phone gets a lot of attention, and there's no question, that's a very high watermark for RF content. But at all tiers in between, I think you're seeing additional bands being brought in. Just to help the carriers kind of amortize their R&D expense for developing these very expensive platforms, across this many of their geographic regions as they can, not necessarily globally, but even within each region.
Steven E. Creviston: So I think we addressed a similar question earlier, which we had said that the 3G/4G content of the cellular business is now over 40% of our sales. We've said that we'll get that to at least half the cellular business by the end of this fiscal year. And longer term, you can see it getting to 3/4 of the cellular business.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. It's very much a part of the plan and, if anything, momentum has picked up for that category. We had switch filter modules shipping today. I think the real growth is when we include the duplexer. So you'll see switch duplexer models, very well-suited to go with the converged power amplifiers. So second half of next calendar year, I think, you can look at seeing meaningful revenues from those.
Steven E. Creviston: Absolutely. So at this point in time, there's always pressure on size, features, performance and so forth. And of course, cost. Right now, I think most of the emphasis is just on implementing LTE and getting good performance and in particular, efficiency. Thermal performance at max power whenever you're using LTE for what it was built for, which is to transmit a bunch of data, you're going to be at a high-power level most of the time, and in the thermal performance in the smartphones, since they are very, very tightly packed in there, has become a key brand [ph] criteria. That's why Phenom, that's where it really shines, that's why it has so much uptake.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. There's no question, as we're packing in so many new bands and adding LTE to all of the existing RF that's in there. And again, people tend to count power amplifiers and forget about the fact that there's also a lot more switches in there as well, especially, when you add diversity modes and so forth. So total dollar content, definitely grows with LTE.
Steven E. Creviston: So regarding the -- sorry, your first part of the question was about the overall share gains that we had versus how much we see the market itself growing, then I'll get to LTE. So first off, we do see the cellular market in units growing mid-single-digit this year, maybe mid- to high single-digits. I think we entered the year, most of us were looking for more like double-digit growth in the handset unit, so there's no question throughout the year that, that's been tempered by our sales, as well as the entire industry, I think, but still, it's up year in units but then, for the RF guys in particular, we definitely see dollar expansion. So we'll see more than that in terms of growth in our actual addressable market. And our plans, of course, are to get to 40% share overall, and that we want to do that by being 40% everywhere, very broadly diverse across tiers and customers. We're at that point or even a little better than that today in 2G. We're at that point or close to it, in at least 1 or 2 of the key customers that we're targeting. But there's no question the opportunity for us is to get there in 3G/4G, and we're nowhere near that today. So we've had a couple of great quarters of gaining share there. From the portfolio we have coming, we believe that we're going to be able to keep this momentum going and get to our 40% goal in the long term. Now regarding LTE itself, we see that as a tremendous opportunity next year, going from less than 20 million real units shipped this calendar year, probably to well over 100 million units next year of LTE. And switch from mainly, data modems to full smartphones and handsets that really, hit the mass market a lot higher. And so we see the opportunity for LTE, you had asked whether it's Phenom or PowerSmart, they both address it for different applications and different reasons. I think right now, we would probably say, they're both going to be addressing LTE. And Phenom, probably, I would guess the higher opportunity next year for LTE sales, but it really is across both platforms. And then, of course, our switches are really front and center. And in effect, a lot of cases that's kind of been the door opener for us in LTE. Our switches are required, in a lot of cases, an -- RFMD switches required to make the LTE solution work, and then we begin to bring our PAs and other solutions selling behind that. So we see really across all 3 of our major growth businesses targeting LTE.
Steven E. Creviston: So yes, I think we're being fairly conservative this year compared to historical seasonality. We're looking again at something in the mid-single-digit kind of sequential growth in December.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think it was, Ed, maybe 10 years ago. It was with CDMA, let's put it that way. Before wideband CDMA, that's a fair point.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Actually, Ed, I'm sorry if I represented the Qualcomm wins being in a Windows 7 phone. The PA wins that we were talking about were for the 3G entry marketplace.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'll go ahead and begin and talk a little bit about the 3G. And I believe it was, actually, our third quarter where we've grown greater than 50% sequentially, so it is very broad-based. And as we look forward, I'll let Eric address that. We're beginning to see some of the 3G expansion come from 3G entry in China. And in a lot of our commentary, the major players in China, Huawei, ZTE, that's already included in that growth rates that we're talking about greater than 50%, but we are very excited about a lot of more the domestic manufacturers, as they migrate from 2G to the 3G entry. And so being -- working with people like Qualcomm and MediaTek, we believe that is what's going to drive a lot of the growth, and expand our dollar content as things move forward, and then layering on also, our switch business.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, I think it is safe to say that we're being cautious again. There is concerns out there about the macroeconomic environment. Things are not as strong as what we expected at the beginning of the fiscal year. And as we have the last couple of quarters, we found it very prudent to take a cautious outlook. We do expect the market to grow, and we expect to be a share gainer in our cellular business.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: While Dean's looking that up, just to be clear, when we say China Inc., that excludes ZTE, Huawei. So we're looking at more of the white-box manufacturers.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think what's consistent is, what we said at one of the last conference we spoke at was that China was starting to come back, and we saw that in 2G and 3G entry along with TD-SCDMA.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sorry, Eric. I was just going to say, our product plans at Samsung, because it includes some of our MPG products as well. Today, we believe we're the #1 supplier to them, and it's our expectations next year, we will be the #1 supplier as well. And I think that's why Eric went through a lot of details about how broad-based we are a supplier to Samsung.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as PowerSmart goes, I don't like saying we reached our goal. Our goal is to continue to grow PowerSmart revenues through the next few fiscal years. And as you've commented there and Eric talked a little bit early in the call, of seeing our attach rate grow with the number of baseband manufacturers. We're working with 3 today, and look forward to continuing to work with more. So we haven't "reached our end goal with PowerSmart." We set it out there as a revenue target to help people understand what we believe was going to drive our growth in our cellular business. So as we look forward, we haven't achieved our goal yet. Our goal again is to see the industry, more broadly adopt this, whether it's the baseband manufacturers or the handset providers.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: What we said -- what we believe is going to be driving our growth as we move forward, is our 3G/4G components, which is Phenom, which is the PowerSmart, which is our switches, as well. And we really didn't want to get in the granularity of that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as China goes overall, I think there's a couple of different dynamics. As we mentioned earlier about the 3G entry market beginning to take off, clearly, that's a content expansion play, and we do believe we're taking share as a result of that. Also TD-SCDMA, ramping with 3 different baseband manufacturers, we saw very nice growth in the TD, which again, is an expansion in dollar content. And then we also layer on that, we did see the 2G market also firm up a little bit. And again, we talked about that later in the quarter, and then coupled with a lot of the Chinese manufacturers starting to adopt our switches as well.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So I think he wants Eric, a market comment on what we see the TD market and a little bit more about our progress.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think what we're expecting for now just in general, is normal seasonality. I think given the macro environment, it's just a little bit too early to tell what normality's going to be with the seasonal decline, as you pointed out. Clearly, there'll be some offset factored out also by price erosion, but given our product portfolio, we believe that we'll be able to do a little bit better than the market.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you but I think, Mr. Creviston loves this story. So I think, you're going to hear it from him instead of me. I hope that's acceptable.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. China this year actually, hasn't played out in the same pattern it typically does. We actually fell down a couple of quarters in the beginning. But I think as you pointed out, the expansion in dollar content going to 3G entry, coupled with TD-SCDMA, we're being cautious about China. As we've said many times on these calls, it runs hot and cold. We just don't always know when. So I think we're taking a cautious view there, but we are looking for China to be up.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. In closing, I'd like to reiterate that our product and technology leadership and our sharp focus on operational excellence are enabling RFMD to deliver broad-based market share gains, revenue growth and greatly improved financial performance. In the December quarter, we believe RFMD will once again, be a share gainer in the smartphone market, and we've got an impressive pipeline of products that position us well for calendar year 2012. We thank you for your interest in RFMD, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you as the quarter unfolds. Thank you and good night.
Robert M. Van Buskirk: Yes. Most of you are aware that over the years, our mission statement has been clearly, to express as power components and Compound Semiconductors. And in the background, we've been exploring opportunities to exploit our Compound Semiconductor capabilities, and with the announcement of CSG, we decided that it was really time to move from exploration into exploitation. And that's pretty much what we're doing, based on our Compound Semiconductor technology and our manufacturing excellence. And so within CSG right now, we really have 4 segments, if you will. We have a group we call our new Technology Commercialization Center, and their job is to sustainably incubate new opportunities for profitable growth. And they've actually identified a couple of them, I'll mention them in just a moment. We also put our Foundry Services business unit in there. And we're featuring GaN technology, as well as now, with gallium arsenide technology, and also NBDFE [ph] services. And there's been some landscape changes in the Compound Semiconductor foundry landscape, in particular, in North America. So that's given a little boost to our potential for gallium arsenide-based foundries. And then we also had been exploring concentrated photovoltaics for a while or CPV. We've been working with NREL, but now, we're looking for more meaningful participation in that market, and look for hopefully, some announcements there as we move into calendar '12. And then the other area is in what we call power conversion devices, which is a very exciting application of GaN in our non-RF markets. And so you can think of us developing devices there for applications, such as solar inverters and switchable power supplies for telecom and datacom. So pretty excited about it. Your specific question was the revenue this year, it's in the kind of low single-digit millions, and as we continue to work on our strategic plans for this group, we'll be able to talk more publicly about our expectations.
Robert M. Van Buskirk: Well, this is Bob Van Buskirk. What we talked about it, I think, going all the way back into the recession, where the CPG business snapped back out of it in the MPG business, which was pretty new to RFMD at that time, grew very steadily for 9 quarters. So based on our recent history, we're a little bit surprised as you can imagine, that we have 2 consecutive quarters, but I would think it is a fair assessment that the MPG markets typically, would not be down 3 quarters.
Robert M. Van Buskirk: I think the main challenge is, we've been working on power management for over 7 years. We've got a lot of intellectual property there. There is over 50 patents filed just around the power management part of PowerSmart itself. So we've got quite a -- we believe, at least an intellectual property fortress there. But more important, I think, just the know-how. And whenever you're working with a third party like that, you have to work with the specifications. So you have to define the interface. And to be able to tell the power management guy, what he needs to develop and then try it with their power amplifier, if it doesn't work, then they have to change one or the other. It would be a lot more cumbersome, of course, than what we're able to do internally here, where we can realtime, simulate the entire environment with the whole circuit, and make the right trade-offs between power manager, silicon versus gallium arsenide and the PA and where else in the module. So we've got a lot of handles to turn, and I think that probably is why we were able to get our product to market, that was as ground-breaking as it was. So I sure prefer our approach.
