William A. Priddy: Thanks Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the June quarter increased 4.4% sequentially to a quarterly record $293 million. CPG revenue was $237.7 million, up 5.3% sequentially and 55.8% year-over-year, and MPG revenue was $55.3 million, up 1% sequentially and 10.4% year-over-year. Our robust growth continues to reflect our sharp focus on diversification, category expansion and content gains in the large markets supporting data mobility. Gross profit for the quarter was $102.7 million, with gross margin of 35.1%. This is a great time to update you on RFMD's commitment to improve gross margin 300 to 400 basis points this year. We're off to a great start. We achieved 70 basis points of our goal in the June quarter, and we're tracking for continued margin improvement in the September quarter. There are 3 key margin drivers this fiscal year. And I'll give you the status of each. First, I'm pleased to report we have signed a definitive agreement to sell our U.K. fab. This is part of our overall flexible GAAP sourcing strategy, and this accounts for roughly half of the margin expansion goal. We expect the full benefit of this transaction will be realized in the December quarter. Second, our ultra low-cost CMOS PA has been fully released and is rapidly ramping production. We have demand for multiple millions of units in the September quarter, and that number is projected to more than double in the December quarter. This initiative represents approximately 100 basis points of margin expansion. Third, assembly capacity has been installed in our Beijing facility and is being qualified. We'll begin to realize the full benefit of this expansion during the December quarter. This represents approximately 50 to 100 basis points of the margin expansion. Our major margin drivers are all on or ahead of schedule. As a result, RFMD is pulling for significant financial leverage throughout the year as we anticipate revenue growth, margin expansion and relatively stable expenses. Returning to the P&L. Operating expenses were $74.7 million compared to $76 million last quarter, with G&A of $11.5 million, sales and marketing of $17 million and research and development of $46.2 million. Operating income for the June quarter was $28 million, representing approximately 9.6% of sales. Other income was $100,000 and non-GAAP taxes were approximately $2.5 million. Net income for the quarter was $25.6 million or $0.09 per diluted share, based on 287.1 million shares. Now going through the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments totaled $159.4 million. Cash flows from operations was $7.2 million. DSOs were 47.1 days compared to 46.6 days in Q4. RFMD's inventory balance of $166.9 million resulted in 8 -- in 4.8 turns, consistent with turns last quarter. Net PP&E was $193.3 million. Capital expenditures during the quarter were $27.2 million with depreciation of $11.6 million and intangible amortization of $7.2 million. Capital expenditures included investments in duplexer capacity, assembly equipment and equipment to reduce gold consumption. Now for the financial outlook and business commentary. RFMD currently believes the demand environment in our in-market supports the following financial expectations and projections for the September 2013 quarter: RFMD expects quarterly revenue to increase to approximately $305 million to $310 million; RFMD expects sequential gross margin expansion; RFMD expects a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 15%; and RFMD expects non-GAAP EPS of approximately $0.10 to $0.11. And with that, we'll open up the call to your questions.
William A. Priddy: I think it might what it does, that we're not expecting the China market for our growth this quarter. We're not necessarily -- in China, what's strong during the June quarter, as far as the September quarter, we're not counting on the China market to continue to grow to -- for us to be able to hit our growth expectation.
William A. Priddy: Well, the 300 to 400 basis points, we put that metric out last quarter as what we're committing to for gross margin improvement for the year. So I think with where we stand after the first quarter, and the initiatives that we've got, we clearly have checked one off with the sale of the U.K. fab. We're very far along with ramping the CMOS PAs. We've got the equipment installed in the Beijing facility. So we feel very comfortable hitting what we have committed to. Now obviously, our target gross model -- gross margin model, is, it's 40%. That's something that we're going to work hard to achieve sooner rather than later. And there are a lot of others initiatives that are underway that are going to help us achieve our target gross margin. That's something we're not committing to this year, because it happened. You could construct that scenario. But it would be something that I would expect achieving next fiscal year.
William A. Priddy: Yes. Clearly, December is a quarter to really watch for, in terms of us converging on the 300 to 400 basis points. I think in the September quarter, you could look at our contribution margin on the additional revenue, something similar to what we saw this past quarter, approaching 50%. And with that, if you would -- if you do the math, you're somewhere around what we achieved this quarter. In terms of a basis -- 50 to 70 basis points in margin expansion this quarter, so somewhere in that range. So we're, position ourselves about halfway to the low end of our guidance midway through the year.
William A. Priddy: Yes, we're not going to stay at the same rate and pay. So $2 million of that CapEx was for duplexer capacity. The other 2 significant chunks were gold savings. That's a one-time investment. And the other for additional assembly capacity in Beijing, we don't expect to be investing in additional assembly of, this -- again, this fiscal year. So we're going to expect to see CapEx come down very, very quickly, with the long cart [ph] being, we could see some additional investment in duplexer capacity.
William A. Priddy: As I pointed, the OpEx actually was down a bit in the June quarter. Going into the September quarter, we've got a very high rate of R&D activity going on. Now, I don't think it's going to break the bank. I think we're going to get back closer to what we were in the March quarter. So somewhere around $75 million to $76 million, probably for modest, $76 million would probably be a good number for modeling. So once again, stabilization of expenses, as we pointed out last quarter, something consistent for the rest of the year.
William A. Priddy: Yes, it could bump along in any given quarter. Up a $1 million or down $1 million. Just like we saw this quarter was down, this coming quarter might be up a little over $1 million. But there's something in that range.
William A. Priddy: Plus, we have outsource partners now that we qualified that could bring surge capacity if we start bumping up against headroom in our Greensboro facility. So very, very good shape from a generating the revenue standpoint and in gallium arsenide.
William A. Priddy: Yes, the -- what you had called about, the white-box manufacturers in the China market was in the low 20s or so as a percentage of revenue. And like I said, you might expect a little bit of a breather in the China market, in the September quarter. We could be a bit conservative there and could actually see some upside. But we're not counting on the growth that we forecasted from the China market, but last quarter was actually a very, very strong quarter for the China market.
William A. Priddy: Yes, well, next year will depend on several factors. And rather, we're sourcing the material internally out of our gallium arsenide facility or externally. Suffice it to say we expect continued margin improvement into FY '15. So I think that we'll just stick with the roughly 50% contribution margin. That would be a good number for now.
William A. Priddy: Yes, let's start with -- it was under the utilization of wafer fabs, and that overhang, which is now gone away or a big part of it. So we've laid out our margin improvement initiatives. We're very confident in achieving 300 to 400 basis points this year. And by the time we get to the end of the year, we're not going to look anything like last year.
William A. Priddy: Without this LTE would that it's hard to find a phone that doesn't have RFMD content. But I think Eric's better positioned to...
William A. Priddy: Well, if you look at the key margin drivers that we outlined, they're more or less independent of volume. And I wouldn't say that's a complete vacuum, but you don't need a lot of revenue growth to achieve the benefit of the sales in U.K.'s facility, or the CMOS PAs are really going to be replacing other parts that are currently in high-volume production. That's just a replacement, if you will, in a much lower cost version. And finally, the assembly in Beijing is just a matter of utilizing that versus using an external supplier. So those 3 things are more or less independent of volume. And if we were to get that volume upside, that could be a nice additional boost to margin.
William A. Priddy: Yes, Huawei and LTE are in addition to the white box numbers that we talked about. And by the end of the year, there may be a couple of more major manufacturers in China that we begin to break out as well, to be determined. But you're -- a few percentage points of revenue there for Huawei and ZTE.
Steven E. Creviston: No, I think that covers it. We're very, very excited about both ends of the smartphone market and the long relationships we've had, both with platform providers and the handset manufacturers in China give us a lot of opportunities as they begin to roll out LTE and eventually, TD-LTE systems and so forth, that where we see a lot of dollar content expansion.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. This is Eric, be happy to. First off, regarding that Amalfi part, just to remind everyone as well, that is the new ultralow cost part. It's about a 40% lower cost structure than what we've been shipping, either in GaAs or in CMOS up to this point. So it is really a disruptive new low-cost technology. We've been able to iron out the wrinkles and get it to a complete -- shipping millions this quarter, and tens of millions probably next quarter. So it is a very exciting product ramp and all the engineers now are completely focused on completing the 3G part as well. We expect to be sampling that pretty soon. And revenue's certainly possible this fiscal year.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, absolutely. We've -- you're right. It's been a big part of our growth up to this point. It has actually, sequentially now, we were up a bit as well in the June quarter, but not as the rapid rates that we've experienced in the past. We're currently expecting that to turn and head back up to fairly rapid growth again, beginning in the September quarter. So we still see a lot of opportunities for the SOI product. Of course, antenna control, tuners and so forth, but even more expansion of our Antenna Switch business and Received Diversity Switches. We mentioned in the press release, the bullet about our Carrier Aggregation Switches. We've been working on carrier aggregation for 3 years now, since AT&T first told us they wanted to put it in the network. And they have a very broad portfolio of antenna switch -- Antenna Switches, Received Diversity Switches, Antenna Tuners that are all carrier aggregation capable. And that's evidenced in the first LTE advanced handset that's ramping, and we're going to see a lot more of that activity in the coming quarters as everybody really tries to ramp the LTE capability to the point where really, your wireless mobile device is your fastest way to get data. And LTE has kind of gotten neck to neck with wired networks, the LT advance and carrier aggregation pushes it to the point where it's going to be much faster to get to your data over your wireless device than your wired home network, and that's really the breakthrough that everybody's driving and that's really driving directly towards our SOI activity.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure, this is Eric again. Yes, we've been working on complete system solutions now for several years, actually, in various levels of integration, multi-node, multi-band amplifiers and so forth. And increasingly adding filters and duplexers into our products. But more importantly, I think what we're all driving towards is helping the customer implement the incredible complexities that's coming from what I mentioned earlier, in trying to make sure your wireless device is your fastest data device. So that entire solution is what we're all providing to people at various levels of integration. I do think the products that you mentioned that raised the bar in terms of discussions with customers and helping them at a higher level, and that's right up our alley. I mean, it's more than just repackaging those components into a single package. It's a lot bigger than that. It's about solving the system-level problem, and we're comfortable with our architecture system's engineering expertise, the relationships we have with the platform providers that enable these things, that we are solving the problem at the right level and offering all the options the customers are looking for.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, I'm not exactly sure of the context of the question, you mentioned heating up and seeing more competition there. It couldn't get much hotter than it has been over this 10 years or so we've been doing this in that market, but, it's actually seems to be cooling down in terms of competition going forward, certainly in the 2G space, that's very consolidated now. And so there's not nearly as much competition there. And in 3G, the bar is quickly being raised to LTE, and again SOI switch capability and tuning and all the things we're seeing in the traditional smartphone market is now becoming very important down market and even in the entry category. So I guess I don't see the trend that you're referring to.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, so when you talk about how it might impact our profitability initiatives, I mean that's actually one of our profitability initiatives, is to ramp that ultra low-cost capability into that incredibly high-volume market. And so we -- I guess the bottom line is you're right. It's an aggressive, competitive market, as it always has been. However, it's a fastly growing market with lots of units and a lot of opportunity to make a lot of money.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure, so I think you're correct in assuming it could mean a different mix of basebands, if you will, share, if you will, in the TD market as that ramps. However, in terms of implication starts in [indiscernible], we really don't see that as being too impactful, because we are truly represented on all of the manufacturers that are shipping into both TD-SCDMA and TD LTE as well.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, absolutely. It is pretty exciting. Again, we were on the leading edge of carrier aggregation from the beginning in terms of total system architecture on the front end, and the whole thing was delivered twice the day rate to the consumers in their mobile devices. So we've got a fairly good visibility into the carrier aggregation rollout. The system providers I think are ready, and so they're ready for devices to be rolled out. You're going to see multiple devices. You've seen, the first LTE advanced phone now shipping at -- in Korea with RFMD parts in it, to support carrier aggregation. But it really begins to roll out in earnest, first half of next year, I think, is when it's going to be basically table stakes for LTE devices to have carrier aggregation and throughout the year. It'll grow to about 25% of the total LTE shipments probably during 2014.
Steven E. Creviston: Well like I said in general, our 50% share in 2G is about where we want to be. So with that ultra low cost CMOS, we're basically improving the profitability of our own portfolio through that transition. There may be opportunities to pick up more share, but where we are today, we're going to make sure that we're holding ASP erosion as low as possible. There's considerably less competition in that space now, and so we're going to be very sensitive to maintaining pricing where it is, and just drive cost out to get more profit.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I guess you have an assumption that we're replacing something that I don't think we even commented on. So I'm sorry, Cody, I'm not sure exactly how to answer that. We see the smartphone market extremely healthy. We see our ability to expand our content hasn't changed. We continue to expand the products that we offer these people. They continue to advance and complexity continues to grow. In the press release, we talked about carrier aggregation. Funds are beginning to ramp with that, which expands our dollar content. I think we're still very bullish on the market.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, our visibility into our components. We've got very good visibility. We see strong uptake and I think last year, China for us, was still pretty strong at this point in time. I can't speak to "end product inventory." We don't have visibility into that, but our customers continue to pull very hard from our hubs, and we're seeing strength right now.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'll go ahead and take it, it was my comment. That's a rather straightforward calculation. It was actually looking at what our revenues were as a cellular industry, divided by the number of handsets that we believe were built. So if we look at that, that's how we come up with that. And clearly with where we're at, we've got a lot of room for growth as we continue to expand. Again, the products that we sell into the smartphones, coupled with our ability to grow our share.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, Dean alluded a little bit to that. But I think it's safe to say we've taken a conservative stance with our largest customer, the China market, and the timing of new product brands. So I think that's a fair assessment. However, we'll wait and see how the quarter plays out.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And this is Bob, and I'll take the first part. Because I'm sure Eric would absolutely love to be able to answer that question. But, as you know, that's a very sensitive topic, and we really can't answer that. But I'm sure Eric can speak to the SOI question.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ed, I think I've got this. Now, yes we expect our GaAs utilization to go up. We also expect our GaN business, as you mentioned there, to go up and that's also running the same fab so that will also help drive utilization. We do expect the SOI and CMOS, as well as Silicon Germanium, for that matter, to become a larger part of our portfolio. So we do not anticipate any significant capital to expand fab capacity over the next year or 2. I mean, our utilization is still nowhere near running optimal.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think it's safe to say we do expect to see a return on the investment, but as my comments earlier, this is a very sensitive topic and I think for now, I'd rather not comment.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, 10% customers, we had 1, and 80% was 3G, 4G. And I did want one clarification on the China market. I wouldn't make the assumption that, that was primarily 2G. I think it was split pretty evenly between 2G and 3G entry. So we're seeing quite a bit of uptake of 3G entry in the China market.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Coupled with Eric, I know earlier in the call, she may have missed it, your comments about how much lower cost this next generation CMOS PA is, at 40% less cost, I mean...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So when we move to all LTE phones, including voice-over LTE, how is our content affected? So it depends upon your baseline. I suppose, of course, it continues to grow. If you went from 2G to 3G, and then on to 4G and then to LTE as well. Our content is tied not only to the LTE versus 3G, but also to whether it's got a carrier aggregation and, for example, and how many tutors and what sorts our employees in the antenna and so forth. So our content is not just tied to just the system standard and it's not just power amplifiers anymore, by any means. We have a very broad portfolio, switches and antenna tutors and power management to come along in WiFi, of course, in addition to that. So it's just much broader than speaking about just when it becomes LTE how much does our content go up.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: From a high-level perspective, we are expecting CPG to grow faster than MPG. So we'll start with that. So from a gross margin perspective, as you know, CPGs margins are a little bit lower than MPGs, so that's kind of going against us. Your point on the CMOS PA, we're beginning that ramp, the majority of that is still legacy products. So it will have some favorability that as well.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well, I'll start, and guys, feel free to jump in. China, as we discussed, I think we've taken a conservative view on the demand there. You also commented that at our largest customer, we've taken a conservative view and also being careful on the timing of new program ramps. Let's be honest, all our customers are different. That's what we get paid to do, is to help our judgment on how this is all going to play out, and that's how we came up with our guidance.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well it clearly is a very low margin product currently, and the one we're ramping would be accretive to current margins.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We're targeting to hold our overall share roughly where it is today, at about 50% overall in the 2G space. And the goal of course is to maintain pricing where it is today, as we transition from the GaAs parts to the CMOS parts. So just see, basically holding share, minimal impact on revenue as margins improved.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, Harsh, 2 things Eric loves to talk about is envelope tracking and carrier aggregation. I appreciate that. As we said, and I think Eric even commented on it, we've already began shipping that, but I think the majority of the volume's going to be next year, and increasing throughout the year. But I'll let Eric add some color.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So Harsh, we'll be migrating over the legacy CMOS product along with our GaAs products to this ultra low-cost CMOS PA.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. RFMD is increasing our content and our customers' flagship programs. We are generating multiple points of margin improvement, and our OpEx is flattening. Accordingly, we believe we are well-positioned this fiscal year to deliver record revenue and significant operating leverage and earnings growth. We look forward to updating you on our progress and meeting with investors at upcoming investor conferences. Thanks again, and good night.
Norman A. Hilgendorf: Yes, sure. Hi, this is Norm. The -- in wireless infrastructure, things have actually been rather kind of moving in a measured pace, I would say, for the last few quarters. We've been expecting a big buildout for quite some time, to deal with the crush of data going through the networks. And yet, there seems to be a fair amount of pent-up demands there. We're seeing a pretty good pace of LTE equipment builds in North America. We will also see some signs of increases, requirements over in China for TD LTE. But Europe continues to be pretty soft. We do see some consolidation or structural change in the industry as well, with some of the OEMs as well. So we're still a bit cautious, I think, but hopeful for some strength in the second half.
Norman A. Hilgendorf: Yes, that's right. So we're talking WiFi, and relative to a year ago, the number is correct. Up 77% on all the WiFi and there's mobile, CPE, automotive, everything all in there. The first ramping area we had was for -- really is in handsets earlier -- late, late last year. And currently, a lot of the growth is driven by CPE. We're seeing a big move for more infrastructure out there. So the routers and access points are driving a lot of the requirements here. Set-top boxes, and other consumer equipment as well. So we saw a real strong push this last quarter in the CPE area, which is a -- it was a good fit, as we've got a very broad sales network reaching a lot of customers there on WiFi. Relative to kind of quarter over quarter trend, yes, we're -- as the numbers get bigger, the percentage increases do appear smaller. But we still have very strong growth in the coming quarters.
Norman A. Hilgendorf: Just as you see in each of these trends, there's a broad range, right? So I mean, you're actually beginning to see entry LTE phones on the drawing board as well, right? So they'll be LTE phones as well that might have a lower content than you're expecting in the smartphones today. There are definitely a large volume of LTE phones so they have $10 to $12 worth of our [indiscernible] content, that is absolutely true. So the average content goes up generation over generation.
