Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you, Doug, and welcome everyone. We’re very happy to report that RFMD delivered an exceptionally strong fiscal 2015 first quarter. Quarterly revenue increased sequentially by 24% to $316 million, gross margin expanded sequentially by 500 basis points to 47.1%, and earnings per share doubled sequentially to $0.24. Revenue, gross margin and earnings per share were all significantly above the guidance provided on April 29. RFMD’s execution to a financial model has produced a dramatic improvement in operating results. Gross margin has expanded year-over-year by 12 full percentage points and operating margin has expanded year-over-year by more than 15 full percentage points. RFMD’s financial performance reflects a number of factors including favorable market dynamics, crisp execution by the RFMD team, and a broad slate of structural initiatives targeting growth, diversification and margin expansion. RFMD is benefiting from multiple long-term secular trends that are in the early stages of adoption, they are supporting a wave of connectivity and inter-connectivity that is playing out globally across a broad range of wireless air standards. We are connecting in our homes, in the work place on our (indiscernible) in our cars and up to the cloud and back, this is distinctly favoring our RFMD in our ability to deliver highly integrated and highly specialized solutions that simplify design, reduce complexity and shrink product footprint. In doing so, we are accelerating the time to market of some of the world’s most popular devices and delighting our customers. RFMD is increasingly responsible for the link that connects the cloud with the underlying devices and networks enabling our connected world. RF is a critical building block enabling the Internet of Things and this is growing our addressable content opportunities. Looking first at handsets, half of the world’s handsets shipping today average less than $1 of RF content and that’s increasing to several dollars over a multi-year period as the demand for data requires incremental RF content. Whether you look at entry level devices or flagship smartphones, the RF content is growing generation over generation across market segments and geographies. That supporting growth for high performance RF solutions that’s well above the growth rate forecasted for handsets, in fact we see nearly a $1 billion of TAM growth in cellular RF this year and more than $1 billion of growth in the cellular RF industry next year. Compounding this, RFMD is enjoying broad based design traction in new growth areas like antenna tuning, impedance tuning, diversity switches, power management circuits, highly integrated antenna switch modules and RF Fusion. We are very excited to bring to market RF Fusion, which is a highly integrated RF front-end solution containing the industry’s leading components in one very small placement. We continue to expand our customer engagements on RF Fusion, and we plan to commence production later this year. The cellular industry is in the early stages of rolling out new technologies like envelope tracking, carrier aggregation and later Transmit MIMO, all of these expand our content and add complexity to the device thereby increasing the demand for highly integrated RF solutions. In the markets served by RFMD’s Multi-Market Products group, the broadband connectivity is proliferating across tablets PCs, PC peripherals, routers and access points, consumer devices, automotive, industrial and home automation and medical applications. We are expanding our product offerings and leveraging our leadership position across multiple long-range and short-range wireless standards to target the incremental growth opportunities in these complementary markets. RFMD is also a beneficiary of rapid deployment of infrastructure, especially LTE infrastructure in China, which continues to expand the demand for MPG, higher performance base station components. So from a very high level, RFMD’s fiscal 2015 is off to a very strong start. We’re pleased with our financial performance in the June quarter, and our outlook for the year anticipates revenue growth, industry leading gross margins, operating leverage, significant earnings per share growth and strong free cash flow. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Dean.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you, Dean. We at RFMD have often said, it’s an exciting time to be in RF. Today, we can say, it’s an even more exciting time to be creating a new leader in RF solutions, a leader with expertise in mobile device, and complex infrastructure and global defense applications. By combining two companies with highly complementary products and technologies, we are creating a leading market participant with significant revenue growth opportunities, excellent customer and product diversification, unmatched access to critical enabling technologies with broad manufacturing scale. We see NewCo unlocking significant shareholder value over multiple years in the form of cost, expense and revenue synergies. Looking at our markets, we see increasing revenue opportunities in the deployment of new communication protocols in both handsets and in underlying networks to support them, this robust environment is increasingly favoring the RF suppliers that can meet our customers and platform providers’ most critical requirements relating to performance, cost, budget and scale. Our industry is early in the adoption of 4G LTE and 802.11ac and even earlier in the adoption of carrier aggregation and Envelope Tracking. The proliferation of these technologies will play out over many years followed by cellular transmit MIMO. For NewCo, this means exciting growth opportunities. NewCo will combine the industry’s most comprehensive product and technology portfolios with a relentless commitment to achieving the industry’s lowest cost. We were at multiple revenue tailwinds at our back and the combined benefit of best practices from both organizations. We will combine the scale advantages and intellectual capital of two large industry pioneers with the agility and first mover advantages of a recognized technology innovator. As an update, RFMD announced on June 17, the exploration of the HSR Act waiting period satisfied one of the conditions required to complete the pending business combination with TriQuint. The business combination is still subject to approval by both TriQuint’s and RFMD’s shareholders, other required regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. And we continue to anticipate successful close later this year. In the meantime, our companies continue to collaborate to prepare for the integration, we’re making tremendous progress, and we anticipate successful close this calendar year. And with that, we’ll open up the call to your questions.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, this is Bob. Let me share with those on the phone what we’re hearing. What we’re hearing is, we are seeing the migration of 2G, 3G phones to 4G phones. We are very early on in that adoption rate, very early in the process. And quite honestly, our margin performance as Dean said has really been through a lot of great work by the organization of taking cost out, managing their product portfolios and designing products for costs. So what we see is great tailwinds in our industry coupled with a lot of great work that our team is doing to continue to drive our top line and our bottom line in the future.Harsh V. Kumar – Stephens, Inc.:  Hey guys, thank you and congratulation on a tremendous job.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, I’m not sure, exactly, Mike what they said as far as seasonality goes into the December quarter, but it’s currently our expectations. From an industry perspective, we do expect growth. So, obviously, as we plan to continue to grow as fast as the industry – or as fast as the industry and that’s our expectations at this time.Mike Burton – Brean Capital LLC:  Great, thanks guys and congrats.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, Vivek, I don’t like to comment on anyone customers you all know, but we’re expecting growth but our top customers dropped the balance of the year and it’s really as much about the dollar content increases that we’re seeing. Again of this major shift from 2G to 3G and 3G to 4G LTE, you know, driving a lot of content because we’re going from dimes to dollars, I mean, that’s really part of this and the unit demand for the year and handsets actually be flat in total units, but the RF content is going to be up significantly.Vivek Arya – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Great, Thank you.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, I will start within and try to remember all the questions along the way. Actually the margins not surprised us, I mentioned at Stephens conference earlier this year that our margins were tracking ahead of what our guidance was, so we knew the end that there was going to be a big quarter, great quarter from margins and yeah we’ve been talking now for two to three quarters that we fully expect RFMD to achieve the industry leading gross margins. So absolutely it’s not a surprise internally because we’ve had this goal now for quite a while. And yeah, a lot of the cost reduction efforts that have contributed primarily to the margin improvement. Also some of the tough decisions on manufacturing foot print and also the flexible sourcing strategy that we have. And the future are – definitely our product portfolio maintenance and management will play into the margin but we are going to maintain that and focus on product calls. I think you have to have that in order to continue achieving the industry leading gross margins. And just a couple of metrics to you, in the past five years our depreciation as percent of sales has gone from just under 10% down to about 4%, so we are actively managing our capital base along with the product call structure, and also it’s slight loss when you look at our balance during that timeframe and how much revenue we can now achieve on such a lower capital base for the company it’s a new day for RFMD.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Eric, do you want to address?Edward Slighter – Charter & Equity Research:  The question is about mix between us, so I guess…
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I can’t comment specifically but I believe some of that with our foundry business but we’re not walking away from any business, we’ve got a 100 group as we’re going to get as much business as they can.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well in the NewCo area, there is the assembly where RFMD currently does, most of its assembly internal and I think that’s an opportunity for TriQuint since they do most of their or do their assembly external. So we will be bringing as much of that in-house as quickly as possible. Also on filters as we begin sourcing filters internally as opposed to externally and there is always – when we look at the manufacturing footprint, we’ll be (indiscernible) that hard and see what’s optimal for new NewCo. On the expense side, there are redundant positions and you don’t need to this or to that and – and so there will be some synergies related to redundancy and there is also savings related in areas like insurance and audit fees and so far. So we have specifically identified every synergies required to hit the $150 million and we would like to keep ongoing reserve.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Production – actually the utilization rate in our gas facility didn’t really change so much quarter-over-quarter. We can easily get out 30% to 40% more production out of that facility. So again, we’re able to achieve our margin targets without so much increases in utilization as it was pure cost reductions. So again we can get quite a bit more gallium-arsenide base revenue out of our existing bricks and mortar.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As Eric pointed out, we are playing with the major players, and I think Duckworth visibility. We see their production plans, we see what their sell-throughs are? We have meetings to talk about those things, I would say our relationship with them are no different than what we have with Samsung or other leading OEMs.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: No. We continue to see this transaction between try put in order can be closing in the second half of this calendar year just as we originally released in the press release.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Actually, I would say the most growth going forward is going to be leveraging all of them in one application. As we said, the opportunity for us is to take each of these differentiated component technologies and really create something very differentiated by putting them all together in unique ways for customers. I think that’s really the keys to the future growth.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well, really the fact that we’re going to that complete system is really a key part of the competitive dynamics is very few companies can do. Especially when we get NewCo we combined truly best in class filter technologies across all the different types right (indiscernible) all within one house combined with the best in class switch technologies and power amplifier technologies with the systems architects that we have and the packaging capability that we get from both companies. And you just get to the point where there is very, very few people in the world that can do that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think, Harsh in 2G I would say the barrier was a lot lower. 3G maybe a little bit higher, 4G much higher and now as we – now bring together as you pointed out all these different technologies and capabilities. It’s one thing to have a disciplined in one of them, but to bring them altogether and really understand, how to optimize the performance and leverage the advantage of each one of the technologies is pretty complex and takes a lot of learning. And it takes a large number of people, the good news for our industry is customers as they are pointed out, when you describe the RF Fusion, it’s not a one size fits all it has to be flexible and scaleable, so you also need a large group of very experienced RF talent, and quite honestly in the world today, there isn’t a lot of RF experienced talents and we’ve done a good job along with TriQuint and some of our other competitors are building up a strong team and it takes the team a large team to be able to enter this markets. We’ve seen several people over the years enter and exit the market and very few of us has stayed there the whole time and what it does take is the proper technologies on the right road map with the right team and the right customer relationships to be successful.Harsh V. Kumar – Stephens, Inc.:  Hey Bob, as a twist to that question. Can I ask you, if there was a third party that offer to buy a bunch of these products from you guys in the industry and put it together. Is there a room, is there role for such guys are will company such as yourself and Skyworks in Avago was, but you can do this yourself.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, how much I understood the question. But, if you are asking what our industry a lot of margin sacking and getting between us and our customers, our current customer base, I am not so sure that model – business model would actually work.Harsh V. Kumar – Stephens, Inc.:  Got it. No I think you answered my question. Thanks guys. Congratulations again.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I can answer that second one very quickly, yes. And I can only say I was part of the great team in the cost reduction efforts. They touch so many organizations and it's now also touching the design engineering community and throughout the company. So it's really been a companywide project. And you ask how far a long are we or what was the second part.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research:  The second part is how much you guys are in such a big gain in the gross margins and the program has been swing for like you said 15 months just over a year. So the big question is how much more capacity we had from cost reductions giving you right now. And so, I am just trying to get idea what you see it in the arc of the curve, I mean obviously, when you first started this all ahead of you now it would seen the most of its behind you.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. A good part, a good part percentage of the $150 million in cost reductions is factored into the numbers now, not all of it, but a good percentage of it. But the second thing Eric mentioned that the product portfolio and what’s going on there I don’t think that’s been fully baked into our performance going forward and also I mentioned the design for costs. That’s a huge element of the suitability of the margin profile going forward. So, I mean we are continuously adding new projects to the cost reductions. I mean that the list of 75 to 85 may be little down now to 35 or 40 but each month we continue to add projects to the list. So we see it’s an never ending journey of the relentless pursue of cost reductions and the intersection of product leadership. We think that’s going to give RFMD the highest margin structure in the industry and we will sustain that.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research:  And final question TriQuint said several times now including the yesterday’s call that customers have actually asked them to work closely with you on product development and apparently if it’s a customer request it doesn’t fall under the anti-trusts provisions et cetera. Has that started in earnest or you working is it spread across all customers is it only a couple of them or they largely small and it has started in earnest so that just maybe a shorter time to market after the companies merged to get products that are combining both of your sweet of devices.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ed we have find three way NDAs between our customers TriQuint and ourselves so that we can get our technology and product growth that’s a line for our customers as you have just commented it was they request not ours. I know a lot of people asked what was the customer reception like and I am talking leading Tier 1 OEMs have asked us to work together with three way NDAs so that they can take advantage of the bringing together on the technologies and architectures that we bring together that Eric start to talk about. So, it’s being embraced very well by the industry.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research:  Thanks.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We thank you for joining us tonight. RFMD is enjoying positive market dynamics creating sustainable long term opportunities for revenue growth and versification. We’re positioned better than ever to translate our diversified growth into superior financial performance. Thanks again and good night.
William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon everyone. The June quarter was strong for RFMD with record revenues, record gross profit and record earnings per share. Revenue for the June quarter was up 24% sequentially to $316.3 million. CPG revenue was $261 million, and MPG revenue was $55 million. The revenue strength was broad-based and well diversified, and RFMD had two 10% customers. Gross margin for the June quarter increased to 47.1%, that’s up over 500 basis points sequentially, and 12 points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $70 million, compared to $74 million last quarter, with G&A of $11 million, sales and marketing of $16.5 million, and research and development of $42.6 million. Operating income for the June quarter was $78.9 million, representing approximately 25% of sales. Non-GAAP taxes were approximately $7.7 million, and net income for the quarter was $71.3 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, based on 294.6 million shares. Moving to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled approximately $196.6 million. RFMD repaid $87.5 million of convertible debt during the quarter, and is now debt free. Cash flow from operations was $36.3 million, and free cash flow was $26.5 million. DSOs were 52.9 days and RFMD’s inventory balance was $142.9 million, resulting in turns of 4.9. Net property and equipment was $196 million, and capital expenditures during the quarter were $9.8 million, with depreciation of loan for an $8 million and intangible amortization of $7 million. Before we go to the guidance section, I’d like to provide some additional color on our much improved financial outlook. Which June gross margin above model and operating margin at model, you might be wondering what we anticipate going forward? The top line trends have been well established and we believe we are in the early innings of strong revenue growth. We are delivering product leadership and revenue diversification. 2G revenue now accounts for less than 10% of CPG revenue and 3G, 4G revenue continues to climb. RFMD’s comprehensive portfolio of industry leading products includes all the necessary building blocks to satisfy the industry’s most demanding specifications. We have streamlined our manufacturing footprint and we are laser focused on achieving the lowest possible call structure. In short, we’ve seen expanding TAM, coupled with much lower fixed cost and intense focus on all areas of products or costs. We believe the stage is set for continued strong margin performance at or above model, and significant leverage to the bottom line. Now, for the financial outlook and business commentary for the September quarter. RFMD expects quarterly revenue to increase to approximately $345 million. RFMD expects non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately flat to up 25 basis points sequentially. RFMD expects non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately flat. RFMD expects a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 10% to 15%, and RFMD expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $0.27. With that, I’ll hand the call back to Bob for comments on our proposed combination with TriQuint, after which we’ll open up the call for questions. Thank you.
William A. Priddy: Yeah, I might point out that the margin structure on all of our products have improved because of the steps that we’ve taken across our supply chain and our manufacturing facilities I mean we’ve taken 40% or better out of the variable calls for wafer in our Gallium Arsenide facility so what might have been lower margin products to us, two to three years ago are perfectly good margin products to us today, so we are opened for additional business.
William A. Priddy: Yeah, our contribution margin was at normally how this quarter (indiscernible) increase in gross margin quarter-over-quarter. Its margins begin to stabilize. The contribution margin is probably somewhere in the 50% to low 50% range, so it’s not that just similar from what TriQuint says yesterday. Regarding CapEx, where we’re targeting capital expenditures is primarily assembling task which is extremely quick payback areas and also some areas that we see – we’re going to be able to sit towards very, very quickly for NewCo and I can’t remember the third part of your question.
William A. Priddy: Yeah, well beyond and you are assuming that NewCo is in existence and as you know there are so many variables at play there, you may see the tax rate temporarily tick up just a bit, but we’ve got lot of the opportunity for some significant tax paying strategy and I believe that our merger partner has done a very, very good job in those strategies already, so we fully intent to take advantage of that.Quinn Bolton – Needham & Company:  Great, thank you.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure, even in June we had actually totally upside to what we guided was due to high tier, actually in LTE smartphones, and we think that’s of course going to carry today end of September. We do expect China to be strong, but if you kind of rank the growth drivers for CPG, at least in September, the top two are going to be our top two customers, but marquee flagship phone launches which typically come out in the fall, and then China will be there as well adding some of the growth.Mike Burton – Brean Capital LLC:  Okay, and then both (indiscernible) provided us some insight into – their insight into the December quarter, I know it’s clearly too early to guide for it, but given some of the ramps you are heading in your business right now and I wonder if you could provide us some of your thoughts on how to think about the December quarter and seasonality for the industry? Thanks.
Steven Eric Creviston: Thanks for the opportunity, our supply base has just done a fantastic job of supporting us in the ramp and in our business in SOI for that I appreciate, we do have multiple sources as you pointed out, we are able to qualify our products at multiple sources and shift them to multiple customers, so just team has done a great job of qualifying this, our customers have done a great job, I really do want to thank our supply base for allowing us to be able to grow and continue to grow our business going forward.
Steven Eric Creviston: As far as handset inventory in China, we are not think we have been seeing is – what we are hearing is we’ve got this massive shift 2G,3G to 4G and what we are looking at it as a multiyear event that’s going on and for us it’s gone from dimes to dollars, macro trends we are not hearing anything but pay attention guys. This massive shift is going on and taking place, so please continue to support us.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure. I think the question on that the global trend its towards higher levels of integration. So you mentioned a couple of other solutions that’s out there and what we are really all trying to do is enable the proliferation of LTE and help our customers get to market quicker, with better performing and said that can match the global needs of mobile data. And so, we are integrating in a very high level, what we are going. We believe differently is starting with best in class component technologies. We have to say as part of the margin expansion we seem to tie this all in, it’s the fact that we have been ahead of the trends in the industry we’ve been investing per leadership at the component level. Now we brought a very differentiated products solutions. And that also as contributing toward what you are seeing in the financials today and taking those then working with customers with our architecture and systems engineers and advance packaging technology, its really bring out the world's smallest and highest performance RF front ends to the solutions, that what we believe we have with our fusion. The first as we said before that we spent the time getting the component technologies reflected in our doing the integration level with the best six customers now and many multiple hands that can easily be go into production soon.
Steven Eric Creviston: Right, it is typically what we’re finding is – is the solution is well suited to the mid year we have of course 2G functionality in there and then between six and eight bands of 3G, 4G are generally included, in some solutions we have the ability to tap out where we have all the power suppliers internally, but we can tap out for external filters to make them bands specific. We’re really seeing a lot of excitement with the customers that the things they can do with us a very flexible, scalable solutions like this for the vast majority of the R&D is absorbed into this one single placement FOX and then they could still customize for different product and regionalization by adding different filters for example on the outside. So it will vary and but we think in general, it’s a very highly compact solution that means six to eight bands of 3G to 4G usually within the box.Quinn Bolton – Needham & Company:  Great. And then just Transmit MIMO is mentioned a couple of times in the prepared script. When do you see Transmit MIMO starting to be deployed and then I’ve got a couple of quick questions for Dean.
