Steven Eric Creviston - President: Thanks, Bob. In the September quarter, Qorvo grew revenue 12% year-on-year, $708 million when compared to RFMD and TriQuint on a combined basis. Year-over-year growth was led by mobile, up 19% to $578 million. In IDP, revenue declined 13% year-over-year to $129 million due to the $24 million year-over-year decline in wireless infrastructure revenue. Outside of wireless infrastructure, IDP revenue grew approximately 6% year-on-year. Qorvo had two 10% customers, the larger at approximately 41% of revenue representing the aggregate demand of multiple subcontractors for this end customer. Our second 10% customer during the quarter was Huawei. Gross margin was 49.7%, down sequentially from 51.5% and up from 47.4% in the prior year period for RFMD and TriQuint on a combined basis. Product mix drove the sequential decline. Operating expenses were $156.8 million for the September quarter, down $2 million sequentially. Year-on-year, operating expenses grew at half the rate of revenue growth. Within OpEx, R&D grew 14% sequentially as we pursued major growth opportunities, while sales and marketing and general administrative expenses declined. I should say grew 14% year-on-year. The realization of synergies is allowing Qorvo to appropriately invest in product and process development, while driving towards our operating expense model. Operating income was $194.8 million, up 28% from the year ago period for RFMD and TriQuint combined. This strong growth was led by our mobile products business unit, which on a preliminary basis, achieved about 30% operating income, while growing the top line by 19%. Net income for the September quarter was $183.3 million or $1.22 per diluted share. This compares favorably to our original guidance of $1.10 per diluted share. Turning to the balance sheet, total cash and investments were $195.6 million and cash flow from operations totaled $168.8 million. Capital expenditures were $80.3 million, primarily to address growth and demand for our premium filters. Finally, the company repurchased approximately 9.1 million shares at a total cost of $500 million. This week our board authorized a new one year $1 billion share repurchase program, which we plan to implement on an opportunistic basis. In the nine months since Qorvo's formation, revenue has grown 25% from the same period in the prior year, while non-GAAP operating income has nearly doubled. We're proud of this performance and are excited about our opportunities in the coming year. Synergy achievement is on track, led by the consolidation of test and assembly into our China operations. We're introducing an expanded set of new products combining switches and filters and leveraging our broad set of competencies, including BAW filter and gallium nitride process technologies, and all of this is creating exciting new growth opportunities for Qorvo. Now let's turn to our business outlook. Qorvo believes the current demand environment and its end products support the following non-GAAP expectations for the quarter ending January 2, 2016. Quarterly revenue of approximately $720 million to $730 million, gross margin of approximately 50%, a tax rate of approximately 10% and diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.25 to $1.30, based on approximately 147 million shares. We think calendar 2016 will be a strong year for Qorvo and believe we will fully achieve our target operating model of 30% operating income over the full year, while building a robust and defensible technology mote. Actual quarterly results may differ from these expectations and such differences may be material. We currently expect to report December quarter results on February 4. With that, we welcome your questions.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. In China, for the mobile group, I think we are beginning to see some improvement. For sure, it's good, not great yet. But we're definitely seeing a bit of a rebound as Bob said. Inventory levels are definitely in check now. The 4G adds have been very, very stable so we're starting to see a pick up. Design win activity in particular is very, very strong right now. That's not going to affect the December quarter particularly. But early 2016, I think we'll see a really nice rebound.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Well, yeah. Yeah, you're right. That's been a real focus area for us. And first of all, I want to point out, Mike, there's never been any issue with the relationships. So it hasn't been about relationships at all. In fact we're – we've had very long and deep relationships across all tiers of both of those companies. It's been about product placement and having the right products for them. And as you know, Samsung made the leap up the integration curve a generation earlier than we thought. We weren't ready as TriQuint and RFMD, but that's exactly why we formed Qorvo. We worked hard all year and I'm much, much more happy with the content opportunities we're going to see early 2016 with Samsung; and really, the same applies to MediaTek. We entered phase two a quarter or two behind our largest competitor. We're now a quarter or two further down the road. We're seeing tremendous design activity there and I think we're going to see the share come back to where it ought to be on MediaTek as well, early 2016.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Sure. Well, we could say an awful lot about that. The general trends that drove 2015 are going to continue into 2016, 2017 and 2018 where we're seeing just that incredible increase in mobile data and the complexity that's driving in the RF front end. Adding to that now, of course, carrier aggregation being brought in, in multiple bands and multiple regions, it's having a multiplier affect really. If you look at the complexity in those front ends, it takes so much R&D to get a phone to market that customers are trying to cover more markets with fewer models, right. And when you do that, that just fundamentally drives up the amount of RF in each model. And when you do that, the amount of complexity drives you to integration and that's exactly where we come in. And when you look at integrating all that complexity, it turns out there's a lot of switching in there and there's a lot of high performance filters and that's where we're well positioned. So it's really more of the same, just increasing in complexity and content over the next few years. It's not isolated to any one or two or three OEMs; it's across every tier. So you've got some people in the performance range that are growing to premium and global skews, but you've also got those that are going from regional 4G phones up to multi-regional or even global export phones. So across really all tiers and all OEMs. We think the opportunities for content growth are very well aligned with Qorvo's investments.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. The multiplexers were an important part of the portfolio to solve some very important carrier aggregation bands. We are seeing interest once again at all levels of the portfolio. At the higher end tiers, it's even higher orders of multiplexing than what we've so far announced. The ones that are in the market today are very well suited for more of the China and Europe, more regionalized skews, but we're developing as you can imagine hexaplexers as well and pentaplexers to complement the quadplexers we have on the market today. So we'll be seeing a lot of attention for those across all tiers.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. It's a bit of a complicated question actually because many customers are working with both for different parts of their portfolios. So in general, of course, the RF Fusion is – well, it's really being used in two different tiers. In the highest tier you're definitely seeing that, that level of high level customization integration where there's several specialized RF Fusion modules to cover an entire global skew. And then in the mid-tier, RF Flex is certainly picking up a lot of traction, of course, as people are going from more discrete solutions to a level of integration that helps drive some of the complexity up while still gives them flexibility for different band combinations. But then we also see Fusion coming into other tiers, like we mentioned a new product ramp into a wearable. And in this case, they're using Fusion as the vast majority of the RF content is fully integrated into one placement because it's a very compact high performance wearable solution where size is at a premium. So really there's a wide array of applications depending upon really the flexibility of what the end customer is trying to accomplish with the product.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: And in mobile, as I think everyone knows, March is a tricky quarter there. So a lot of moving pieces there and it's typically down 10% to 15% for mobile, but it's – you've got one kind of major handset platform ramping down sharply sequentially and another one from another manufacturer ramping up sharply at the end of the quarter, and exactly the timing and volumes of those ramps make a huge difference in how the quarter ends up. But it's too early to say whether there'll be anything out of the ordinary this year. We certainly aren't aware of anything.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. The great news is it's literally across I think every product category we sell. We've got a wide range of products with great opportunities in that platform, literally discrete switches, discrete BAW filters, Wi-Fi products, diversity receive modules, power amplifier based pads and so forth. So we again, we've really focused on closing that gap on that platform and I think we believe the prospects are pretty good.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. I mean that sounds about right. I think to characterize what we've seen, you're right. The first couple quarters of the calendar year, we saw tremendous growth and we definitely in retrospect shipped faster than the market at that timeframe. As we've gone through the second half of the year, we still see our largest customer there, who's now a 10% customer, considerably strong compared to the rest of the pack. And so we're very pleased to be supporting that customer. And then the rest of the pack has definitely slowed and most are not achieving their original goals that they set up for at the beginning of the year, but it's still good. Like I said, not great, but good, and it's going to return to more of a regular level.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: I'll take a shot at it I guess. You're right. There's a lot of different ways it can go. And so, what you tend to see, I guess, is there's a generation in which there is an integration around three or four kind of large elements and then some discretes around it. And the next generation, it generally stays roughly the same in terms of the number of highly integrated component. It's pulling in a lot of the stuff that was outside before but then you end up with a bunch of other discrete stuff around it a lot of times. So there's no real one answer on that, but I think generally the trend is for higher levels of integration overall and in particular, I think, at the kind of mid-tier of the market. They're adding an awful lot of functionality and they don't have the R&D or the bandwidth to glue together 50 different parts. And so, they're trying to get to higher levels of integration, fewer boxes, as you would say, at that tier of the market as well.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. It's a good point. It's not really just about the boxes, I guess that's what you're saying. Because if the boxes themselves have all kinds of different things in them but then also the discretes there are lots of different types. And there's opportunities to differentiate just as much on some of those discrete parts as there are in the big boxes too, right. So, yeah.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: I might add to that, to your point about what happens when customers can't get it. I think the industry is beginning to understand the capacity curve and when the capacity is available. And some customers actually plan their production around the time they know they're going to be able to get their filters.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. So thanks for the question, Ed. I couldn't be more pleased with the organization, frankly. As you know, the culture matches very good between the two companies. A lot of people have worked at each and so we had a lot of good kind of immediate synergies socially and culturally. And before close, we're able to already develop a new product development process that combined the best of both companies, a lot of lessons learned. So it was a great unique opportunity to kind of wipe the slate clean and come out with better practices and processes. We have combined several of our sites, and there's a little more to be done there, so far completely without disruption. I'm not aware of any execution issues that the mergers created. So it's a lot of fun actually. It's a great opportunity. These product cycles, it takes a while to feel the entire effect of them, but they're coming on strong.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah, so that's one of the things I guess we keep maybe struggling to communicate correctly. Up until even this point today, we're still basically selling RFMD and TriQuint parts, parts that result from the merger where we're able to combine and bring the new org and new technologies together. We're really just beginning to release the first one. So the integrated FEM for Wi-Fi, the diversity modules and so forth. So phase two, especially March quarter, June quarter of the year, I mean that's where each of the two legacy companies basically were in their product cycles. And we didn't have an org focused on that as a matter of fact at RFMD and TriQuint as well was not really focused at all on that market. So, when we formed Qorvo, we organized around it. We've got a business unit dedicated to that market and MediaTek in particular. And so they've been really working hard all year and picking up a lot of momentum. You're right, not as fast certainly as we would've liked, but picking up momentum on phase two now significantly. And then we've been in line with phase three all along for the MediaTek platform.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. So as of now, at least, all of the diversity modules we are planning are based on BAW. So that was a BAW opportunity. Volumes weren't tremendous on those few that we were on. So it did actually allow us to have more capacity available for a lot of Wi-Fi coexist filters and other things that we are shipping into the China market in general.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks, Mike. From a overall business perspective, both the IDP business and the mobile business did a little bit better than planned. It was, I would say, a little bit broader based. In regards to China, I'll go ahead and let Eric talk a little bit more about this business for the December guide, but I think you have the moving pieces within our business fairly well understood as far as how you describe what was going on in December, but...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'd love to, Mike, but Eric would probably strangle me. I think he really wants to talk about this. This is a real bright spot in what he's worked on this year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, this is Bob. I'll go ahead and take that. I think you're right. We are taking a pretty cautious view in the China market right now. I think we've kind of beat to death in our last call that we thought they got a little ahead of themselves in the first half. And I think things happen, timing of new program ramps and all of that, but I think this is more of a one-off case right now and it's not our expectation this carries on into calendar 2016.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Steve, I'll go ahead and take the first part and obviously, if I don't complete it, Eric will add some color. But, Harsh, I think we have to look at a couple different things. One is for the China market itself, you have to remember there are people that also produce phones that are not Chinese. And some of these players out there have had tremendous growth in the China market itself. Now what we do see is what we look at is the macro trends that I spoke about earlier of the shifts from basically dimes to dollars that we talk about as they migrate through their portfolio. What we're seeing is the China local OEMs are now starting to gear up for the export market. So they're gearing more towards regional skews and even some are going to global skews. I use somebody like a Huawei that will put in $15 plus into a phone. So that trend is continuing and we expect that to continue next year. And then also we have that trend from 3-mode to 5-mode for those phones that stay in China. So we do expect the RF content to continue to grow like we said earlier in that 10% to 15% range. But I will say the China export market continues to grow and that does drive the dollar content as well.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well, I think it's clear content will continue to increase as the complexity that we talked about. And then we'll just have to wait and see how things end up. But I feel very good about our prospects and our ability to continue to grow.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. I think what's interesting is and I tried to address some of this in my opening comments that if you look at smartphones, they're growing, as you point out, single-digits, but the real story in our business is the RF content is continuing to grow and Eric spoke earlier 10% to 15% in his mobile business. And from an ASP perspective, given those kind of growth rates, we don't anticipate any change from the way the business is run almost the last two years. So, again, the RF content inside the phones is what's growing. And in China, they're going from 3-mode to 5-mode and 6-mode, that's significant increase in the dollars that are in a phone. So a little bit different in the space than the application processors.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: But I think overall, Eric, I think people recognize there's different blocks. But I mean, there's a lot of content outside of those things. And that's where a lot of the growth that we've enjoyed over the years, still there's a lot of discrete switches and tuners and now we're getting into diversity receive modules and things like that. So, I don't want to over simplify it down to four or five boxes, but there is revenue there and that architecture does – and the lower end is moving more towards that. But there's still on the big global phones a lot of added dollar content outside of those boxes.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We didn't comment too much on overall for the company, but I believe we might have had a question earlier on the RF content will probably grow in that 10% to 15% range in the mobile business and that's what we'll probably grow.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: But I think we can say, Ed, yes, we will continue to invest in R&D but it will be a much slower rate than what we're expecting for the top line to grow.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: In fact, I would just add, we're holding this call in our San Jose office. That is consolidated between the two former offices here. And it's good to physically bring the teams together, and it's good to put the savings on the P&L.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think – this is Bob. Sorry, Ed. At a little higher level, I mean our share on Qualcomm reference designs in China was significantly higher than our MediaTek. And as you know what's playing out there, that's also worked against us.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Oh, net total revenues. I'd have to think through that and I think you've got the assessment right. We continue to grow the relationship with them into more than just, quote, PAs and filters and sitting on reference designs and working with them and then to your point, we're making great progress with Wi-Fi for the IDP side as well as the mobile side working with Qualcomm, but I don't think we've actually done any forward math to be able to answer that, Ed. As you know, what we're trying to do is be strong at each one of the platform providers and each one of our customers because they do tend to move around who's number one and two over time.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well, I can't say what'll happen in the future, Ed, but I think in the past, yes, we've worked very closely with them when customers wanted a different solution. And I think that's – an important point is, at the end of the day, the customers decide. I mean that's what really takes place and in our business you need to have very high performing, competitive parts. And we work with them, so that we make sure we understand the architectures and where things are going. But at the end of the day, it's as much the customer, but because we do work with them, we feel we've got that leg up and that opportunity and that's why we felt our share was so strong with them throughout the last year as you pointed out.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I would say currently BAW today doesn't handle those frequencies, but certainly, there's tremendous amount of bandwidth available in the millimeter wave frequencies that could reduce that need a bit. And then we certainly have a significant amount of product available in power amplifiers and other type technologies that'll play in 5G. I think it's also important to remember that 5G, we always see as a layered on approach to what's in the existing content in the handset today.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Good question, Harsh. I'll go ahead and let James talk about it because in my opening comments I talked about how he's tried to reposition – not tried, but he has repositioned his product portfolio to drive growth out of what we – typically seen was the single-digits. We'll begin to see that this year, but go ahead.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us this evening. It continues to be clear that in any market environment, the global appetite for mobile data continues to expand. That's placing a greater premium on the limited frequency spectrum available to support that demand and expanding the economic value to our customers of Qorvo's premium solutions. We appreciate your time and look forward to meeting with you at our upcoming investor conferences and at our Analyst Day on November 17. Thank you.
James L. Klein - President: Yeah. This is James. As Bob said, I think we saw it stabilize, bottom out in September, and we're starting to see signs of it picking back up as we go into this quarter. We'll see growth in that area quarter-over-quarter and it appears to be a fairly broad based return. We're seeing orders out of – growth out of most of the OEMs – so looks like it's the final stage. Now we're being pretty cautious on how quickly it's going to recover.
James L. Klein - President: So, our view is that the market opportunity for us is in the 10% to 15% range. Over the next few years, we expect to be in line or better than that.
James L. Klein - President: Yeah. In IDP, really being so broad market base, we don't see the traditional seasonality that you maybe used to in Eric's business. And we'll – we should continue to see growth quarter-over-quarter.
James L. Klein - President: Yeah. In – we've traditionally talked about the business in that five- to seven-point growth range. I think what you heard from Bob today is that we're repositioning to get that to be able to grow two times or three times that rate. That'll start as we go into 2016. In fact, it's started now. So I think you'll start to see our growth rates pick up as we go into next year and certainly as we move into 2017 and 2018.
Steven J. Buhaly: How do you fund it? Well, the buyback is valid for a year and Qorvo is going to be very cash flow positive over that period of time, which is a good piece of the story there. And then if we elect to, we will opportunistically access the capital markets to supplement our cash flow from operations.
Steven J. Buhaly: This is Steve Buhaly. We do plan to grow capacity primarily in premium filters since that's where our demand is expanding most rapidly. And our typical pattern is to put new capacity in place during the first half of the calendar year. That's a little slower period of time and then to be well-positioned for the aggressive customer ramp that often happens in late spring, mid-summer. And we're looking forward to that this year as well.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah. So gross margins, I think fundamentally the company's running right around 50%, which is what we've guided for next quarter. Our mileage varies a little bit quarter to quarter depending on the particulars of the mix and I think that's what you saw in this quarter. We expect the benefits from our assembly and test consolidation to largely accrue in the second half of the calendar year as we intersect our customers' new products with our products tested and assembled in China. And so all – clearly, it's going to be a positive. There's plenty of other factors. I'll wait till we get closer to call it more specifically.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah. Well, it'll clearly pertain to the March quarter, right. We try to level set it for the course of the year. And as we look into the next fiscal year, I think I want to take a little bit of a hall pass on that as we've got some math to do on that. We are running through our NOLs and credits and yet on the other hand, we'll have more of our revenue going through Singapore for the full year. So I'm going to stick with the 10% to 15% for now for FY 2017. But I think it's fair to model 10% in for the March quarter as well.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah, I'll take that. Our top three customers added up to about 60% of our revenue last quarter and then that's probably not out of line with the market structure. Of those three, Huawei is the one that we sell both IDP and mobile products to. And then below that you have a pretty large number, a very broad diversification of customers.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah. We're in good shape on both counts. As you know, we have a very detailed management process where we have a dedicated professional program manager who tracks all these things. And I expect to beat both of our $75 million commitment for year one and then a subsequent $75 million commitment for year two. We're in good shape for year one and in year two, it will be a bit back loaded, about two-thirds of that commitment pertains to this migration or in-sourcing of mobile assembly and test and the remainder is a pretty broad variety of items.
Steven J. Buhaly: Well, a lot of questions in there, but I would say that the supply and demand are broadly in balance. The reason we had capacity in the late winter/spring is that it's a little bit lower demand period in the cycle and it's a good chance for us to add capacity for the next wave. For example, a lot of the diversity receive or carrier aggregation demand will be in the phones that launch in the fall and we'll want to have the capacity to support that as we approach it. But generally, I'd say supply and demand are fairly matched. I expect that'll continue to be the case. We build this capacity based on our customer forecasts and while there may be an error in an individual case, in aggregate, they tend to be pretty decent.
Steven J. Buhaly: Well, most of that goes into our cost of goods sold line and by and large the implementation of that cost for bringing that online is coincident with them being used for production. So it tends to be reasonably well-matched.
