Grant Brown: Sure. Thanks for the question, Ruben. I'll start off with the June quarter guide overall and then we can get into the segments. The sequential decline in the June quarter revenue guidance primarily reflects the ramp patterns at our two largest customers at ACG. And then, within HPA, the seasonal timing of large defense programs and a slower rollout of DOCSIS 4.0 as we've talked about previously. ACG is expected to decline -- just to break it down, ACG is expected to decline in the high single digits in June. HPA will decline in the low double digits. And CSG is expected to be approximately flat. Looking back at ACG, we don't breakout customer percentages by quarter. But I mentioned in my prepared remarks that our largest customer represented approximately 46% of total fiscal '24 revenue, which was up from 37% in '23 and 33% in fiscal '22. So, follow that, those increases there increase our revenue exposure to the seasonal ramp patterns we have with our largest customers, and that's impacting the June quarter. Looking at HPA, it's a similar seasonal dynamic. We have successfully grown our revenue base in defense and aerospace, and this represents the largest percentage of HPA revenue and actually set a record in fiscal Q4. While we expect our D&A business to grow year-on-year in fiscal '25, program timing and seasonality is having an outsized impact on the sequential performance in June quarter, just given the relative size within HPA. Looking at gross margin, we expect a substantial improvement in September as we sell through all the high-cost inventory or the vast majority of it, I should say, in June and we continue to expect full year fiscal '25 gross margin will improve modestly over '24.
Grant Brown: Sure. No change to our view on inventory -- channel inventory, especially within the Android area, it looks relatively clear. I think June will be the last quarter. We'll really be talking about the high-cost inventory and the underutilization impact associated with that. So that's maybe one change that we haven't spoken to in the past as far as timing goes. In terms of fiscal '25 in general, it's a little early to provide any detailed quarterly guidance. But absent any macro-related disruptions, we do expect to grow both revenue and gross margin modestly in fiscal '25 on a year-over-year full fiscal year basis. It's worth pointing out that given the timing of the content gains at our largest customer and the success in the defense market, as I mentioned earlier, our revenue seasonality will be more closely aligned to those annual ramp profiles. So that's clear in our Q1 guidance, but will also be included in our full fiscal year. In terms of the shape of revenue across fiscal '25, we do expect strong sequential growth in September, some modest sequential growth in December, and then that revenue profile will reflect the sequential growth in defense. That begins in September and even stronger in December. So, we may be slightly unlike fiscal '24, we'll have a bigger December than September is our current expectation because of the strength there in defense. On gross margins, we expect substantial improvement in September, as I mentioned, roughly flattish in December and then down slightly in March. So, again, a similar seasonal profile. Overall for the year, probably implied a full fiscal year gross margin for fiscal '25 in the mid-40%s.
Grant Brown: Yeah, sure. So, in terms of gross margin, I think, in any given quarter, it's heavily dependent on mix, as you're pointing out, right? There's variability by end market and product category. But as I look at the manufacturing costs associated with what we're selling, any underutilization impact is going to be impacted by when the products are manufactured and where they're manufactured. So, for Qorvo, when matters, because the utilization rate at the time it's produced, and the where matters, because of where the products that contain higher content from external foundries or OSATs are less impacted by our internal loadings. So, for June, our gross margin guidance really reflects, I guess, primarily three things. First, we're actively selling through the higher-cost inventories burdened by the underutilization. This is somewhat of an artifact of past underutilization. The second is that we see the typical seasonal decline in our largest customer, as I mentioned, and those products contain higher levels of external content. And then third, we expect a seasonal decline in the defense programs like most of our high mix, lower volume businesses. These are accretive to gross margin. So, it's heavily mix dependent. I pointed out June will mark the low point as we actively sell through that remaining high-cost inventory. And again, that really reflects the inefficiencies caused by those underutilized fabs that were whipsawed by a massive inventory correction. We believe we're well past the worst of those utilization levels and as we sell through the material, it will pave the way for higher gross margins I commented on for the full fiscal year color I talked about earlier. For September, if we pivot to that, we expect gross margin to improve substantially as three headwinds reverse; the seasonal ramp will reflect more external content, the defense revenue is expected to grow sequentially, and the underutilization impact should fall to less than or around 100 basis points versus the, call it, 300 basis points that we experienced last quarter.
Grant Brown: Sure. So, from a capital intensity perspective, I still think that we'll be spending CapEx in and around that 5% target level. As we look out over time, it could vary based on capacity required to support customer demand, but that's our current target.
Grant Brown: Sure. Thanks for the question. So, utilization is obviously critical, and it's improving. And we've spoken quite a bit about it. But maybe just to put that into context, the utilization across our US fabs is actually currently up 20 percentage points versus Q1 a year ago. So, looking at just a simple average across our wafer fabs, the percent utilization went from the 40%s to now the 60%s, and all that hasn't flowed into the P&L yet. So, we still have meaningful opportunity to improve and reach more optimal levels, call it, in the 80%s or higher across the board. We've talked a bit, as a specific example, to our WiFi business in CSG, which is facing the underutilization here in our North Carolina gas line, each of those products is coupled to the fab that was designed and qualified. And so, we can't move production overnight. But over time, we can optimize this. So, load balancing across our factory network is always being evaluated, and it's a potential for opportunity there. But beyond just utilization, we are taking active steps to improve gross margin. If you look at it maybe by business or maybe from a manufacturing perspective, in ACG, specifically, we're managing our portfolio to better match cost with the product tiering. So, to align Android's entry tier, our new low, mid, high integrated products are a great example. This is not a single product, but actually a family of products that are better optimized for that segment of the market. In HPA, we expect our high mix, lower volume businesses generally carry higher gross margins to be among our fastest-growing opportunities. Defense is a good example. I've spoken to that, where we expect a strong fiscal second half and for growth to continue well beyond this fiscal year given the budget approvals and the order activity we're seeing. CSG, I just mentioned the WiFi business, but it's our highest growth opportunities there are in products that run in high-volume external silicon partners. So, overall, business mix will play a role in margin expansion over time. Those product lines will grow faster and they'll become a bigger portion of our revenue mix, less susceptible to underutilization, of course, because they're externally sourced. From an overall manufacturing perspective, we expect to benefit from continued die size reductions, wafer size increases, and we can continue reducing our capital intensity. We're continuously looking at factory footprints for opportunities to optimize and consolidate our operations, and you've already seen us take steps there such as divesting our Farmers Branch facilities as well as our Beijing and Dezhou facilities. So, we have a lot of opportunity to get there. It's not simply utilization, but obviously, that's a big part of it.
Grant Brown: Sure. It's similar to fiscal '24. As I mentioned, we do expect, unlike fiscal '24, that we'll have a larger December than September and then down seasonally in March. So, in that regard, it's slightly different than what we saw in fiscal '24. But generally speaking, the September, December quarters will be our largest within the fiscal year.
Grant Brown: I think you're in the right ballpark, Chris. I gave a rough estimate for the year. So, I believe you backed into it properly.
Bob Bruggeworth: Hi, Ed, it's Bob. Thanks for the question. And we're very confident in our outlook with our largest customer. We're confident, as I said last time, in gaining share this year, and still very confident in our outlook for -- in FY '25 gaining share, FY '26 gaining share, growing revenue. Still feel real good about both of those.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thanks, Ed. Good opportunity to clear that up. When we made the acquisition, our focus was actually on defense. The infrastructure market is pretty volatile, but we still think there's a play there, but it's primarily on the defense side. We don't have any plans at this time to bring it into the mobile phone business -- mobile part of our business.
Bob Bruggeworth: We still believe we're going to grow in the Android ecosystem, to be clear. So, again, we didn't comment on the full year last time. The only comment I made was I wanted to correct some noise that was in the market about we had lost a socket potentially at our largest customer and I want to make that clear. So, I'm sure that came across clear. However, when we look out over the year, I mean, there's a lot of things to judge for the year. I think it's great that we're able to provide you some color, at least how we think of things today. But I'd say, if anything, we're being somewhat conservative, just given what's going on. As you know, our Android market in China, quite honestly, it's going to be flat quarter-over-quarter to slightly up, but we're very cautious on China and the economy turning around there, where they're actually doing well is in some of the export market. So, just given everything that we see going on globally, interest rates, you see what's going on with the Fed in our own country and going around the world, I think it's prudent to take a conservative view when we give our outlook, whether it's the number of units at our largest customer or what's going to happen to end demand with consumers. We're just being cautious, but we're confident we can grow. And I think that's how I'd leave that.
Bob Bruggeworth: June, most likely for -- hi, this is Bob. June most likely is going to be flat to up with the Android ecosystem. As you pointed out, we're coming off a big flagship ramp at our second largest customer with tremendous content. We're offsetting that with growth outside of them.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. No change in the outlook. We're still thinking low single digits for the overall market. And like you said, 5G growing greater than 10%.
Bob Bruggeworth: This is Bob. And what I can tell you is that we don't see any channel inventory between us and our largest customer. And the reason is pretty straightforward. We ship directly to their manufacturers. So, this has come up maybe a year or so ago, and now come up now, and we don't see anything like that.
Bob Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us tonight. We appreciate your interest in Qorvo, and we look forward to speaking with you during our Investor Day on June 11 and at upcoming investor events. Thank you, and I hope you have a great evening.
