Mark Murphy: Well, I mean, there’s a lot in that question, Harsh. I think what I’ll start with is on the third to fourth quarter, we were about 100 basis points, a little over 100 basis points better than we thought we would be. Yes, that was split. About half of that was favorable manufacturing costs and about half of that was mix. As far as third to fourth quarter, sequential, it was largely driven by more favorable manufacturing variances. As we move into the June quarter, we end up with lower volumes and then the manufacturing costs are not as favorable. And then we have some product mix effects that are dragged as well. So, I think the overall message, Harsh, is we continue – nothing has changed in our story here. We’re actively working to continuously improve our gross margins. Despite trade effects and COVID, we’ve been making progress and you see that in our results. And as far as on inventories – yes, on inventories, Harsh, I’m never going to say, we’re satisfied with inventories where they are, but we’re in a reasonably good position. If you compare our inventory levels to historical levels and then also compared to others that we’ve seen in the space, inventories were up sequentially as we thought they would have been. But as I mentioned, the turns are on the better side of okay, historically speaking, and then our channel remains very, very healthy. Yes, we’re continuing to work inventories to keep them in line, despite the uncertainty. And we certainly want to do our best to balance keeping inventory levels low, while ensuring that we are not constrained part of the supply chain.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Maybe, Karl, I’ll start with – I’ll just start with the revenue picture. And I’m not going to – we’ve done four acquisitions over the past year. Yes, they’re all tracking in line with expectations. They’ve all been successfully integrated. Decawave and Cavendish, we’ve been clear that they’re dilutive transactions. They have revenue, but they’re technologies that we’re investing in. So they’re dilutive. The programmable power management business, which were effectively on a year at this point, we’re lapping that acquisition, but that business and Custom MMIC are both accretive. And so two different types of acquisitions that I’ve grouped the four in two. I’m not going to breakdown each acquisition each quarter and what it’s contributing and not. Yes, they’re all, obviously, they were reflected in the March update. When we provided that, that was considered. They’re obviously contemplated in the June guide. What I can give you is that in fiscal 2020, these acquisitions were, in total, around $60 million of revenue, that includes programmable power management and the others. In fiscal 2021, we expect those to be over $110 million, combined. So, hopefully, that provides you some perspective.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Jamison, this is Mark. Yes, I mean, and asking for any additional guidance beyond the June quarter, I think, we’ve just got to acknowledge that we’re in unprecedented times. The global economy slowing down and every company is wrestling with the risks and their outlook. So I simply can’t be specific beyond what we’ve provided for the June quarter. What I can say is that, we believe in the growth potential of our markets, more broadly, the demand for connectivity and this requires more and better RF. On our business, specifically, we’re operating well and this current backdrop is highlighting how well we are operating. We have a good balance sheet. We’re serving customers with the best technology and products and we’re sizing the business appropriately. So as a result, we’re able to provide what we believe is a solid guide for June. Beyond June, it’s tougher to see. Currently, as we look to September quarter, we see top line growth probably high single digits percent or maybe a bit more. We expect gross margin to be up, but modestly, in part, because utilization is weighing on us more than we had planned it would. And then finally, OpEx. You could expect to see around the levels through the year as we guided for the June quarter. But beyond that, yes, there’s just not enough clarity in the market. I think, we’re in good company with most companies that are not providing full-year guidance. I want to mention that risk factors are very important here. COVID-19 trade and other risk factors need to be considered. And those risk factors make it a particularly difficult time to forecast.
Mark Murphy: We had two 10% customers and – that they can change. But – so I can’t really give comps year-over-year and all that, I typically don’t. But we had two 10% customers this quarter and that’s all I typically say.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Bill – and Bob will build on this. I think that the reason I mentioned trade a few times, and certainly as we’re looking at year-over-year comps, the trade effects have been – have had a substantial impact on us March quarter year-over-year, and it remains a risk factor in our business. Though I wouldn’t say that, yes, that the primary contributor to the current outlook is related to the effects of COVID-19. So just to be clear there.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Toshiya, we’re pleased with what we’ve done on free cash flow as it relates to improving it. We’re not pleased that we’ve reached any sort of final result. It’s more of a waypoint for us. So we’re pleased with that. As far as as CapEx levels and capital allocation priorities, nothing has changed in the story there. We’ve said that we would be moving down towards 5% to 7% of sales going forward and there’s no change there. We got to 5% a bit faster than, than we thought. But I think you can attribute that to, in part, the discipline and consistency of the team and enforcing capital discipline. So I can’t give you a percent of sales, because then you’ll back into the sales, I give a number. So, I said the next few quarters will run around what we’ve been running the past several quarters, so it could be $40 million, $50 million at most. As far as capital allocation, we’re still below our leverage target. We’re still actively looking at acquisitions and nothing has changed there around seeking value, creating acquisitions, principally technology assets for the mobile business and bolt-on van [ph] technology for IDP. And that’s what you’ve seen us do over the past year with over $1 billion worth of acquisitions. We never provide – have provided rate and pace on the repurchase. We did repurchase $125 million in this last quarter. For the full-year, we repurchased $515 million in addition of the $1 billion we spent on acquisitions. We’ll report in the June quarter that we repurchase some shares, I can say that. But amounts and future repurchases will be a function of the opportunities that we have for cash, our leverage, our latest view on the outlook and other factors.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Yes. So – and it’s a good question and a nuanced one. I – I’m not sure if you picked up. I did say, it was a product mix, specifically. So you are corrected that the IDP business is going to be a higher percentage of sales in the June quarter. But that aside, mix effects overall are the smaller part of this compared to just the manufacturing variances and and the lower revenues.
Mark Murphy: Yes, Blayne, on China, we typically don’t break that out. It’s material, as you know. It ended up being less as we ended the quarter and reported it than it was in our guide. I can say that. And then if you wanted to know about Huawei, specifically, it held up a bit better than expected, but it was, I’d say, in line with what we said not a material part of our March quarter variants, and it remains a fraction of what we used to have with that customer in the past. We expect that customer to remain under 5% in the June quarter.
Mark Murphy: I won’t do on the call, Tim. I mean, we’ll be releasing the K, and you’ll see that in the SEC financials there when we report that.
Steven Creviston: Hi, Harsh, this is Eric. I’ll take that. I can tell you that the vast majority of the work we’re doing these days, both with our new product development and also engagements with customers is around 5G. Of course, there’s still some LTE-Advanced going on as well. But customer portfolios are largely changing over to 5G across the Board, and we’re seeing the transition now down into the middle Tiers of the handset portfolio. Interestingly, there’s the same kind of $5 to $7 worth of content increase, whether you’re going off of $20 to $25 base for a very advanced 4G smartphone or whether you’re coming off of $5 to $7 baseline from a mid-tier smartphone, you’re still seeing roughly the same absolute dollars. So as you go down the portfolio, you see the percentage increase to the 5G content has really increased significantly.
Steven Creviston: Yes. This is Eric. I’ll talk a bit about the Decawave and ultra-wide-band outlook. As we mentioned last quarter, we strongly believe that the unique capabilities with the impulse radio ultra-wide-band for very precise location capability, as well as proximity awareness and security would lead to becoming ubiquitous in all mobile handsets. And then from that point the mobile handset becomes the infrastructure and ties you into your smart home and your automobile and a host of other applications. And I can tell you our enthusiasm has only grown since then. So since we’ve integrated the Decawave team, the interaction with the mobile community has certainly increased. And we’re strongly engaged across both platform providers, as well as handset OEMs, working to get them enabled as soon as possible. But Decawave came to us with a strong pipeline to begin with across many other applications, such as automotive and IoT. So we continue to see that portfolio grow. The engagements are strong and growing across like asset tags, smart home controls, various sort of industrial IoT applications, and notably, the ability to have precise location and proximity awareness is quite applicable when you look at contact tracing sort of applications for COVID-19, it complements the BOE approaches, which are being rolled out first, of course, by providing a much, much more accurate distance measurements between folks. So we have multiple customers already adapting the tags or IoT things they were doing to include the contact-tracing capability as well. So that’s also, of course, driven a strong uptick with several customers that are already in the pipeline for Decawave.
Steven Creviston: Yes. I’ll cover handsets. I’m sure James would love to jump in as well and talk about infrastructure. Really, not a lot of change quarter-over-quarter. We continue to advance the technology and work on product demonstration vehicles and so forth. This is the year, where there’s going to be some commercial roll out. It would give the chance to prove the business case and really tackle a lot of the infrastructure concerns with millimeter wave. We like our technology. We think we can really help in terms of efficiency around the antenna and signal quality and so forth. It’s really going to come down to the business case in the network environment.
Steven Creviston: Yes, Ed, I’ll talk about your questions on mix Korea, in China, as well as alignment with LSI and so forth. So yes, certainly, in the near-term, the mix towards Korea and China is is pretty real. That’s because two factor, really. First of all, when you say Korea, a year ago, we’re just turning the corner and realigning our portfolio with Samsung, that’s gone tremendously well and it does continue to get better and better. So as they’re adding more content, adding more premium content, a lot of that is addressable by us. So we expect that trend to absolutely continue and it’s a good thing. We want to continue to grow with Samsung and align across mass here, as well as integrated – or excuse me, as well as their premium tier and bring full integrated content to both of those tiers, as well as advanced tuning to power management. So great alignment there. It should become mixing that way as we’re catching up and then even getting better with our share. And then China as well. I mean, that just affected. Our customers are doing so well. If you look Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi, really mixing towards 5G. We’ve got complete portfolio to support them. They’re serving not only China domestic, but they’re also exporting more and more. So we’ve got a lot we can do to help them across our portfolio. So naturally, yes, we’re sort of mixing that way, because they’re doing really well in the market currently. So that’s good. Regarding LSI, Samsung’s own baseband, we love working with the guys. Of course, great partners. We’re aligned well. But I don’t think there’s anything particularly different there versus all the baseband manufacturers. We’re winning content in pretty much every category we sell across all the baseband manufacturers. So it’s good and we absolutely want to support them all.
Steven Creviston: Yes. So I guess, we don’t generally break it down by quarter necessarily. I think the key thing is, we’re seeing each region come into and come out of this virus-related demand and supply scenario differently. So it’s a little challenging to model, I think, what’s very clear is, first off, the calendar year has significantly impacted. And for every person that doesn’t buy a 4G phone in the first-half, when he goes to buy one in the second-half, it’s more likely he’s going to buy a 5G phone. So we think if there’s any sort of silver lining, which it really isn’t much of a silver lining. But the good news for our industry at least is that, phones that don’t sell in the first-half will come back as more 5G content in the second-half more than likely.
Steven Creviston: Yes. We’re – we talked in the past about what’s driving the 5G content. And, of course, there’s much tighter requirements on filtering. There’s more bands generally added to the phone. There’s also dual connect scenarios where the phones have to work on 4G and 5G at the same time, which drives a lot of content around the antennas, both tuning and switching and filtering and so forth, to pull all that off. And so, as I mentioned earlier, in the call, I think, we’re – we see about a $5 to $7 increase in content per handset. And that’s relatively constant, whether you’re adding it to a premium smartphone or a mid-tier smartphone. I’m sure, as we get into mass tier later on, there’ll be some more fine-tuned regional designs. But for now, we’re seeing, as it continues to mix down through the portfolio, that dollar content ATTR is remaining pretty consistent.
Robert Bruggeworth: Sure. Thank you. Yes, I think we mentioned a quarter or two that, frankly, it’s a bit ahead of our expectations. We expected more of the portfolio to remain discrete that the fact that the size is such a premium in today’s handsets and the complexity of 5G has made it such that really integration is quite helpful to the customer. It helps with performance, as well as size and enables them to include other features. So there’s no going aback. We don’t typically see things or reverse and go back to the screen. So we’re running as fast as we can to complement our already complete line of integrated solutions with the latest bands and capabilities and new features and so forth, with new performance, higher-performance, smaller filters and so forth, adding to the benefit there. But we think it’s a trend that is absolutely central to providing customers what they need for 5G.
Robert Bruggeworth: Not much really to add, Bill. I’m sure a lot of you saw the recent Department of Commerce order. And after extensive review by our legal team, we feel the rules are not applicable to our products. That doesn’t mean something new might come out, and I think that’s the other thing. When you think about this, there is a lot of saber rattling between the two countries right now and we’re being cautious. But we didn’t see any pull-ins or anything like that. As a result of any of this, we’re seeing it that, we’re seeing demand – end demand of customers like Mark talked about. Our channel is very healthy between us and our customers. And I personally had very high-level meetings alone by a video with our customers in China. And I feel real comfortable with their inventories of our products and how their sell-through is going.
Robert Bruggeworth: First, let me comments – both Mark and I both commented, it was over 10%, just to be clear, and we’ll really have to see how the year plays out to answer that. I mean, the percentage of 5G phones now is, obviously, going to be a lot greater. And there’s a lot more dollar content that Eric has talked about that $5 to $7, whether it’s mid-tier or high tier. So definitely, the opportunity is out there. We think there’s going to be a nice TAM this year in 5G, a lot of growth there. We’ll see how it plays out.
Robert Bruggeworth: All right. Mark, do you remember the first question, it’s a five-part question. It was mix in June and…
Robert Bruggeworth: Tim, I want to make sure I understood your question. Number one, Huawei was not even close to 10% customer in March, not even close. And year-over-year, you guys will be amazed at the growth that this company has put up less walling. They’re not a significant customer. In June, they’re even less. So I don’t understand your question. Second, when you say shelf life, I’m not sure I understand. We deal with Huawei and I talk to them. They don’t have our product stockpiled somewhere. I can tell you that. So I’m not sure how to answer your question.
Robert Bruggeworth: Yes. Wi-Fi 6 started with flagship smartphones, and I’ll let maybe Eric talk about that. But it’s clearly stimulated the CPAE [ph] of the business to integrate Wi-Fi 6 in their designs. And we see that happening really across the Board with high-end retail, but also in the MSO roll outs. It’s accelerating. Service providers are also adopting the distributed technology and bringing Wi-Fi 6 to – into that part of the market. So for us, it’s very, very broad brand. We bring a great set of front-end modules and filtering capability to the space. And I think we’ll continue to have a significant amount of success in the market.
Robert Bruggeworth: Yes. And on the mobile side as well, yes, we’re seeing good traction. In fact, it was – it’s rapidly mixing. Our Wi-Fi business is rapidly mixing towards Wi-Fi 6. And especially as you move and add the new 7.2 gigahertz capability and so forth, we do have a lot of unique capability to bring to that. We participate specifically on the chip on board part of the market, not the SIP part of the market. And so, yes, it’s growing rapidly now. And I think the higher bandwidth and so forth is a key feature.
James Klein: Yes. Bill, from my perspective, millimeter wave is still a really small part of the overall roll out of 5G. Certainly below 6 gigahertz is the majority and today, that’s really in China. We’ve seen an uptick in the roll out of sub-6 gigahertz just in the last period and we expect to be well on track with what we’re doing in China.
James Klein: Yes. Let me handle the Huawei one first. So we are shipping some products that are exempt from restrictions to Huawei, but they’re immaterial in the amount of IDP’s revenue in the fourth quarter and in our guidance in Q1. And we currently have not received any licenses to ship products from the IDP portfolio to Huawei. As far as year-over-year growth, and Mark had said last quarter that it was a long put, and we got awful close. I think, we’re headed for a really nice Q1 and be able to get back into year-over-year growth. Now we did have a really nice Q4 as well, as Mark and Bob talked about. We ended a great year in defense, where we had year-over-year total growth for defense business. We began the ramps in both 5G and Wi-Fi 6 with a broad portfolio of products, including GaN. GaN is a great example there. We brought a lot of products and different frequencies and different power levels to the market and we almost doubled our GaN last quarter and I suspect we’ll do it again. So overall, really pleased with the growth that we had in the quarter and looking forward to Q1.
James Klein: Yes. Definitely agree with over 0.5 million base stations deployed. We think the number will be closer to 600,000, if not, perhaps more. How we play is, we’ve got obviously a broad range of customers in the space. And as we talked about in prepared remarks, we’re ramping both GaN and small signal components into that broad set of customers. So definitely going to continue to be a growth engine for us. As far as how it continues, we definitely think deployments continue in China throughout the year with additional tenders offered, and then it will pick up again in the first part of next year as they do additional sets of deployments. We’re also expecting, as we get into next year, the deployments to start to pick up in the U.S. and the rest of the world.
James Klein: Yes. We’re seeing rapid adoption of GaN across numerous customers in that space and certainly in sub-6 gigahertz space. We believe we differentiate in a broad set of areas. I think, we’ve got great performing technology that we’ve had in place for the better part of 20 years. We’ve got fantastic reliability. And we’ve been continuously adding feature sets and scale over the last couple of years in preparation for this wrap. So I definitely do believe that we’ll continue to grow at or faster than the rate of the market.
