Bob Bruggeworth: Sure. Thanks for the question. I'll take that one. The China-based revenue in the quarter was down approximately 20% quarter-on-quarter and about 45% year-on-year, just to put it into perspective. Looking forward, as we commented in the prepared remarks, we're looking at that Android-based China revenue down to approximately 10% of the overall revenue for Qorvo. So a substantial decline both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sure. There's a number of opportunities for us to improve margin looking forward. We are reducing costs in the factory today, primarily variable costs. We can alternatively look at the utilization that we can bring down, which we've commented on previously, the underutilization, as we see it today, is something that will resolve as we're under shipping and under building to what would be a more normalized demand environment. So as that returns to normalcy, I would expect the underutilization to leave itself. The other items in gross margin, and there are others, but they are much less significant. For instance, inflation is one where it might be running approximately 50 basis points to 100 basis points as a headwind today. But again, it pales in comparison to the utilization impact. There is pricing, which factors into it, but there's nothing that we're seeing there outside of what we expect in historical norms. So again, going back to utilization, it ultimately relates to the volumes we see and the volumes we're seeing right now from customers and the demand levels are intimately related to the macroeconomic effects we've talked about.
Bob Bruggeworth: This is Bob. Thank you for your question. Yes, you're correct that there has been some inventory build, but I want to also point out that we're not anywhere near the number of 5G phones that we expected to be at our number now is pushing closer to 600. And if you recall, when we started the year, we thought it was going to be closer to 700 plus. So that's a pretty big drop, and that's what built up the inventory. And so it's still our expectations to get past where we were at that $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion over time. We've got a lot of growth drivers in our portfolio today, each of the business segments, and we've talked about this. As far as the event cellular, we still believe we can grow in that mid- to upper single digits, we still believe we have room to grow at our largest customer and a lot of BAW content as we look out over the years.  Then if I move into what we're seeing in the high-performance analog business, we've got several growth drivers there. We think defense is going to be a good business for multi-years. We follow that up with what we're seeing in the infrastructure and what we're bringing to that market segment with our GaN modules that we spoke about here. We're excited about the 5G rollout in India because that's going to be supported primarily out of our European customers. And if I look at the power market that Grant talked about today is a little bit off because of what's going on in the data center market, along with the electrical power tools and things like that, but we're taking that product into multiple markets right now and expect that to grow very nicely. And then our power device business. We just talked about the agreement we signed with SK Siltron to bring on -- they've been a good supplier to us. We want to formalize that. So we've got multi-suppliers and we've seen tremendous growth out of that, and we continue to add to our sales funnel on that. And then if I go to the connectivity and sensing, we believe that's going to be our highest growth. And we've talked before on calls about the success we're having in ultra-wideband to what we're doing with Matter and our development kits. We know Wi-Fi is going to come back both for the handset as well as the access points. So we haven't backed away from our longer-term plans.
Bob Bruggeworth: Eric is not here. But Dave, representing our sales and marketing, will address your question, if that's all right.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thank you for that. Again, we've got three different suppliers that supply us the raw wafers, and we've got even more that do the epitaxial, so this is a portion of that. We haven't disclosed even the baseline business, how large it is this year. All I can tell you is it's growing significantly, and we're very pleased with that acquisition. It's coming up on its first year anniversary and very pleased with how it's contributing to the overall performance on the top and bottom lines. But we're excited about the business. We've got a great product offering there. I ran through a number of the different applications we're in, and we just continue to add to the sales funnel on that business, and we just want to formalize with one of our suppliers in the longer-term agreement.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sorry, that's not anything we've ever disclosed in the past. I know you guys have a lot of fun trying to find a lot of our small parts that are in there. And yes, we enjoyed a nice ramp with them in the last quarter. And quite honestly, we're going to be down probably at all our major customers, obviously, including our China-based customers in December have factored all that into our outlook. But we were up year-over-year in the September quarter with our largest customer.
Bob Bruggeworth: I would only add to that, Dave, that it's broader than just quote our China-based customers, just to be clear. It's broader than just our handset customers as well. We talked about WiFi, whether it's access points or in the phones. But I just want to make sure for audience, I understand it's broader than what we're just seeing in handsets.
Bob Bruggeworth: I can't speak to Android specifically off the cuff, but I can tell you that our China-based business as a percent of total revenue was approaching 50% at the peak. A good portion of which was Android.
Bob Bruggeworth: Blayne, it's Bob. I made a comment earlier that we were up year-over-year with our largest customer, but I also commented that in the December quarter, we're expecting to be down at all of our large customers, including our customers in China. And we also believe across our customers that their flagship phones are not immune to what we're seeing out there. The end consumer almost no matter what market segment we're facing, and we've got multiple products for more than just handsets, we're seeing it decline. So that was some comments I made earlier.
Bob Bruggeworth: I think, number one, I'm glad you brought up our Korean customer and what's going on there. I mean, we also commented that we picked up a Low-Band PAD in their marquee phone, and we're pretty happy about that. That's new content we've never gotten. We did get the Low-Band PAD and some of their high-volume phones, but we hadn't been in the marquee phone and we've got a lot of extra content there. So yes, as they launch their next level phone, we're going to do extremely well. And it's our expectations today that what we're seeing from China. Now again, we have to remember, are there rolling lockdowns, what's going to happen. But based on everything we see today, we do expect to be up there. But when you integrate all that with our largest customers, typically down, we're seeing some other weakness in other consumer businesses as we adjust the inventories, that's why we're not predicting March yet. But Blayne, I think we are at the point where we feel just like we said last quarter, this was going to be the low point December for our Android-based customers.
Bob Bruggeworth: I think what's important, and it's a good question and if I could answer that, I know a lot of you would be super impressed if I was actually accurate. I think what we focused on is the design activity, to your point, that we've been working on. And we're quite encouraged by the number of new phones and obviously, our design wins that are there and the amount of content that they're putting into their phones. It's just what you're really asking is the number of units and let's just go through their markets. The China consumer is at an all-time low right now. Everybody had hoped after President, she was elected to his next term, they'll back away from the Zero COVID policy. We haven't seen that yet. So what's the China market going to look like? They're a major export market. A lot of that is Eastern Europe. The war in Ukraine doesn't look like it's slowing down. So we have to factor that in. And then you put in place, they're strong in Europe as well, you look at inflation and what they're seeing over there. So until a lot of those things get under control, they're not leaning forward, okay? What they are doing is continue to design new phones. We work with them on that. We get those wins. Many of those are some of the same products we're shipping today. Many are some of the new products that we've also talked about. So very difficult to project '23. What we feel good about is our design wins, our market share is consistent or higher as we go forward. The number of units, we'll just have to wait and see.
Bob Bruggeworth: What I'd add to that is, unfortunately, every quarter, the -- our customers are chasing demand down for the various global effects that we talked about, 3 major things: inflation the war and lockdowns in China. So unfortunately, every time they've been wrong and they thought they were reducing it enough when they weren't. They still overbuilt. So we'll just have to wait and see how this things end. What I think is great is they're paying close attention to it. And as Dave pointed out, we've got a great relationship with our customers, and we're working with them to work through this.
Bob Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again at upcoming investor events. Thanks again, and hope you have a good night.
Grant Brown: Sure. Related to gross margin, as you pointed out, it's heavily influenced by both mix and the utilization impact. Currently, the dominant headwind is the underutilization, which is generating over 700 basis points of headwind. So we have a clear path back to 50% gross margins beyond that utilization impact from the demand that we're seeing today. We don't typically report utilization by factory, but I think it would be a meaningful metric just to cover very quickly by location. As an example, for instance, if we look at utilization in Germany, it supports our broadband business, which has actually seen some strength. So the utilization there is doing okay and the migrations to the new DOCSIS standard is helping support that factory in the volumes. Alternatively, if you look at our North Carolina Gas fab, for instance, it's running very low levels of utilization, which impacts our margin in the WiFi business for CSG. Larger sites like Oregon and Texas are also underutilized given the unit volumes we're seeing from customers as they work through the inventories and the soft demand environment and similarly, our assembly and test operations in China remain underloaded as well. All of this underutilization creates costs that go unabsorbed into a higher inventory volume and negatively impacts the margin. I would expect that to resolve as volumes return and we'll have a clear path back to 50% as that factory mix and volumes both return. In terms of margin, there's obviously a lot of moving parts there and other factors, but the underutilization is the primary one.
Grant Brown: Sure. You're right. There is weakness beyond simply Android. I mean the -- both the consumer and the enterprise spending on our customers' end products has continued to be a challenge. Our customers have had to reset their production to adjust to the lower levels of demand and certainly the inventory that they're carrying. It varies by end market, certainly. And the inventory challenge in the Android ecosystem is probably the most impactful. But we are seeing it in our WiFi business as well. We're seeing it across both access points, routers, we're seeing it in power management products for power tools. We're seeing it in SSDs, which is another area that's seen some weakness in looking out forward in time, I expect, again, those would be similar stories and that they will recover and the volumes will return.
Grant Brown: Thanks for the question, Vivek. This is Grant. Let me take the first part, and then I'll let Bob address your second question. I mean, first and foremost, we won't guide into March formally, but we did comment on the Android-based revenue, which we do expect to be up in the March quarter. And then in terms of our largest customer, seasonally, you would expect that to be down. So there's some offsetting effects there. We'll have to see how that plays out. The rest of the business, we expect to be approximately flat to slightly up in certain different areas.
Grant Brown: Sure. Thanks for the question, Vivek. I'll take the silicon question from last quarter and then I'll roll it forward to this quarter. If you remember, there was a $110 million charge last quarter. In the K that we filed, there was $2.2 billion of total purchase commitment liabilities that we had of which $1.4 billion was related to this particular silicon agreement. It currently stands at approximately $800 million, which remains on that particular agreement. Given the demand that we are including in our guidance, looking forward, we were able to work with the supplier in that case, in order to better match the supply coming in with the ultimate demand in our silicon. So overall, a very good story, very solid partnership in working through that particular agreement.
Grant Brown: We did cover the China revenue, the percent of sales and the percentage that it will be down both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year, which are substantial. In terms of the inventory and the time it will take the process through the inventory, we haven't made a formal statement about that, but we have commented that Android-based revenue in China is expected to be up in the March quarter. We haven't provided formal guidance, but we do expect to see some increase in March.
Grant Brown: Thanks for the question, Ed. In terms of inventory and what we're writing off or reserving against, it is up significantly. So that will be in our gross margin in our non-GAAP gross margin. So we are seeing that today. If we believe anything was excess or obsolete, we would have included it in that. So there's no expectation that there was something we missed. I would also point out that we're doing the things that we can do to help manage that by reducing utilization in the factories. We're working with customers and suppliers. We're ordering less raw materials, for example, and being selective where we choose to add value to inventory looking forward, I tend to look at finished goods, and it's about 20% of our total now. It typically runs higher than that. So that tells me that we're doing a good job. At least on a historical basis of managing the situation tightly and in terms of what we choose to build knowing that we're going to make sure there's demand to consume it. So we're taking the steps that we need to take today and we're reserving against the excess and obsolete as we see it.
Grant Brown: Yes, sure. So the segments directionally will follow a lot of what Bob's comments were previously, right? We do expect them to be down sequentially into December. You get now a good look at the profitability by each of those different segments in terms of HPA, it just recorded a 35% operating margin. ACG recorded a 34% operating margin, which wasn't far behind and then a slight loss on our CSG business, which is our highest growth biggest investment area. I should say, base investment area -- sorry, biggest investment area relative to revenue. I should qualify that.
Grant Brown: Yes, sure. So it's relatively new. But putting all the pieces together, I would expect it to be profitable. We're going to drive that business, both in terms of the top line to increase the scale, so it can absorb the cost structure that it's got as well as looking at the utilization in the factories. So it's building a lot of WiFi parts that come out of our Greensboro fab, which is highly underutilized at the moment. So it's constrained in that regard from an overall unit perspective.
Grant Brown: Sure, I'll take this one. Good question. And it's definitely a content game for us. We've never had the low band on their flagship model before. As Bob mentioned, in some of their master 5G phones last -- this past year, we did get some of the low-band sockets, but this is new for us in the flagship. So this will actually be the highest content we've ever had in that phone model. So we're pretty excited about that starting early next year. As far as additional content, it's hard to say. I think it's consistent with what we said in the past. I will say there's one area that I think is another exciting opportunity for us as we move into WiFi 7. There's been a lot of cases in WiFi 6, where the PA that's integrated in the SoC is sometimes good enough performance and they don't need an external fab. But we don't see that happening in WiFi 7. So we've got great WiFi FEM socket win on a major Asia-based chipset platform provider on their reference design with our fans. So we're really excited about that. That's definitely going to be a growth opportunity as forward.
Grant Brown: Sure. We commented that we think it will be approximately 600 million units now for calendar '22, so down approximately 25 million units coming out of December.
Grant Brown: Sure. Thanks for the question. I touched on it a bit earlier in terms of utilization by location. And there are different businesses which impact different factories in various ways based on product mix that we see running through those factories. So in aggregate, it's difficult, if not misleading, to quote a particular number. And we haven't done that in the past for that reason. But I can say that underutilization is significant. It's having a meaningful impact on our gross margin to the tune of greater than 700 basis points. So adding that back, as I talked about earlier, gets us on path to our 50%-plus gross margin looking forward.
Grant Brown: Yes. Let me clarify that a bit on aggregate. We're not commenting on the March quarter in terms of whether it would show growth. But on a customer basis, seasonally, we would expect our largest customer to be down. We do expect Android based business to be up, and there will be some offset between those two that were not forecasting at this point publicly. And the rest of our businesses are expected to be approximately flat with some specific strength on the areas Bob touched on earlier.
David Fullwood: Yes. And thank this is Dave. I'm not sure how much -- we can say how much we're undershipping demand. It's a combination of weak demand in the market, especially in the Android ecosystem on top of the inventory that's built up in the channel that's being run off. We don't see pricing as a factor there. It's all more about the units and the inventory.
David Fullwood: Yes, Ed, this is Dave. The Phase 7 LE is a different solution. So we talked about that earlier this year, and we've ramped that with Honor. We've got lot of new customers, POs in hand, we'll start shipping more that in the beginning of next year. The product you referred to that combines the mid-high-band, main and diversity path, that's a new product that will ramp probably in 2024. So that's more targeting high-performance, small form factor applications, really leverages Qorvo's strength, optimized size and performance. And so we're working with some leading customers on helping them define that architecture and drive that solution.
David Fullwood: Sure. This is Dave. So I mean I think that's natural, right? Anytime you get into this type of environment, people are going to start to reduce their inventories because the demand is not growing. So I think that's a natural reaction. And sure, we see some of those similar trends. But I also want to mention that we have a pretty close relationship with all our customers. They forecasted a lot of this business, they placed purchase orders. So we're working with each of them to kind of work through the inventory, whether it's sitting in our factory or sitting in our distribution channel or obviously sitting in our customers' shelves. We work through that with them on a case-by-case basis to make sure that, that inventory gets consumed. So in those cases, they're often willing to take more inventory on their shelf to heal those problems.
Ambrish Srivastava: I had a quick follow-up on the segments. So what's the connectivity segment operating margin was negative. What's kind of the normalized target for this, Grant? And then I had a quick follow-up on.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. Got it. And then real quick on the Android business. I know you put out your China revenues in your filings. But what was the peak for the Android handset revenues going back a year or even higher before that.
Ambrish Srivastava: I think it's a good point you raised. It's just the Android customer base, which is causing banks or the biggest downshift in the trajectory of the business.
