Mark Murphy: Yes. So, good question, Chris. The majority of the costs that I laid out on the charges, the GAAP charges are non-cash items, principally accelerated depreciation associated with the decisions on those assets, principally in Florida. So the vast majority are non-cash. Now, some of the charges laid out, which you'll see in the Q around terminations, those will be cash. But again, the preponderance are non-cash, and yes, reflected in our free cash flow guide. On a go-forward basis, I've tried to lay it out pretty clearly between the ongoing period costs in Florida, which will continue through December, and you should have experienced modeling those because those have been basically headwinds for us over the past year, but those will continue through December, and then, we'll have the added costs of Farmers Branch of $5 million this March quarter and then, decreasing to $3 million per quarter until that fab is started up. Right now, I believe it will be early '20, but for the rest of -- for fiscal year '20 modeling you should assume $3 million per quarter on Farmers Branch. And then, of course, for fiscal '20 through December, should assume the $6 million to $8 million for Florida.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. Ambrish, this is Mark. So this year, we expect to end free cash flow over $600 million. We are very early in our planning cycle, so I don't want to provide too much detail, but just to give you a sense of where we are at a high level and we'll go into a lot more detail in the May earnings call. But right now, we see, fiscal year '20 as being flattish to up slightly at the consolidated level on the top line, mobile flat, flattish year-over-year. But just really on the mobile side just too early for us to make a call on greater strength in the handset market. We do believe 5G is going to drive volume in both handsets and RF content, but there is little impact of that, we think, in fiscal '20 as we see it.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. I just was going to say, thrilled with what we see in IDP and continued growth there as that business nears a $1 billion revenue. Cost reduction actions we're taking are going to help next year on gross margins. Again, too early to call because we are still in our planning cycle, but as we see it, we do see expanding gross margins next year even with the burden of Florida and Farmers Branch, which I laid out earlier. Just trying to give you a sense of profile and you've seen this from us before, from fourth quarter to first quarter, we are going to be down on gross margin. So we should be -- we expect to be below 46% in the first quarter on gross margin and that's related to loading and mix, but the rest of the year, we see roughly back to what you saw in the back half of this year. So we feel great about the business and how we've been able to move gross margin and as we make these changes, and our portfolio changes take hold, we will be -- we expect to be targeting over $50 million and see over $50 million as we go forward. OpEx, we expect to be in control, maybe up slightly and taxes up a bit. On free cash flow, we expect -- we've had great progress on free cash flow. Last three years, we've nearly tripled it. Free cash flow margins have gone from 7% to over 20%, but we see a year next year of modest growth in CapEx, if any, and just focused on investing in the right technologies, selecting the right products and markets in which to compete, continuously improving the operations, and finally, reducing capital intensity.
Mark Murphy: Yes. We are experiencing what we've been thriving to do with the business all along and we've been very accurate by the way on our ability to forecast. We've hit -- excluding the Florida hurricane miss that we had, we've hit every gross margin forecast since December 16. So we feel great about our ability to understand what's happening in the market and the profile of the margins. Initially in the early part of the year, we have clearly the addition of that Farmers Branch period costs, then we just have mix effects and the lower revenues at the beginning of the year, and then, through the year, we see positive mix effects, both products and in James' businesses. His business continues to outpace the overall business, and then, those period cost effects have a lesser effect until at the back end of the year those period cost effects are minimal. So we've got, we believe a clear read on continued progression of an expansion of gross margin year-over-year. And it's about investing in the right products, continue to operate well and minimizing our capital footprint.
Mark Murphy: Yes, it's pretty easy to share. Year-over-year, it's the Florida and Farmers Branch period costs effect. So in the case of Florida around $8 million, and in the case of Farmers Branch, at $5 million in that March quarter, so $13 million total of headwind year-over-year.
Mark Murphy: We're in the electronic space, so pricing goes down on a number of products and we work to replace those in future generations of more integrated, more advanced, better margin products.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. China revenue for the Company, ballpark, 30%, and then, we will be down sequentially in the business in China. Still up year-over-year.
Mark Murphy: I was talking about the Company as a whole. Mobile products coincidentally also is now 30% of the mobile business and in the fourth quarter, we will be down both sequentially and year-over-year.
Mark Murphy: And then I'll just make a comment that in the March quarter we actually expect to have three 10% customers, which we have -- last time we had that was fourth quarter of '16 or March of '16.
Mark Murphy: Yes. So Craig we had -- outside the ASR, we had record repurchases in the quarter of $152 million. I think the last three quarters have been the three out of the four largest repurchase periods outside the ASR. We have just under $700 million left in the authorization, expect to continue to make progress working that down as we see the free cash flow of the business continuing to be strong. And we see, frankly, the stock price being at a level that we would continue buying back our shares. Of course, we continue to look at M&A, continuing to keep tabs of the environment and as you know, the rate and pace is a function of many factors.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thanks, Chris. Bob. Number one, we've been talking for some time now about our SAW capacity in Florida. We've talked about the charges that Mark had previously went through with you, how much it was costing us a quarter, and given some great work that the team has done in being able to bring up some of that in-house in Greensboro and consolidate some things, I think, it really is just a function of a lot of good work being done by the team, and being able to consolidate the operation and close the facility. We will be end of lifing a few of those products there that have been lingering on, but it's the right thing to put us in the right manufacturing footprint. On Farmers Branch, the team has done an excellent job there in bringing up the capacity. We're real pleased with the yields. I also think given the team and what they are now looking at from a market realities that I went through with the handset volumes in the smartphone and what's going on with replacement cycles, the overall demand in smartphones, it just made sense for us given looking at the programs that we've got laid out that we believe we're going to support between now and 2020 as Mark pointed out. It was the right thing to just delay bringing that factory up, it's still well within our plans to bring it up as Mark outlined.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. Thanks Blayne. At a real high level, we are seeing our largest customer down, China down again this quarter, it was down last quarter, as we commented, we're taking a measured look at that. So it's playing out kind of as we've expected, but for this quarter it's going to be down more than we expected and that's being offset by -- we're seeing tremendous growth in Huawei as we've gained back share and have been talking about that for about three quarters, along with we're really starting to see the growth come back at Samsung that we've also talked about. So those things are actually offsetting a pretty steep decline, as you pointed out, in a couple of other places.
Bob Bruggeworth: Harsh, I appreciate you asking the difficult questions so early in the call, it is a little difficult for us to call that. I think we are being realistic in what we think is going to happen in the March quarter and it is a little too soon to call, but I do expect China to start to come back some. As Mark commented and I did as well, our inventory channels are pretty healthy. So I think as they continue to release some new phones, and again that's ex-Huawei just to be clear, and our largest customer, we'll let them decide what they're going to do.
Bob Bruggeworth: As we look at March, let's just say, they're both down significantly because we're having a really nice ramp at two other customers. I think I'll leave it at that.
Bob Bruggeworth: Let me talk about strength first and we'll talk about a couple of the challenges in the business. Certainly, seeing strength in the base station business, and I talked about that really driven by 5G. We've also seen strength in our broadband, our cable TV business and that's been driven by the strength in the DOCSIS 3.1 deployments. So both nice growth drivers for the quarter. On the headwind side was our WiFi business and we talked about that last quarter, several factors there. One is there has been a delay in the AX or WiFi 6 standard release, still some unrelated materials shortages and some impact of tariffs as some of our customers relocate their manufacturing outside of China, but we believe that business has found its bottom and is starting to recover back. And then, in general, our defense business is just lumpy as it's been for years. It's on -- the underlying foundations are very, very good and growing, but we do end up having up and down quarters in defense based really on large production programs.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. It's a excellent question. So you're right, we're still very enthusiastic about our investments and replacement in the markets, antenna tuning driven by the complexity of trying to get all the radios into the industrial design of today's handsets. That's fundamentally going to continue to be a very important market, especially as you add 5G. Envelope tracking power management as well is a great area for us and we see more and more adoption of our sorts of architectures. And in BAW-based modules, especially highly integrated ones, we will be in production with the top six handset manufacturers to share with integrated mid and high band module. So it's, great, especially as 4X4 MIMO, LTE Advanced Pro comes in, that's a lot of additional content. The headwind is of course units and as units are soft in the handset market or smartphone market overall, and the trend, at least, what we saw in the last quarter, is that it's really the high-end of the flagship models that have been slowing more than the overall market even. And of course, we're pretty levered to that. So I think that's where there is a little caution during calendar '19, but to your point, in '20, we see a very clear ramp of 5G handsets. In our Analyst Day, we mentioned, it's about $1 billion worth of additional market in calendar '20 due to 5G and we're not backing down on that at all. So despite the challenges in the TAM in CY '19, we see a clear path to solid growth in calendar '20.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. Thank you, Vivek. And appreciate your kind words about the work that the IDP team is doing to deliver solid results. And we've talked, I think, in many of the past calls that from an M&A outlook we do consider and have bought companies to support under James business in IDP. We will continue to look and do so. In the area of mobile, we continue to look at opportunities to bring in technologies as well as other companies. So we have a very active funnel, but at the end of the day, we want to make sure we bring in opportunities that we believe we're better owner and we can create and deliver shareholder value and we will continue to do so. So we did a very good job on the couple of these so far and we will continue to look.
Bob Bruggeworth: I will tell you, Qualcomm's a great company. As you pointed out, we do work with them, we do have a lot of products that sit beside there's, whether it's WiFi or cellular, so I'll let Eric, if you would like to address a little bit more than that, I mean.
Bob Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us on tonight's call. We hope to see you at upcoming investor meetings. We look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter call. Thank you and have a good night.
James Klein: Yeah. Great question. And before I answer, I'd like to take the opportunity to recognize the IDP team and the functions that support the business. We had a great quarter, record revenue, record profit and it wouldn't have happened without the great team that we've built supporting the business. So I just want to say thanks to the team. We're really excited about 5G and what the opportunities are it's bringing to the business. We see product ramps at several of our customers and the ramps are including these new technologies we've been talking about of massive MIMO antennas and GaN power amplifiers. As Bob stated, the content gains for us are significant, approximately $12,000 RF content in the each of the base stations with MIMO. On GaN, we're also ramping several customers to support these deployments. We have products in volume production that support 2.6, 3.5 and 4.9 gigahertz. In total, 5G represents a $1 billion opportunity for us. Today, It's a $600 million or $700 million market in 2019 and that will accelerate to about $1 billion opportunity for us in 2020.
James Klein: Yes. So really no change Bill to what we've talked about. We've just hit our 11th in a row quarter of double-digit growth. We're certainly trying to do that again for next quarter. We still believe the underlying markets are going to grow in that 10% to 15% range, driven by those underlying market things like the adoption of 5G and phased arrays coming into defense, massive MIMO will come in to base station. And then just the general proliferation of IoT. So I think, we'll see that 10% to 15% growth in underlying markets and I'm still confident that we'll do as well as that, if not better, than those underlying markets.
James Klein: Absolutely. So, we're heavily engaged with key OEMs and Tier 1s really across multiple different areas, WiFi, DSRC, cellular VITA X, LTE/5G, RF front ends, digital radio or satellite radio, and also co-existence filtering. Today, that represents about a $700 million SAM as we get into 2021 and we're we are really trying to support multiple customers and trying to move into all of those spaces. I think it's still relatively early in. We are definitely shipping into the automotive market, but the big uptick for us will be as we enter into 2021 and 2022 car year models.
Eric Creviston: Sure. Yes, we're still quite enthusiastic about our opportunities overall in the flagship space. As I mentioned, integration in the mid and high band is really driven by high order multiplexers, which are enabled by high performance BAW filters. We're well positioned or we are one of only two heavyweights in this space right now and we're competing on a level playing field here. There's a lot to be done. There's a lot of these products to be developed and we're working hard to get our engineering at scale to be able to fully staff all the opportunities, frankly. Regarding new entrants in the market, of course, given how attractive this segment is, the growth potential in margin within that space, so there is going to be people that are going to continually trying to enter it. We will just remind you of how many years it takes to get from a working technology to a filter product to a duplexer, then a high order multiplexer and all the other integration needed to enter the highly integrated mid and high band space, but there are a lot of other opportunities involved as well, discrete filters and so forth and WiFi and you really find it all over the phone going forward. So, it's a great space, we're trying to get our engineering capability scale to build a fully step up those opportunities.
Eric Creviston: Yes. I think you're right. We do go to market together and in a lot of cases it will continue in the future. If you look at about 70% of the smartphone market, it's the top three OEMs and they tend to pick and choose the RF component and the baseband separately and do that integration. We see that continuing. So in other parts of the market, I know that they have aspirations, but I can tell you all of our customers are working with us to integrate our solutions onto all the baseband suppliers' designs.
Eric Creviston: So regarding the BAW-based area, actually, we are reevaluating the entry point in the market for that. As I mentioned earlier, we're just seeing tremendous need to staff a lot of the programs in the mid and high of the main path. As you can imagine, now that we've entered with all the top six OEMs, now there is a demand for many variants and variations in next generations and there are new basebands coming along, which we're being asked to pair to. So, there is a lot of work to be done there and we are doubling down if you will, to make sure we can fully staff those opportunities. To your point though, year-over-year our BAW-based business is going to grow very nicely. That doesn't change. The timing of when exactly we need Farmers Branch is depending upon exact products and the amount of BAW content in any one of them.
Eric Creviston: Well, certainly defense remains very strong position for us in GaN. And you are right, in the base station side of the market it is starting to significantly ramp as well and we are ramping products across all those frequencies that I talked about earlier, and products into multiple OEMs. But also inside of the 5G ramp, we also have a very nice position in things like LNAs and switches and driver amplifiers, so really the whole rest of the RF chain and that's what drives that potential content up to well over $1,000 in Massive MIMO antennas. We do expect that the number of Massive MIMO channels will actually eclipse macro channels in 2019. So it shows you a little bit of the growth rate there. And I didn't say it earlier, but I think we do see line of sight to a $1 billion run rate. So that's certainly the journey that we're on now.
Eric Creviston: Sure. Yeah. We have obviously a lot of design momentum. We feel confident that we have no technology handicap of anything. We have got certain performance parameters that favor our technology. The complexity is increasing. And as I mentioned, we're being asked to support multiple basebands across multiple customers. So there's a lot of work to do, and in light of the challenging overall environment, of course, we're keeping our overall OpEx in check in and managing to -- at the same time bulk up our capability around the highly integrated BAW filter design modules. So, a lot of enthusiasm for a lot of customer diversification coming and product diversification coming as well in that category.
