William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the March quarter increased 3.5% sequentially to $280.6 million. CPG revenue was $225.7 million, up approximately 1.4% sequentially and 59% year-over-year. And MPG revenue was $54.9 million, up approximately 13% sequentially and 20% year-over-year. Our robust growth continues to reflect our sharp focus on diversification, category expansion and content gain in the large market supporting data mobility. Gross profit for the quarter was $96.7 million with gross margin of 34.4%. Compared to the March quarter 1 year ago, a 49% increase in revenue supported a 59% increase in gross profit. Operating expenses were $76 million with G&A of $12.6 million, sales and marketing of $16.7 million and research and development of $46.8 million. RFMD's play-to-win research and development emphasis is resulting in content gains and category expansion across a broad set of smartphone manufacturers and chipset providers. The acquisition, Amalfi, added approximately $2.3 million in operating expenses for the fourth quarter. Operating income for the March quarter was $20.6 million representing approximately 7.3% of sales. Other expense was $1.4 million and non-GAAP taxes were approximately $2.1 million. Net income for the quarter was $17.1 million or $0.06 per diluted share based on 285.8 million -- 285.5 shares. Now going to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments totaled $179.6 million. Cash flow from operations was $10 million. DSOs were 46.5 days compared to 49 days in Q3. RFMD inventory balance of $161.2 million resulted in 4.8 turns as compared to 4.6 turns last quarter. Net property plant and equipment was $191.9 million -- $191.1 million, and CapEx during the quarter was $20.4 million with depreciation of $11.7 million and intangible amortization of $7.3 million. Return on invested capital was 20% for the quarter. During the quarter, RFMD made a $10 million investment to secure duplexer capacity to support product ramps in the second half of our fiscal year. Now for the financial outlook and business commentary. Product leadership is driving RFMD's revenue growth and diversification. Operational excellence is driving significant and sustainable changes to our cost structure. We're excited about the margin expansion and earnings leverage, the combination of these 2 forces provide. Most specifically, we expect to drive substantial margin improvement through the multiple activities -- through multiple activities, including the migration of our 2G product portfolio to our lower cost best-in-class RF CMOS technology. The addition of internal assembly capacity to increase the percent we in-source, the completion of the exit of our U.K. facility and the resulting improvement in utilization in our Greensboro gallium arsenide fab. We believe these activities will drop 3 to 4 points of margin expansion in the second half of this fiscal year. Revenue growth, margin expansion and flattening expenses is a recipe for earnings power and this is what we're committed to deliver. In the current quarter, RFMD's financial outlook reflects the company's current expectations for the timing of key customer program ramps and continued strength in 2G and high-performance WiFi. With this, RFMD currently believes the demand environment in our end markets supports the following financial projections and expectations for the June 2013 quarter. RFMD expects quarterly revenue to increase to approximately $285 million to $290 million. RFMD expects non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 15% to 20% and RFMD expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $0.07 to $0.08. And with that, we'll open up the call for questions.
William A. Priddy: Yes, thanks for the question, Harsh and yes, I would like to again reiterate how pleased we are with our organization in driving the top line growth. I mean, we're clearly winning in the places that are driving the big volumes and we're beginning to see, also see MPG grow again. So we got a lot of wind at our back in terms of the revenue growth and that's always the first step to improving your earnings. So getting to your margin question, I am very confident in our ability to improve margins this year. In fact, we essentially have already announced either through the new GaAs sourcing strategy where we will be exiting the U.K. facility and also, we'll be increasing the utilization of our Greensboro facility. That is in and of itself, a major opportunity for margin improvement. That's probably the largest single factor. And I think what you'll get out of that is the utilization rates, that if you go back 6 to 10 quarters ago where the company was running at much higher utilization rate and our margin structure was much higher at that time. So we saved about $5 million a quarter by exiting the U.K. And then we also picked up the absorption, the additional absorption of higher utilization in our Greensboro facility. Probably next on the list is the transition to our low-cost silicon CMOS power amplifier that the part is beginning to ramp, is getting widespread acceptance. The business itself is very strong, again, our 2G businesses was strong during the March quarter, expect to be stronger in the June quarter. So now it becomes the rate and pace in which the low-cost version ramps and we see that picking up very dramatically as the year progresses. That's probably about a quarter or so of margin improvement. So that's how we get 3 to 4 points when we also throw in the increased assembly that is very quick payback type of investment.
William A. Priddy: It's a new version of 2G, but it's a much lower cost version and it's going to have a pretty dramatic impact on our margin structure in the 2G area. In fact, we would like to ramp as many of our gallium arsenide to GPA to this solution as possible and as quickly as possible.
William A. Priddy: Well, I didn't get to mention that the margins for the March quarter and probably also on the June quarter, were impacted by mix. If they were a perfect storm, if you will, of how mix could go against you during the quarter, that's kind of what we saw in the March quarter and even so, we were able to print decent margins. So as we get further into the year, we see an opportunity for these major initiatives to begin kicking in, but also the possibility that, that mix could begin to improve and that would actually accelerate the margin expansion. And I don't want to get into too much detail here, but the company has a lot spread of thought on product costs, and it's not just the things that I outlined, but it's other initiatives such as significant reductions in precious metals, lower-cost silicon supply, improved yields and also designing for lower-cost. So we feel that the back half of the year is when you really going to see the significant bump up in gross margin.
William A. Priddy: Yes. Roughly speaking, you're getting probably a little better of 2 points or so of the actions we're taking with our GaAs sourcing strategy. The closure of the U.K. facilities plus the additional utilization of our own facility here in Greensboro, and then we see a port or a little better of margin improvement as we transition to lower-cost CMOS 2G PAs. So that -- those are 2 of the major drivers of the margin improvement, and again, they're well underway and are happening as we speak. As well as the additional assembly capacity that we're fitting in place, which is not going to be insignificant in terms of margin accretion either.
William A. Priddy: First of all, reference of our DSOs, the quarter was very linear. The bookings activity during the quarter was very robust and at least, sitting a nicely booked situation going into the June quarter.
William A. Priddy: Yes. It's happening as we speak, and we're sampling that product across a wide variety of customers and also taking it to customers that we didn't originally fit. As a standalone company, Amalfi really didn't have access to, such as Nokia. So it's getting a lot more acceptance in the marketplace. Now as you know, it takes a while to transition a product family. Boards have to be relayed out and so forth and so on, but that's well underway. We'll begin to see it in the June quarter. We'll see it more so in the September quarter and then by the December quarter, we think we'll be realizing basically full benefit of the transition.
William A. Priddy: The biggest drag on our gross margins have been under-utilization of our fabs and to some -- and the mix aspect, and we see nothing fundamentally that's going to prevent us from getting back to the margin profile that speaks to 10 quarters ago, when we were routinely in -- yes, I'm expecting 40% gross margin.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sure, Harsh, and thanks for your comments and your question. I'll speak a little bit about the March quarter. As you pointed out, it's typically or seasonally down for the industry, but we did see pretty broad-based strength once again in the quarter and we -- maybe in our guidance to The Street was a little conservative in the timing of new programs and some of those ramps. And quite honestly, as we've said in the past, it's always difficult to predict. We know if we're in it, we just don't always know what that ramp profile is going to really look like and the timing, and quite honestly, they hit a lot of our customer forecasts and again we saw broad-based strength. We grew at 5 out of our top 6 customers quarter-over-quarter. So it was very broad-based. I'm very pleased with how that looked and as you've already commented, from the March to June quarters, in fact the last couple of years have been flat to down slightly. And so we're guiding up a little bit. Again, I think it comes down to our view of the timing of new product ramps, and we'll see how it plays out. But we feel very good about how we're positioned. We don't expect to lose any share. Clearly, our year-over-year growth numbers support that and our quarter-over-quarter numbers, we don't expect to lose any share going forward either.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. It really saved a little bit somewhere to what we've seen in the past, about 75% with 3G/4G. And we're not expecting much of a shift in this quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We did have one 10% customer during the quarter, and as far as the white box manufacturers, actually, we were -- we did not grow there quarter-over-quarter. We did see our 2G business grow quarter-over-quarter. So we are expecting that business to pick up this quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. And I wouldn't call it insurance. I mean, we bought equipment that we're placing in suppliers to support our needs.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, that's right. So we talked a little bit last quarter about the fact that we are now reaching out to more OEMs. There really are a couple of major flagship platforms that are carrying, by far, the majority of the volume and we have those wins, so that if you will now for the near-term. So we're feeling very, very good about the antenna-control business. Now it was also part of the product mix frankly in March, it was down in March because of the mix if you will in terms of the handsets that we're shipping again, more of the older handsets in this case that don't use antenna control, so that was part of the product mix. And in the March quarter, we said those products are accretive to corporate gross margins. Going forward though, we do see that product type moving across multiple handsets suppliers also into tablet form factors becoming stable for LTE essentially.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. Thanks for your question. Actually, last quarter we had one 10% customer, so we're pretty much tracking there. It's really our diversification is what we're going and I really don't want to comment too much on all of our customers because not all of them have reported yet.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Today, our share in 2G market, overall, not just the China market is far north of the number that you threw out there and we believe, that we will be able to hold our share as the #1 supplier to this marketplace. Eric, any color you want to add or...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I do want to clarify my comment, I think what we said last quarter was that if we aggregated several suppliers to support one of our customers, you do get to a 10% customer that way. So maybe that's why we said we took away from that 2 10% customers.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as -- what you're really asking is growth rates of the 2 businesses as comparison, and quite honestly, as you well know, we have been doing extremely well in the cellular business with the expanding dollar content. However, I will point out last quarter, MPG grew a little bit faster than our cellular business, so we're definitely making investments. We're investing in some of the higher growth segments at MPG and we'll see how it plays out.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Let's see now where to begin. Competition, well, that's not what we've been used to people entering the market and leaving the market. So I think we'll take it in 2 parts. We like the consolidation that's going on, and as you pointed out, having Javelin acquired, well we kind of like that, so I think that bodes well for the industry. Just to remind the group, we talked about this when we announced that we were acquiring Amalfi. We went out and surveyed the entire CMOS space, and quite honestly, felt Amalfi had the best 2G and 3G products. When we look at the cost structure and the performance of 2G and 3G from Amalfi, we absolutely believe we bought the right company. So kind of parking at that, industry dynamic fantastic of what's going on there. As far as Qualcomm, first, I want to acknowledge Qualcomm's a great company, and we highly value our relationships with these reference design partners such as Qualcomm. I mean, obviously, they're key to our ecosystem. Also we would feel that they acknowledge that this is of growing importance of the RF from-end to the entire system. Yes, there's lots of RF complexity. We talked about that throughout the call in our prepared comments for LTE systems. And if anything, it's going to increase and we talked about some of the new technologies coming like carrier aggregation and envelope tracking and et cetera. So our customers are just going to have ways to increase this integration levels and simplify their designs. Quite frankly, that's what RFMD has been focused on for many years. We think we're in a very good position to continue leading this trend. So from a high level, we don't see much changing. It's really the acknowledgment of this space has a lot of opportunity for growth, a lot of opportunity for problem solving, and I think if you look at our numbers and what we've been able to put up over the last few quarters, I think we've got a good handle on it, but I'll let Eric comment or go any deeper, if he'd like.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. RFMD is winning content on our customers flagship devices, and we're working to expand our content on the flagship devices and key platforms anticipated next year and in 2015. We're winning by leveraging our unique set of competitive strengths and delivering our customers highly differentiated, best-in-class products that solve their complex RF challenges. We anticipate an extended period of diversified revenue growth, and we expect this will support significant operating leverage and earnings growth not only as our top line growth leverages are flattening expense base, but as we generate multiple points of margin improvement. Thank you, and good night.
Norman Hilgendorf: Yes, sure. Thanks, Mike. Yes, we see a continued growth coming from MPG in the next quarter. WiFi certainly is driving a lot of that growth. But we've had some very pleasant surprises in other parts of the business as well: Some new traction in point-to-point radio areas, some new cable TV business, a high-power radar, the end products as well and some significant strength in our overall standard products categories with really broad-based mix of customers and applications. So really we saw an overall blend of increase in customers and markets, so that we really didn't suffer from any negative private mix effects overall in this last quarter. So we're approaching 45% gross margin right now, and with all the company activities on margin improvements and focused on improving factory utilization, we expect to continue to see improvements in overall gross margin in MPG even as WiFi grows at above average rate.
Norman Hilgendorf: Sure, Ed. Thanks for the question on WiFi. It is not predominantly the high band. It's really a mix of low band and high band. And with regards to the standards mix, 802.11ac is really just emerging right now. The bulk of our shipments are still 802.11n, both reduced the significant activity on 11ac it's been very strong and mobile for a couple of quarters with increase in activity and new designs. We really saw a strong pickup in the CPE category with routers, gateways and other enterprise equipment, a lot of new activity there and production programs kicking in for 802.11ac last quarter.
Norman Hilgendorf: And, Mike, with regard to the LTE infrastructure trend and visibility into later in the year, what we're seeing right now is that the wireless infrastructure business overall in the industry, these have stabilized, but at a rather subdued level, I would say. It's still less than historical spending levels. When we look out to the coming year, it's still kind of treading water I would say. We have a couple of customers that are doing -- that are starting to pick up and do better, but I can't say that it's really spread across the entire industry there at this point.
Norman Hilgendorf: We're not going to forecast when that happens. We're just going to focus on diverse -- continuing to diversify our business and winning business that the major accounts, all the accounts actually.
Edward F. Snyder: Couple of questions. WiFi, I imagine that's -- is that predominantly exclusively the 5 gigahertz AC products and then I had a question on duplexers.
Edward F. Snyder: Okay. So it's less than new source and more of existing one, which you want to make sure you got capacity online in case you need it.
Edward F. Snyder: Even if ASPs don't improve too. And then, Phenom, I mean, sounds like you did a lot of MMPA with satellite PAs, all of this is high-efficiency stuff now, isn't it?.
Edward F. Snyder: And then how do you feel about your SOI, most importantly your intended tuner products at this point? You mentioned pre-broadband strength and included antenna tuners. Are you seeing more product or more content with your existing OEMs or is it spreading across new OEMs because typically, it's only been a couple guys using this product.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. So the investment we made in the duplexer supply chain is essentially to assure upside capacity. We've got certain capacities already allocated to us in the industry from multiple suppliers for a couple of key programs. We're expecting some potential upside. We've reserved additional capacity that way. It does apply both to switchers with integrated duplexers and PAs with integrated duplexers. So we're confident the portfolio of both types of products being in production within the next 12 months.
Steven E. Creviston: That's correct. We have again, a large capacity already allocated to us to assure the upside source, we put the extra...
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. It was actually a pretty good mix still, I think, if we get back to the essence of Dean's point of our product mix, what we saw in the March quarter was a lot of our old product had strength. So more of the traditional multimode, multiband power amplifiers from RFMD had a lot of strength. The new ones ramping forward in the new platforms are really just beginning to take off, and that's part of the product mix issue we saw.
Steven E. Creviston: That's exactly right. We're very well positioned not only in the white box manufacturers, but also in the Tier 1, if you will, OEM to play in that space as well. Now we have a broad portfolio with CMOS through gallium arsenide and converting also our customers from 2G to 3G. There's just not enough product development going on. Recently, we can't maintain the #1 position there. Still an exciting market too, I mean, even in 2G proper, if you will, it's 800 million, 900 million units a year still in that marketplace. But there's still a lot of activity there. Of course, we're very excited about converting access for base to 3G as well, and we've got a lot of plans for that with silicon throughout this year. We see a lot of growth in the entry-level smartphone market.
Steven E. Creviston: Absolutely. Thanks, Bob. I think just stepping back and looking at it from a big picture, I think the team's done a fantastic job really of identifying the underlying growth drivers on the market. Now that's really driven our performance in the March quarter year-over-year, and what we expect to continue going forward. So we haven't focused obviously, on identifying those growth drivers. If you go back to ultra high-efficiency power amplifiers really leading that charge and the multimode, multiband power amplifiers. We drove a lot of growth with the industry-leading high-performance [indiscernible] switches, and we continue to see that going and that led us into the antenna control solutions, which has been a great growth driver, and we'll definitely continue for the next several years to drive growth. Now that's kind of our track record that's got us to here. As you look forward, we've got the whole CMOS power amplifier and the investment there, the new technologies. We're really excited about what we can do with that technology in the entries there. We also been talking about envelope tracking and carrier aggregation that's driving the next major wave. As we can see couple of waves beyond that, coming as well, we're deeply embedded in design activity now, across several platforms and key customers for 2015 programs and beyond already. And I think what really -- at the end of the day, what brings it altogether is our focus on the total RF system. So we have best-in-class technologies for each of those component areas that I mentioned, but more importantly, we have the ability to do this systems engineering to bring all of that together and get each customer and each application the exact right fit, the best technology in each slot customized for their application. That's fundamentally what's been driving the growth and that's not full length. The overall requirements for these are getting more complex, more growth in the RF front-end and we're positioned with all these investments to continue to take advantage of those trends.
Steven E. Creviston: I'll just go back to the earlier comments about what we've been focused on for years now, which is solving the actual customer problem. And RFMD has never been a company with a hammer looking for nails. We've got a lot of different technologies, Optimum Technology Matching has been build-in forever. So what we see in terms of the customer demand is application-specific, where you need to really fine tune the technology you bring to it, the overall system integration to get the right balance, the cost of performance across many different segments and tiers. Markets over 2 billion units a year, there's not a one-size-fits-all solution. It's very complicated. So that's our business and customers seem to still be asking for things the way we're doing it.
