James Klein: Yes. Karl, this is James. Thanks for the question. I think the underlying trends for the business are where we said they've been for the last several quarters. We've got a great position in 5G with the rollout of massive MIMO, with the adoption of GaN and the adoption of higher frequencies. I think those are all very good trends for us, and we've got great momentum coming out of this first year of deployments, predominantly in China.  WiFi 6 continues to roll out. We've had a string of record quarters for that part of the business. And again, I expect that to continue. And as Bob mentioned, we see 6E coming right at the end of that string of results and really allows for another opportunity to update hardware.  And then our defense business just continues to provide a very solid base to the business with really some of the same underlying trends that we've seen before with the adoption of GaN and phased-array antennas coming to play in that market. So overall, I think we're positioned very well for the business to continue on this 10% to 15% trend that we've been on for several years.
James Klein: Yes. Thanks for the question, Bill. As Mark said last quarter, and I think we're tracking pretty close to that, you'll see us -- Q3, we've already said 270. I think Q4 will be very similar to the mark -- to the range that Mark talked about last quarter. And then we'll see that growth start back in Q1 of next fiscal year.  And as I said before, I think the underlying markets really support our ability to grow at 10% to 15% and perhaps somewhere in the high range of that, we'll see. We had an absolutely great first half. If you look at our first half of this year compared to the same period last year, we grew 55%. And the year-over-year growth rate for the quarter we're guiding now is about 30%. So we've got some very, very nice trends going on in the business. We've got great technology. Really, really strong partnerships with our customers.  So I think we're going to go through some lumpiness with the deployment of 5G, and then it's going to pick right back up as we go into our fourth quarter and into the first part of our FY '22.
James Klein: Yes. I mean adoption has really been broad-based, Gary. So we see pretty much all of the OEMs, and I guess I can say all of the OEMs, have programs related to GaN. Multiple of those OEMs have those products into production and typically in a massive MIMO construct, so relatively high content in all of those. We've got wins across, again, multiple of those OEMs that are supporting both deployments in China and in other parts of the world. So I think adoption is going very, very good. We had a great GaN quarter. We tied our record from the quarter before. And we've almost quadrupled our GaN business from period -- the same period last year. So I think those trends are just like we have projected that 5G is really going to drive MIMO and higher frequencies, and that's going to drive the adoption of GaN.  We're very focused on scaling the technology and continuing to improve the performance and -- so that we can continue this ramp as we go because we very much are in the early innings of 5G deployments around the world.
Mark Murphy: Karl, this is Mark. No change in our capital allocation message. We have -- our primary source of capital return has been share repurchase, which, as you can see, we did about 44% of our free cash flow this quarter. If you remember, we were -- since we're doing an updated guide, and we were also on the capital markets, we had periods of the quarter we were unable to repurchase outside of the 10b5-1. So -- but we still view share repurchase as our capital return source.  To your broader question on our capital returns overall, we've -- I want to point out that we reached a milestone this quarter, and that the last 12 months, free cash flow margin of the business reached about 25%, which is noteworthy in our view. And we've generated about $860 million of free cash over the last 12 months. We've deployed about $700 million of that to acquisitions, and we've repurchased over $400 million worth of stock. So we've deployed $1.1 billion on $860 million of free cash.  And then the last six quarters, we've deployed even more. We've generated $1.2 billion of cash. We've bought about $1 billion worth of companies, and we've repurchased about $700 million worth of stock. And since inception, we've returned to shareholders 113% of our free cash flow or $3.1 billion at an average price of $63. So we've had a successful capital return plan, and we continue to look at acquisitions. We've done 5 now in the past 6 quarters. We continue to look at where it makes sense, in markets, customers, technology. As you've mentioned, we've been focused on bolt-ons, which we've done 2 bolt-ons for James' business and technology additions, which we've done 3 of those. And we're feeling very good about what we've done, the capital we've deployed and have a lot of confidence going forward.  Of the five that we've done over the past 1.5 years, we feel very strongly they serve important and growing markets. We've been able to integrate them very quickly, and the teams are thriving within Qorvo. They're performing as or better than expected.  And then finally, we're -- as you can see from the 7Hugs, we're investing in the assets we've acquired. So feeling good about both deploying capital inorganically and then feel our capital return has been strong to shareholders.
Mark Murphy: So Toshi, as it relates to the December quarter gross margin, as you mentioned, we're forecasting 52.5%, so 80 basis points up. You're correct in that we've got an increased mobile mix, but there are many forms of mix, one of which is product mix. So we've got some favorability there. About half of that 80 basis points is actually mix effects.  The other half is manufacturing costs continue to be a tailwind for us and just outstanding performance by the ops team. We've got higher volumes, of course, which is helping us on absorption, but we've also had very good test yields, which we forecast to improve. And then we've had excellent spend control. And then -- and all these things have been contributing. We expect that to continue to help us in the December quarter.  Since I am talking -- before I talk to a longer-term margin trend, Toshiya, I'll mention that we do expect -- as you see in our business sometimes, we do expect gross margins to decline actually in the March quarter. Some of that will be mix effects. We expect lower volumes in the March quarter. So we'll have some absorption effects and then -- and some other factors. And we expect gross margins to go down about 150 basis points or so from the third quarter to the fourth quarter.  Longer term, we continue to -- we've -- it's taken us a number of years to sort of get things aligned in the company. And I would go back to the merger where there was a recognition that we needed to get the best-in-class technologies and the ability to scale them to serve what was going to be a multiyear technology trend, and we're here. So it started from efforts to invest in the right technologies. We had several years of working on the right portfolio of products. And then we also had several years of getting the operations in order and driving productivity, rightsizing the footprint and then being very diligent or more circumspect about capital spend, which continues to trend down as a percent of sales, we've been able to reduce our capital intensity.  So a multi-disciplined effort within the company, and we're going to continue to do those things. We still have room in the fab network -- factory network to expand volume, so we could still get better absorption. Paul and his team are doing a remarkable job on productivity, driving -- still doing 6- to 8-inch conversions in BAW, 4- to 6-inch in GaN. Micro-BAW has been introduced and is growing as a share of our products. And again, excellent job on cycle times, spend control and a raft of other productivity projects. So -- and then finally, we're leveraging our supply chain partners better.  So when you add all those things, premium technology portfolio, active product portfolio management, driving productivity throughout the org and then reducing the capital intensity of the business, we think we're going to be able to sustain or expand gross margins as we go forward beyond fiscal '21.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Vivek, it's Mark. We're not going to give detailed guidance on March but maybe make a couple of comments here. I think the most important thing is that we believe the technology upgrade cycle for 5G is multiyear in both handsets and infrastructure. So -- and that applies to broader connectivity trends as well which we think are durable. So -- but there is a lot of uncertainty still on the broader market on the rate and pace of the rollout and maybe in the immediate term. And then, of course, we've got the associated effects of the pandemic, the global economic recovery and other factors.  I would add that the pickup in 5G and work from home and other demand factors are actually straining parts of the supply chain. And as you said, we do need to watch sell-through. I mean fortunately for us, our inventories are good and our -- and we've also got -- the supply chain inventories are lean. And we're focused on doing everything we can to meet customer needs.  But to your -- directly to your question for March, we think it's reasonable to assume some sort of decline over what's a very, very strong December. We would say 10% or more sequential decline would -- is a view we have currently for our guide. And then we would expect, as I mentioned, Vivek, gross margin to decline sequentially 150 basis points or more on lower volumes, some mix effects and other factors. We would still be up on gross margin year-over-year 100 basis points or more. And then we would expect OpEx to be flat to up as we continue to invest for the long term. But I would leave it with we -- again, we view this as a multiyear secular trend and are investing appropriately.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Craig, we typically don't break out mix in detail, but you're correct. I mean what's helping us is this ongoing trend of integration, and particularly BAW-related modules. As you know, our largest fab is Richardson, so largest cost structure. So volumes and continued growth in BAWs is important, and that's helping.  And there are other products where we have highly specialized technology that is helpful in the mix as well. But certainly, BAW and -- both BAW and other integrated modules is a part of the favorable mix.
Mark Murphy: Yes. Ed, I'm not sure exactly what your question is. Your figures are correct in that historical data, but we've invested a lot in the business since then. And as you know, there were efforts to rationalize the footprint, make it suited to how we want to take the business forward and, as Eric just said, a lot around active portfolio management. We're at a point now where we've steadily increased gross margins from a low September '16. And we feel good about -- well we feel great about the technology and the business.  As Eric talked through, we're making the right product decisions that are best for our customers and for us. The operations team is performing very well and there's a lot of runway on productivity, and we'll continue to -- that will continue to hopefully be a tailwind on margins or should be.  And then we've got -- we're reducing our capital intensity. And all that points to we should be able to sustain these levels, and over time, don't see why we shouldn't be able to expand margins.
Steven Creviston: Yes. Thanks, Toshiya. This is Eric. Just to talk about ultra-wideband, how big it could be, we haven't really set public numbers for what the internal revenue for ultra-wideband might be. But as you know, there's very few players in the area, and the Decawave team that we've acquired really pioneered the latest version of ultra-wideband, the impulse radio type, which is what gives it the capability of proximity awareness and internal navigation and so forth. So we see those as being the key real opportunities for ultra-wideband going forward.  And as Mark said, we think that proliferation in the mobile phone will become sort of the infrastructure of the hub for many, many applications like consumer IoT, smart home. Of course, automotive, you will access your car from your phone. And even in industrial IoT applications as well there'll be opportunities there. So it's just a very target-rich environment. And we have said that we expect within 4 years, kind of in calendar '24, it's somewhere between 2 billion and 4 billion units. Again, very limited number of people supplying that market.  We think we have the broadest approach to the solution. We have the ability to not only serve the mobile phone but all the accessories that talk to the mobile phone as well as automotive and all the industrial IoT verticals. So we're really excited about the capability and the growth prospects for the business, for sure.
Steven Creviston: Yes. Looking into December and that strength, it's again not Huawei, as we said. But other than that, it's really pretty broad-based across Android as well as iOS. But also within Android, China is still continuing to look very strong. We're still in the very early innings of the 5G rollout, and there's a lot of subs there. So it's really fairly broad-based in the current view.
Steven Creviston: Yes. Thanks for the question, Vivek. I don't think there's really been any change. We've talked a bit about this before. I think different companies view the RF TAM differently or what they choose to put into their RF business. And in the case of Qualcomm, they got a lot of other features and functionalities that they include that aren't addressed by the RF community generally. So power management pieces, I think they're probably benefiting quite well from the initial rollout of millimeter wave. In that there, we believe, at least, including a great deal of functionality and content that is not RF at all by nature. So it's just a question of what they put into what they call RF, I think, more than anything else.  In terms of their attach rate and true RF components under their baseband, we haven't seen any real change in that dynamic there. We're -- our customers are looking for best-in-class RF components, and the vast majority of the actual RF content is not generally addressable by them competitively, at least in the mass market. So there's a lot of opportunity, and we haven't really seen the dynamic change.
Steven Creviston: Yes. Thanks, Harsh. This is Eric again. When we look at millimeter wave, I think it's important to realize, I mean, Qorvo is certainly a technology leader in millimeter wave. The work that James and his group has been doing for decades to provide millimeter wave in incredibly high-performance situations is second to none. And our customers have validated that.  If we go up and do component-level evaluations of various functions in the millimeter wave front end, there's no question, there'd be a huge advantage to the system at going with our technology. So the question is really the rate and pace of the rollout and seeing how the economics play out. I think as of now, we're sort of testing the waters in millimeter wave. So customers are employing sort of easy-to-use integrated solutions. They don't have the best performance. But for now, the real question is whether there's any infrastructure to talk to. There's rollouts, of course, across dozens of cities, but they're incredibly limited in terms of coverage area and real-world dynamics of getting the signal in and out in a reasonable way. And the cost of employing the infrastructure and being able to be mobile, but they need device on a millimeter wave network. There's just a lot of questions that haven't been sorted out.  So I think it's great that it's being tested. As an RF company, we would be thrilled if it becomes mainstream, and we would love to participate in it. I think customers have all evaluated our technology. It's really a matter of waiting to see if the need really survives the first 1 or 2 generations.
Steven Creviston: Yes. So see, there's probably two ways to think about it. So we said the units for 5G we expect to roughly double again next year, so from 250 to 500. But on that doubling, the content increase is staying at roughly the same at $5 to $7, depending upon the tier and the exact model, right? So in that sense, you're seeing the units are same. But then longer term, I think you're going to see the same dynamic that's driven 4G. So we're still very early in the 5G cycle.  There are new bands still coming. And within the bands, they're trying to find ways to use more of the spectrum. And so there's going to be a priority on higher technology to monetize all that spectrum and get the data out of it that 5G promises. We're also just beginning to see these dual connect modules where we've got dual transmit antennas now for 5G, and some of these are really challenging, frequency allocations and the bands that they want to transfer on simultaneously. That's going to add an awful lot of complexity and challenge for RF, which will drive even more value there, I think.  And so we're investing in the areas that we think are going to be our customers' toughest challenges. So as the RF gets harder and more complex and more valuable, we're going to be positioned to provide the best technology to solve the problem.
Steven Creviston: Yes. It's a good question. As you know, 4G sort of grew up discrete, and as it became more complicated and more bands, integration became required really to fit everything into the space. And 5G is essentially launched with fully integrated modules. And to date, I don't believe we're aware of any design that's going discrete. It's just very, very, very complex. And once you're used to having a highly integrated fairly miniaturized compact RF solution, it's really hard to undo that and go to discrete solutions because you still have to do all of this on multiband operation and multiplexing and so forth. So it's very hard for a phone customer to match these things on the phone board. So if not 100%, the vast majority of 5G phones are continuing to use fully integrated solutions.
Steven Creviston: Yes. So I think that since we formed Qorvo, we really had a focus on looking at the full architecture because we've got visibility into it and investing in the key technologies that are going to solve the customers' toughest problems. And you're right, we've got tremendous expertise around the antenna systems, not just tuning, but also multiplexing and antennaplexing and switching and LNAs and all the things you need to make the antenna networks work. And you know that's getting to be more and more and more important regardless of the tier or the customer base, right? But also the advanced power management that we have, which is a very specialized power management to help in these high-modulation standards, we're going to continue to invest in that. We think there's new opportunities there.  Our BAW filtering, we believe we're second to none now. And we're not slowing down. We've got many, many more improvements and steps-up in performance and cost, as well reduction for BAWs. So that's going to be the anchor of a whole suite of modules, as you're indicating, even the receive modules that have transmit capability in them. And then all of the main path modules will continue to rely heavily on BAW.  So I don't think we're limited at all of where we play. It's a target-rich environment for us. We're kind of prioritizing our investments to where we think we'd get the best ROI. I think it's going really well. And we're going to continue to build out the portfolio and continue to play in more and more areas as we see them being attractive.
Robert Bruggeworth: Toshi, as far as IoT revenues, they're very meaningful, but we have not broken those out, but it is sizable and growing very nicely. We're very pleased with that. And our automotive business today is reasonable size but also growing very nicely and should grow substantially over the next few years.
Robert Bruggeworth: Yes. Thanks, Gary. Number one, as you pointed out, our license is for certain mobile products, not IDP. So you're correct, let's get that clean. And we're working with the customer. But I think we pointed out on our last quarter call that we're very fortunate that we have the same products that we sell to all these customers, and they go with multiple basebands. So from a supply perspective, we're very fortunate with our inventories that we sell the same components to all these guys. And the mobile team has done a fantastic job of designing products that will work across customers and across basebands.
Robert Bruggeworth: Yes. We haven't shipped GaN to Huawei for quite a long time, well over a year, over a year. So we've been seeing tremendous growth in our GaN business, as James loves to talk about, and I'll let him go through that, to multiple customers, as I said in my opening remarks. But I can tell James would love to answer this. So James, go ahead. The show is yours.
Robert Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us on our call tonight. We'll be presenting via webcast at upcoming investor conferences, and we invite everyone to listen in. Thanks again, and have a great night.
