Robert Bruggeworth: Toshiya, thanks for your question. And it does seem there's some reports last night have created some confusion about our business. So I think it's best I go ahead and address it now that you gave me the opportunity with your first question. Based on our known design wins and engagements with our largest customer, one of our competitors, I think, it's been named Qualcomm, we don't believe they're competing on any of the sockets we're engaged in, they did not win any sockets that we've been in, nor do we see them challenging our share in any of the sockets we're competing for or investing in at our largest customer. In fact, you can ask them. We're quite confident, they would tell you the same thing. Now specifically to ultra-high band, we've made it clear on past calls, it was a multi-source socket, and we were the only company that consistently won over the last three years. We've never had 100% share of the ultra-high band. In fact, you can look at teardowns of the latest iPhone and see Qorvo won the ultra-high band in the Pro and Pro Max models. I know, I've said and many of our teams said consistently that this is a performance driven customer and we're winning based on multi-year engagements, our technology investments, and clearly our product performance. And we expect to grow with our largest customer in FY 2025 and grow even more in FY 2026. I wish I could give you more specifics, but I think that answers your question, Toshiya.
Robert Bruggeworth: Yeah, and it's an interesting one. So we've been in the discrete filter market. It's just not been a huge business for us because we focus more on the modules, as you said. But it's a very good performing module. It is for 5G, not for Wi-Fi. And I like to use an example, as customers even in that tier of the market are paying for performance. They want the latest and greatest technology from us. And even on a very base product, like a discrete filter, they're still looking for performance. So we're pretty excited about those products.
Robert Bruggeworth: Yes, thanks for the question, Karl. It's primarily the Android ecosystem, so it would include all the Android manufacturers, because we're seeing some of -- in China, the manufacturers that are not [indiscernible] also moving into 5G. So it's a broad comment across the Android ecosystem is what we see driving most of that growth.
Robert Bruggeworth: I think I commented on this earlier. I mean we've been working with these customers for a very, very long time. In fact, I was just in China last quarter, sat with all of these customers talking about our long-term roadmaps and we mentioned the awards we got. I mean, there's a lot of trust and relationship that's been built up over the years. So we're very confident that we'll continue to enjoy our leadership position there. And other competitors, I mean, they may come and go, but we feel confident we'll maintain our leadership position there.
Robert Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us on the call tonight. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to speaking with many of you at upcoming investor events. Thanks again, and have a great evening.
Grant Brown: Sure, Toshiya. Let me try and take all those in order. So the first one in terms of the impact from the underutilization charges, it's about half, maybe a little less than half of what we had previously reported. And as I pointed out, we'll be working through those higher cost inventories over the balance of this year and should clear them in the second half. So that should give you a sense of the timing there. There's a lot of moving factors that influence gross margin in addition to underutilization. So the timing of where something was built, when it was built, and then in any given period when it's sold. In the September quarter, for example, we had a relatively high percentage of product mix that was manufactured at external silicon foundries and then processed at third-party OSATs versus a higher percentage in the December and what we anticipate in March to be manufactured internally during prior periods of lower utilization. So there's this lag effect I described last quarter. The underutilization in past periods obviously conferred in the products sold in future periods. But beyond March, no change to our guidance of returning to 50% plus gross margin over time. We have line of sight to get there. Once we sell through the high-cost inventories, as I mentioned, it's encouraging on the utilization front as it's improving and will continue to execute on further productivity opportunities as well. I've commented in my prepared remarks that we expect to have worked through all of that as I mentioned in the second half and that'll clear the path for margins that reflect higher levels of factory utilization going forward.
Grant Brown: Sure. The cash flow question, I think -- as we look forward, as I've always said, we'll follow the P&L. So, largely that'll be dictated by our -- by the growth that Bob mentioned in fiscal 2025 and 2026. In terms of our CapEx as a percentage of the top line, we do expect it to continue in that 5% or less category. If there are capacity additions made, it will be in response to demand and the capacity required to serve it. As it relates to the sale of Beijing and Dezhou, we're really excited to partner with Luxshare as we transition those sites. The agreement is over multiple years, and there is obviously some benefits there for Qorvo as the volume increases, and we found a great partner to help reduce our capital intensity and we're confident in their ability to provide the cost improvements that we'd expect over time in a rather similar relationship to what we incur today cost-wise at those locations.
Grant Brown: Sure. So, those are all productivity enhancements, and then as we talked about, it's largely a utilization, a function of utilization. So in addition to just shuttering some of those facilities that you mentioned, we're also producing significantly smaller die. And so we have effective capacity that has grown regardless of the number of wafers. So you can get more die out of a given wafers. So there's productivity there. And I would say there's a lot of productivity opportunities for us looking forward as we work into that across the board. So, there's productivity initiatives that we still have to do, and in terms of why we haven't achieved 50%, it's, again, largely a utilization issue.
Grant Brown: Sure. Hi, Srini, this is Grant, I'll take that question. We don't guide specifically by segment, but our views are incorporated in the total guidance. I will give a bit of color on each. In APG, we expect substantial year-on-year growth despite the typical sequential decline associated with our largest customers fall ramp, partially offsetting that seasonal decline is healthier channel inventories and improving smartphone unit demand in China, as well as the flagship launch by our largest Android customer. In HPA, we also expect year-over-year growth across all the businesses except base station. From a mixed perspective, the more capital intensive end markets we serve, such as base station and some others, including infrastructure, face headwinds due to the interest rate sensitivity of those customers and some of those larger build-outs. Consequently, defense and aerospace now represents over half of the HPA top line, making that segment a bit more sensitive to the timing of some of those defense programs quarter-to-quarter. In CSG, we also expect year-over-year growth in the March quarter, supported by our WiFi revenue, which we've talked about. It'll be up meaningfully from Q4 last fiscal year. And then slower than expected ramps in IoT-related areas are expected in March, probably persisting through the first half of 2024. Although the auto market appears to be weakening, in general, our secular opportunities there lie in the automotive connectivity areas which are supported by the growing adoption of 5G, WiFi, [indiscernible] and ultra-wideband. I think Dave commented on earlier. We've already announced some significant design wins there in CSG for automotive and smartphone. And we're targeting additional areas including industrial enterprise and smart home.
Grant Brown: Sure. In terms of cash flow next quarter, as you point out, there's a few puts and takes. I would expect CapEx to be up. It's going to follow the level of support for the top line and our capacity additions there for our customers' demand. So I would expect that to be up in the March quarter, but remain on the year under our limit of around 5% well under. The monetization of our receivables is something that I expect will continue. That's been a significant tailwind last quarter, along with the reduction in inventory balances. So, now you're starting to see that come down as we're able to sell through inventories rather than purchase as much new material. So, that helps cash flow. Looking forward, as I've pointed out, rate and pace of our buyback will fluctuate. It's dependent this year on our maturing 2024 notes, which we'll look to take out by December, and then obviously we'll be continuing to grow throughout the calendar year and into fiscal 2025. So, overall, we should see some improvement, but on a quarter-to-quarter basis in March there's some additional items there.
Grant Brown: Thanks for the question, Matt. This is Grant. I'll take that one. We're really excited to bring the Anokiwave team on board here at Qorvo. They bring a highly experienced talent in RF silicon antenna and phased array systems to our D&A group. The technology will complement our existing product portfolio, the beam forming capabilities especially, where we can leverage those with our advanced packaging capabilities. In terms of the deal, we didn't announce the terms as you mentioned, but we do expect to close this quarter and the impact is factored into our guidance. Initially, it'll add revenue in the low single digits per quarter and be slightly dilutive to EPS, but accretive to gross margin and all of that's factored into our guide.
Grant Brown: It's a little early to comment with any specificity on what would be our fiscal 2025 or the balance of this calendar year largely. But absent any macro-related disruptions, as I pointed out, we do expect to grow and improve our gross margins year-on-year. It's worth pointing out that given the content gains and success we're having in our largest customer and the success in our defense and aerospace areas, our revenue seasonality were closely aligned to those customer programs and ramp profiles. So, as we anticipate that quarterly profile or the shape of revenue across 2025, we expect it to look very similar to 2024. Beyond 2025, we're proactively investing, focusing on diversifying our business and pursuing substantial customer platforms where we have the technology to win and the customer engagement to justify that product development.
Grant Brown: This is Grant, I'll take that one too. I would think of Qorvo's having a portfolio of diversified businesses that contribute to the revenue line. No change to our long-term growth metrics that we've commented on in the past. But if you decompose the business, about two-thirds of it is ACG, and this is primarily the smartphones and other cellular devices, including tablets and wearables, that we've largely commented on already. The other third of our revenues composed of our HPA and CSG businesses and HPA over half of that business is now defense and Aerospace and then CSG over half of that business is WiFi currently. It hasn't always been the case and HPA base station used to be significantly larger. Those have better than corporate gross margins typically, and so that's an area where we still have a lot of opportunity, but it's underrepresented in HPA at the time. Between HPA and CSG, there's smaller portfolio businesses that range from $25 million to $75 million annually or so, and they address market opportunities in a billion. So there's a lot of room to grow there, substantiating our comments on the strong double-digit growth rates. Our largest investments are aimed at very large customer programs, as I pointed out, in ACG for fiscal 2025 and beyond. We're looking to scale our defense and power franchises within HPA, and we're building our UWB and Matter business and CSG, and all combined, this collection of businesses brings the diversification and some financial resiliency, since they're rarely, if ever, all in phase. It's also interesting to note that in each of our operating segments, the largest businesses all benefit from our shared internal manufacturing capabilities. Our more nascent businesses rely on external capital, and over time, we expect to grow the less capital intensive simply because of the relative growth rates in those smaller businesses.
Grant Brown: Yes, there was probably some pent up demand from Huawei users, so we'll have to see how that plays out and how sustainable that is. But in any case, any of those numbers you use, it's really not that significant when you think about a 1.2 billion unit smartphone market. So it's not that meaningful to us on a grand scale of things. And when we think about our China customers, the ones I mentioned earlier, they have pretty meaningful market shares also outside of China. And that's where a lot of the growth is coming from that Bob talked about as the market converts to 5G because most of China has already moved to 5G. So for us, we look at that as a great opportunity to work with those customers to continue to grow and that 5G comes into our market, because we're really not present today in the 4G portion of the market.
Dave Fullwood: Hey, thanks for the question. This is Dave. I'll take that one. So as Bob mentioned, as we said before, we enjoy a really strong position as the preferred strategic supplier for all our Android customers. We engage with them on multiple years out on their product roadmaps. And it's really a special seat at the table that we have as their leading global supplier. They care deeply about our products, our technology, but also the quality and the supply assurance that we deliver. And we've been that trusted supplier for all of our Android customers for many, many years. And the one thing we've learned is, you have to be there for them over the long term. You can't just come in and out of a market and expect to gain any meaningful share. So at our China customers, as Bob mentioned, we received top supplier awards for innovation, quality, supply, strategic partnership for 2023. And that includes awards from Honor, OPPO, Xiaomi, and Vivo. And we're also proud of our position in Android outside of China as well. Bob highlighted the great content in the new Samsung Galaxy S24. For multiple years now we provide a full lineup of ultra-high band, mid-high band, secondary transmit path, low band, tuning and Wi-Fi and this year we added ultra-wide band. We're also excited to receive initial purchase orders for our next generation mid-high band with integrated diversity receive. We announced that product a few quarters ago, and we have our first purchase orders for a US-based Android customer. And this part brings a new level of integration for size and performance, leveraging our latest filter technology for BAW and SAW. And we've also got a lot of other great content on that phone that we're excited to tell you about in the future as well. We believe we're best positioned to grow with our Android customers as their products continue to transition to 5G over the coming years. And we've got a lot of great new opportunities in content we can address with ultra-wideband, touch sensors and power management. So we feel really good about our position really across the entire Android ecosystem.
Dave Fullwood: Yes, this is Dave. It kind of depends. So when you -- Bob mentioned our low-mid-high, and so that's a combination of what used to be the mid-high band, which we generally enjoyed a pretty high share of that. And the low band, which we had good share, but we shared a lot of that with some other competitors. But when we integrate the low, mid, high altogether, obviously, we can pick up some content there overall as we support customers with that platform. You also have to look at the different SKU strategies that our customers have. So depending what markets they serve, there may be more or less filter content. So we work with them, as Bob mentioned and I mentioned as well, on their long-term road maps to help architect, to support their solutions across those different tiers. So whether they're doing a global SKU or they're doing regional SKUs, we can tier the product along with that to fit the need that they have there.
Dave Fullwood: Yes, this is Dave. It's early days, as you know, with AI, but it's pretty exciting. I think you hit on a lot of the key points already. I mean, definitely it could be a catalyst that can help improve the replacement rate as people want to upgrade to take advantage of the new AI capabilities that show up in phones. It should drive more data over the network, and that of course means more and better RF. And then as you pointed out, it's going to be more computing processing power in the device which is going to put more pressure on the rest of the phone. And so that translates into performance. And it could be in the RF, and we can deliver better and better RF and lower power consumption to help solve those problems. But also we can deliver power management. And there's a lot of areas in the phone to address with power management that we can use our IP there to help, again, reduce current consumption, improve battery life, and make more room to run the AI on the phone. But it's early, and so we have to see how this plays out. But definitely, we're looking forward to how AI can help drive the smartphone market further.
Dave Fullwood: Yes, revenue is very low, near zero or at zero at this point with Huawei. But that's a good question. I think the performance of the phones that are out there, the newer ones, I think is pretty widely known. People have done performance evaluations and there's definitely some performance challenges on those phones. So we don't think that they could export them to other markets. They probably have a very difficult time getting carrier approval. So we think they're limited to China. And so, if you look at their performance to date, since the May 60 ramp, we think they did about $30 million in calendar year 2023. If you take the last four months of data and you start to project that forward, you can see an incremental 10 million to 20 million units added in CY 2024. So that's kind of how we're sizing it right now, and that's all built into our models.
