William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. The September quarter was strong for RFMD with revenue, gross profit, operating income and earnings per share, all quarterly records. Revenue for the September quarter was up approximately 14% sequentially to $362 million. CPG revenue was $298 million, and MPG revenue was $64 million. The revenue strength was broad based and well diversified, and RFMD had 2 10% customers. RFMD is definitely benefiting from the opportunities brought by the exploding demand for mobile data. Gross margin for the September quarter increased to 48%. That's up 90 basis points sequentially and almost 12 points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $73.8 million with G&A of $10.9 million, sales and marketing of $16.5 million and R&D of $46.4 million. Operating income for the September quarter was $100.1 million, representing approximately 28% of sales. Non-GAAP taxes were approximately $10.1 million, and net income for the quarter was $90 million or $0.30 per diluted share based on 296.5 million shares. Moving to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled approximately $241.3 million. Cash flow from operations was $58.7 million, and free cash flow was $39.4 million. DSOs were 54.7 days, and RFMD's inventory balance of $159.2 million resulted in turns of 4.9. Net PP&E was $207.1 million, and capital expenditures during the quarter were $19.3 million with depreciation of $12.2 million and intangible amortization of $6.8 million. Before moving to the guidance section, I'd like to make a few comments on the continued sustainability of our financial performance. Our revenue is being driven by the massive multiyear proliferation of mobile data. I feel really good about our near- and long-term growth opportunities. Our organization is excelling in driving product costs lower. Our efforts have driven improved profitability across all product segments. This intense focus on product costs will not change, and internally, the focus is only getting stronger. The entire RFMD team has come together with a goal to be the best, and the company has never been better positioned for revenue growth greater than the industry and EPS growth well ahead of our revenue growth. Now for the non-GAAP financial outlook and business commentary. In the December 2014 quarter, RFMD expects quarterly revenue of approximately $385 million. RFMD expects gross margin to be approximately flat sequentially. RFMD expects operating expenses to be approximately flat. RFMD expects a tax rate of approximately 10% to 15%, and RFMD expects diluted EPS of approximately $0.33. With that, I'll hand the call back to Bob for comments on our proposed combination with TriQuint.
William A. Priddy: Well, we've achieved a lot of the internal goals -- I mean the goals that we had communicated externally. Internally, we continue to work hard to continue to make improvements in gross margin. I think the December quarter could be a bit of impact of mix to margins. I don't think it necessarily means that margins have peaked by any stretch. And in fact, I can put scenarios together where we could see margin improvement in the December quarter and beyond. But for now, we're saying 48% is a good number for the quarter.
William A. Priddy: Yes. We have not realized any synergies yet between the TriQuint and RFMD merger, so we're very, very comfortable with the $150 million number and specifically identified all those synergies. So I would continue to put a very strong check mark in that box.
William A. Priddy: Yes, Ed, the R&D expenses ticked up primarily in mass sets. And to answer your question, yes, there's -- we locked down some pretty key design wins this quarter. So feeling good about spending that money and getting the results.
William A. Priddy: Steve, we also have a flexible sourcing model now that we started. We have adjusted our manufacturing footprint, and Bob talked about the relentless pursuit of product cost reductions. And in -- the business units are focused now heavily on product portfolio management and design for cost initiatives. So I'd say, we're just simply using best practices to bring the best products and technologies to the market with a relentless focus on achieving the lowest possible cost structure and -- we took out $150 million of cost over the past 18 months. So that's not coming back. And so that's going to be sustainable margin performance going forward.
William A. Priddy: Yes. Mike, I think I might have mentioned a 50% margin targeted at your conference and we have very clear -- RFMD has very clear line of sight to 50% gross margin. And it's not beyond the less than 1-year planning horizon.
William A. Priddy: Yes. When I look at the synergy opportunity, the 2 biggest items will be the fact that when the 2 companies merge, since RFMD currently outsources all of its filters, we'll be insourcing, if you will. There's a tremendous benefit there of margin stacking. And likewise, on the assembly side, RFMD currently does most of its assembly in-house, where TriQuint currently outsources most of its assembly. We'll be bringing that all in-house. So those 2 are really, really big items. And obviously, we'll be looking at the manufacturing footprint though. And I think it's too early to make any calls there. I mean, we're looking at a growth-oriented environment for the next several years. So it's way too early to be talking about changing the manufacturing footprint. But we will cut the rug to fit the room. So those are some of the big things, at least on the COGS side. And we've got several other things on the expense side as well. Like I said, all specifically identified and...
William A. Priddy: Yes. I mentioned in the opening remarks that MPG was $64 million and CPG was the remainder of the $362 million. And Norm did mention that he expected MPG would be down some in the December quarter. So I mentioned that mix was the primary driver for the relatively flat margin. And it is possible that we'll also have some product sales that have a little more outsource content, which actually from a going-forward standpoint that may actually be a synergy going forward. So it's more of a near-term event.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks, Dean. Before we open the call up for your questions, I'll recap some of the progress we've made leading up to our proposed merger. On September 5, RFMD and TriQuint both held shareholder meetings, during which the shareholders of both companies voted overwhelmingly in favor of our proposed merger. We're very pleased with these results as they endorse our vision to create a new leader in RF. More recently, we announced our new company name will be Qorvo, and we will begin using the ticker symbol QRVO immediately upon closing. The name Qorvo is meant to convey our combined company's ability to deliver the core technology necessary to launch our customers' next-generation designs even faster. It also represents our commitment to keeping our customers at the center of all we do. Since announcing our proposed merger earlier this year, we have established cross-functional teams from across both organizations, and they are working seamlessly to ensure we hit the ground running. We are prepared for day 1, and we are preparing for day 100 and beyond. With each day of planning, preparation and alignment, we are building a clearer vision of where we're going and how we will achieve our goals. We have identified multiple projects supporting our expectations for revenue, cost and expense synergies. We have staffed each project, and we have mapped the actions necessary to achieve success. We are also identifying new opportunities for growth and new avenues for diversification, giving us additional confidence in our ability to achieve our value-creation goals and deliver on our operating model. At our customers' request, we've executed 3-way NDAs with multiple leading smartphone manufacturers. We are working together to drive higher levels of functional integration to help our customers accelerate products to market as early as next year. I am extremely proud of the progress we have made to date, which is all the more noteworthy when you consider the role RFMD and TriQuint have played to support the successful ramp of multiple new flagship devices. Regarding deal timing, we continue to anticipate the merger will close by calendar year end, and both of our organizations are fully prepared for a very successful day 1. And with that, we'll open up the call for your questions.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Mike, this is Bob. I'll go ahead and take a shot at that. Again, a little premature to be calling the March quarter. We've got Chinese New Year a little bit later than normal and what all is going to transpire. But from a planning perspective, typically running 10% to 15% is probably not out of the norm. It all depends on how diversified the business is. Some of the marquee phones, how long they continue to be successfully received in the marketplace. I think what's also of note is that we're -- from a gross margin perspective, back to the earlier questions, we're feeling pretty good about our gross margins being able to hold up even in a down seasonal 10% to 15% in the March quarter. So when we look at it all well and all, we'll have to see how it plays out, but typically 10% to 15%.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks, Harsh. Appreciate the comments. As far as Qorvo is concerned, as you pointed out, we will have the various technologies that we believe are needed in the RF front end or the handset in particular. I guess is where the question was geared towards. And we are finding opportunities where there's pieces of business that neither of the companies would go after. But when we bring the things together, again, customers are asking to sign 3-way NDAs so that we can work on product roadmaps to help them launch their products even faster in the market. So clearly, there's opportunities for us to gain share. But I think what's also most important to understand is the -- what's really driving the growth for our industry is, what I talked about, the increasing bandwidth, adding the bands and that complexity and the major shift from 2G to 3G and 3G to 4G. That's clearly what's going to drive most of the growth. But yes, there's opportunity for us to gain some share as we come together and get our product and technology roadmaps aligned.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We have received the, obviously, the shareholder vote. From a U.S. regulations, we're in good shape there. We are only waiting on the China's Ministry of Commerce approval. And it's the last step in our regulatory approvals.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: All right, Ed, appreciate your question. I'll go ahead and let Eric start with it in reverse and go through the product side first. Then I'll address your 3-way NDAs, and then Dean will finish up with our expenses.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sorry, Steve. I'd like you to explain a little bit more your point about the economics from 2G to 3G. I understand...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'll let Dean talk a little bit about that, Steve. But I think if you look at maybe from an industry perspective, you're right, but we have had competitors that have enjoyed very good margins throughout this whole transition. I think what we've talked about over the last 18 months is our focus on driving cost out of our manufacturing processes and our cost of goods sold, and that's what really has started to change. That happens to coincide with the shift from 3G to 4G. But what really drove it is our work to reduce our cost.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: The only point I'd add, Steve, and Dean's opening comments were about this. The margin in all of our products have improved, but whether that's 2G PAs, 3G or 4G components. So we have worked, as Dean pointed out, on our costs.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So your question is from the handset perspective, the number of units or is it content gains? I'll let Norm talk a little bit about MPG but -- which also grew very nicely quarter-over-quarter. For what we saw in September and what we're seeing in December, it's primarily the content gains. The number of handsets have roughly been flat.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I don't think we've modeled that out, JoAnne. I mean, clearly, if it's a new flagship that's beginning its ramp and continuing to ramp. I don't know how to answer your question from that standpoint. So what we're seeing is there are other phones that are ramping down. These are ramping up, and we're seeing handsets roughly flat. So it's dollar content from our perspective.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as being able to share with investors, we typically don't try to telegraph our competition where we're working and where we're focused, so I want to be careful about that. I think as we get into the Analyst Day on the 18th, I think you'll hear Eric and James both talk about how we're bringing together the product and technology portfolios in the product segments that we're chasing. But I don't think you're going to hear us be that specific in calling our shots and drawing attention so that our competition can go react to that. So I want to be very careful in that, but...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: That's correct. I think, again, as we spend more time understanding where each other was heading and product segments that we didn't go after that now when we look at bringing together the 2 companies, clearly our large customers today have really recognized the value in bringing together the 2 companies. And that's why we're signing 3-way NDAs with them. So it's really the big guys driving a lot of that, but we do have other product areas that we're chasing. So Eric, do you want to give maybe a little more color.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think what's interesting, maybe if we just step way back, if you look at over this transition where we've added capacity is in assembly and test, as Dean pointed out in our China operations. And what we took out was GaAs capacity, and we replaced it with silicon that we buy on the outside, whether that's SOI, silicon germanium, or CMOS. As you know, we use silicon technologies that have really been replacing the GaAs. So from a GaAs fab perspective and utilization, we really haven't seen much uptick over the last few quarters. So our margin improvement has come from where we started the conversation earlier was truly driving cost out of our manufacturing.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: This is Bob. I'm going to take that. I think the whole industry has seen some constraints in SOI. And I think we commented on this a little bit last quarter that the supply chain side of our team has done an outstanding job of keeping up with it on the sales and working with customers. The industry is tight. I think it's typical of when we ramp up for a strong December, and then brace for the decline in March that we typically see of 10% to 15%. The industry continues to add capacity of SOI. RFMD continues to grow the amount of production that we get out of that capacity, so I feel good about that. But I'd say, it was more of an industry perspective.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Obviously, it'll be time until that transaction closes. From our discussions with both parties, we feel very good about our position with them. We embrace the transaction. We think it's great for the industry, great for -- RFMD was one of their largest customers out of the facilities that we operate for SOI, in particular. All-in-all, we see it as a very positive sign for the industry and the continued expansion of SOI.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks for joining us this evening. RFMD is a primary beneficiary of the exploding demand for mobile data, and our growth opportunities are expanding significantly as our content and customers' devices goes from dimes to dollars. We are confident in delivering revenue growth ahead of our underlying markets, gross margin at the top of our industry, robust operating leverage and EPS growth that's well ahead of our revenue growth. Thank you, and good night.
Steven Creviston: This is Eric. Vivek, I'll take that. First off, your question about the split of 3G versus 4G within CPG overall, that's actually pretty hard to calculate because many of our components are used for both applications in switches and power amplifiers in particular. So we don't really try to split up between 3G and 4G. Overall, 3G/4G though is now about 90% of CPG revenues. And as you can imagine, 4G is certainly the quickest growing, so it's mixing more and more towards 4G all the time. And then within China specifically, we don't see any particular issues in terms of inventory builds. We do continue to see a strong mix shift towards 4G in that market as well. In fact, overall, we are kind of flat to down slightly in China in the last quarter but we did grow in 4G in China fairly nicely. So we're seeing the same kind of shift there and no particular concerns about inventory builds. But overall, it's a great opportunity. We think we're still in very early innings there, watching a huge subscriber base transition from 2G up to 4G over the coming years.
Steven Creviston: Yes. Thanks, Mike. As you said, it's certainly -- the growth we're seeing in the December quarter is certainly led by flagship launches, new products in the very highest tier that are driving a lot of RF content. We're expecting kind of more of the same in China, again relatively flat, up in 4G but down in the others. We're not counting on growth in China to hit our guidance in December.
Steven Creviston: So the question on envelope tracking shipments, those are full production. So we shipped millions of units into, again, 2 baseband -- 2 different baseband solutions into flagship phones with one customer last quarter. And this was not PowerSmart, this is new envelope tracking, power management IC. And in all cases, we also had multimode power amplifiers attached to those converters as well. So it was a nice dollar content, kind of the heartbeat of those new platforms.
Steven Creviston: This is Eric. I'll take a stab at it. I think it is interesting when you look at the dynamics in that market. In particular, the OEM structure over the course of this year, you are beginning to see more concentration around fewer, although still quite a few. So we've got 6 to 8 customers basically that make up about 2/3 of our business there now, where historically, of course, we would have 50 to 100 probably. And so that, I think, gives you a little more visibility. They can -- they have more scale. They can afford the R&D and so forth. And I think these are the ones that are really capitalizing on the 4G transition. And again, when you look at the subscriber base there, you have 1 billion subscribers, and very few are on 4G today, 50 million maybe. And so if you look at the net adds that are being posted every month, you see the 4G net adds just continue to grow significantly month over month over month. And yet we're still at very low penetration rate. So I think you've got a handful, 6 to 10 maybe can -- very big players in China, who are going to be even more significant year-over-year for the next 3 to 5 years on that trend.
Steven Creviston: Yes. I guess, I would say that what it's really about is how to drive the industry faster. That's what these NDAs are about. The industry is trying to figure out how to cram more and more data throughput into these mobile devices, into smaller area and at lower power consumption. And they see the opportunity that Qorvo will have with all of the technologies in-house to maybe advance that faster than the industry was planning before. So rather than thinking about it as discrete products and discrete product segments, I think, think of it much more about how we can work with customers to drive the industry faster.
Steven Creviston: I wouldn't say there's a dramatic impact. I would say we've got great relationships with both Intel and Spreadtrum. And if this helps either or both be healthier and grow faster, it's good for us.
Steven Creviston: Yes. We're continuing to see the roll-off of 2G essentially. And some of that is converting to 3G, but most of it's converting directly to 4G.
Steven Creviston: Yes, sure. It's along the lines of what we've been talking about today of driving the industry forward faster and the opportunities of bringing higher levels of integration with Fusion, where we integrate multiple power amplifiers, switches and all the filtering into single placement. So we're seeing really 2 categories for that now. We're engaged in multiple OEMs in both of these categories. One is where we really are doing kind of an all-in-one, where you have a relatively modest number of frequency bands and you want to put those all into one placement, sort of a mid-tier approach applies very well in China, for example. And so we're engaged with several OEMs to bring handsets to market using kind of all-in-one front-end solutions based on Fusion. The other category is where we're using Fusion for very high-end applications where there's many, many bands coming in the future. And generally, those are being put into groups where we'll have multiple Fusions, so multiple fully integrated modules for different bands. And there, as well, we've got several large OEMs we're working with to architect those solutions. They do take a little longer to bring to market. Obviously, these are very complex solutions. You have to really plan very well at the feature set that you're going to enable, which carrier aggregation modes, for example, and so forth. And so it does take a little longer to bring these to market, and we see the application for it. We see a lot of excitement for it, but it's going to take some time to kind of grow into it. We still believe production shipments in the March quarter are likely.
Steven Creviston: So China was actually flat to down slightly, I said in September quarter. And that was $1 revenue comment. And I'm sorry, I can't comment on the pricing of the ET converter. There's very few of them in the market now, so very few solutions that are proven and shipping, and so the pricing is not that well established yet.
Norman A. Hilgendorf: And generally for the year, that's kind of our model. We're modeling handset units roughly flat. And then TAM growth of 10% to 15% on that based on content so...
Norman A. Hilgendorf: Sure. Thanks, JoAnne, this is Norm. We had really nice upticks in each of our major markets last quarter. WiFi was up more than 20% year-over-year. Wireless infrastructure stayed strong on the back of LTE buildouts in China. Cable TV had a nice pickup last quarter as well. So in each of our major areas, we had some nice increases. We also had some nice pickups in smaller categories, such as our GaN category with some radar products and foundry. And SmartEnergy was also up nicely. So really across the board, we had a very nice performance in all of our key markets. Looking forward to the next quarter, we do see some typical seasonality when I look at what -- how MPG has performed over the last -- the 3 prior fiscal years. We've had quarterly -- quarter declines in the December quarter anywhere from 6% to 10% kind of average decline, and we're expecting that as well in the coming quarter. Wireless infrastructure we expect to stay strong. We don't foresee any declines there, and we foresee pickups there, increases in calendar 2015, as we have a number of exciting new products that we just rolled out that are ramping in the March quarter for wireless infrastructure. So for the coming quarter, I do see, especially if you look at our -- some of our broad-based product areas such as our standard catalog products, the current economic concerns that people have around the world I think are affecting us in -- and some of our market categories for the December quarter. So we will see some impact on that in December.
Norman A. Hilgendorf: This is Norm. I would have to say that for -- from what we're seeing right now, we do not see a lot of activity, a lot of energy going into that today. There is certainly some activity. I've seen a lot more on the China LTE buildouts. And -- but everybody is expecting that India will be hot on the heels of China in building out LTE infrastructure because there's a large subscriber base there that's going to want the same benefits of 4G.
