William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the December quarter increased 29.3% sequentially to $271.2 million. CPG revenue was $222.6 million, up approximately 40% sequentially, and MPG revenue was relatively flat sequentially at $48.6 million. Our robust sequential growth in Cellular Products continues to reflect our sharp focus on diversification, category expansion and content gains in all tiers of mobile devices. The partial quarter of sales for Amalfi Semiconductor, which closed November 9, contributed approximately $5 million to total revenue. Gross profit for the quarter was $96.2 million with gross margin expanding to 35.5%. Operating expenses were $69.4 million with G&A of $10.5 million, sales and marketing of $14.4 million, and research and development of $44.5 million. RFMD's play-to-win research and development emphasis is resulting in content gains and category expansion across a broad set of smartphone manufacturers and chipset providers. The acquisition of Amalfi added approximately $1.5 million in expenses for roughly 1/2 of the quarter. Operating income for the December quarter was $26.8 million, representing approximately 10% of sales. Other income was $64,000, and non-GAAP taxes were approximately $5.6 million. Net income for the quarter was $21.3 million or $0.08 per diluted share based on 283.3 million shares outstanding. Now going to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $189.6 million. Cash flow from operations was strong at $43.3 million, nearly offsetting the net cash paid for the Amalfi acquisition. Free cash flow was approximately $30 million. DSOs were consistent with last quarter at 49 days, and RFMD's inventory balance of $159 million resulted in 4.6 turns as compared to 4.2 turns last quarter. Net PP&E was $170.9 million. Capital expenditures during the quarter were $13.7 million with depreciation of $11.6 million and intangible amortization of $6.5 million. Now the business outlook and financial targets. RFMD expects to outperform normal seasonality in the March 2013 quarter, reflecting continued diversification, category expansion and content gains combined with the benefit of significant customer product ramps. With this, RFMD currently believes the demand environment in our end market supports the following financial expectations and projections. RFMD expects quarterly revenue to decrease approximately 6% to 8% -- 6% to 8% sequentially to approximately $250 million to $255 million. RFMD expects a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22%, and RFMD expects non-GAAP EPS of approximately $0.04 to $0.05. And with that, we'll open your call up to your questions.
William A. Priddy: Sure, Blayne. Yes, on WiFi, that's been growing, obviously, tremendously for us for a while now. While we don't break out segment sizes specifically within MPG, I can say that WiFi is now the largest segment within MPG. And as Bob mentioned earlier, we are planning to double this business year-over-year. The drivers right now are -- what's shipping today is actually 802.11n base products, but most of the design activity is in 802.11ac, the next-generation WiFi. And there, we're seeing really broad-based activity and design activity in multiple platforms, whether it's handsets, tablets, consumer equipment, set-top boxes or CPE and enterprise equipment.
William A. Priddy: Yes, good question, Harsh. First order, we're very pleased with our revenue and the top line performance. And ultimately, the top line will draw the bottom line, but we weren't satisfied with the contribution margin we saw at the gross margin level. It was something a little bit beyond the mid-30s, and we would expect something closer to 50%. It's really a combination of mix and utilization rates in our factory. And from a mix standpoint, we did have 1/2 a quarter of the Amalfi revenue this quarter, and I think we were pretty clear from the get-go that the original product that's shipping in volume is a relatively low-margin product compared with the rest of the company. So that was a bit of a drag on gross margins. MPG, just in general, did not have as high a margin structure as a group as we would normally anticipate. So that was also a bit of a drag. We're still seeing some continued weakness in the infrastructure markets and some of the other higher-margin markets whereas the lower-margin WiFi business is what actually grew this quarter. And from a utilization standpoint, year to date, we're still, on average, running somewhere in the 50s in terms of utilization of our wafer fab facilities. So clearly, that is a big impact on overall gross margin. So the question is what do we see going forward? And the good news is that we can see both of these improving throughout calendar year '13. I don't think it's necessarily going to be all of a sudden 1 quarter you're going to fix everything, but we will improve utilization rates. We will see a better product mix as LTE products ramp, as the low-cost CMOS PAs reach a critical mass and are over 50% of the total volume. We'll see a better mix within MPG, and we'll see a big 2G to 3G upgrade in the China market. So we're confident that as the year goes on, we will begin converging on our longer-term gross margin model, and we've got several, several initiatives underway to ensure that happens.
William A. Priddy: Yes, both of those are important. I think the first thing that you mentioned though, the product transition, is of greater importance to margin expansion. As I said, the current generation, which is shipping in high volumes today, is low margin compared to even our low-end gallium arsenide products. However, the new version, the low-cost version, that is beginning to ramp and is currently ramping in volume today and expected to increase in the March quarter and increase in the June quarter and throughout the year, that is a significant step-down in cost structure for the industry and will be actually very much accretive to the 2G margins that we see today in the rest of our business. So that's something we're going to see unfold over the next 3 to 4 quarters in a very meaningful way. As far as supply chain synergies, you know that we'll be out there negotiating wafer prices, test costs. If we don't get what we feel like we need, we can always bring some of that in-house for a lower price. So we have several additional handles we can turn on the actual cost structure. But also, remember that these products aren't just going to be stand-alone products. You're going to begin to see them showing up in other types of our modules that we offer, multichip modules that could have the silicone PA, along with GaAs PAs, along with SOI switches and so forth. So lots of ways we can improve margin there.
William A. Priddy: Just for the company. We had two 10% customers, and they would be the 2 leading smartphone manufacturers in the world.
William A. Priddy: It's always possible. But I think you can expect more customers in the 3% to 4% to 5% to 6% of revenue range. Because when I look at our customer mix now, we're probably the most diversified from a customer standpoint in -- maybe in the history of RFMD as a public company. So we're becoming very well distributed across the entire customer base. So that provides us, I believe, a great deal of comfort in terms of less revenue volatility.
William A. Priddy: Yes. We're going to work as hard as we can to get margin improvement as quickly as possible. Like I said, a lot of it will come down to mix and utilization rates. But you don't have to go back too many quarters in the company's history to find a very, very good margin performance. So we do know that it's available for us, and we're going to do everything possible to pull it in, if anything.
William A. Priddy: Yes. We can drive the low cost CMOS PA close to current company average but well above where our 2G business is today. So as the net effect of that, we will improve overall corporate averages. So we're very excited about this new product ramp and, obviously, we're doing everything possible to convert new customers over. But I think we've been -- try to be very clear that it's not an overnight sensation. It's going to take something in the order of 3 to 4 quarters to get that fully, fully implemented. But when it is fully implemented, it will be noticed.
William A. Priddy: Well, we're planning to grow our gallium arsenide PA business this year. We grew this quarter, and we grew year-over-year with gallium arsenide PA. But you are right. More and more of our business is being outsourced, and in some cases today, that is higher margin, higher than corporate average margin structure. And in some cases as we've outlined with the current generation of Amalfi products, it's lower than current company averages by a fairly wide margin. So we felt like we've got a lot of knobs to turn here as far as -- when we look at certain events in the future that could drive gallium arsenide consumption and also continuing to drive some of our more advanced switch technologies and antenna control solutions to new customers. So suffice it to say, we're sticking behind our comments that we will see an improved mix, and we will see better utilization as the year progresses.
William A. Priddy: Yes. On an annualized run rate, we're probably going to be around 50 million for the March quarter, in that range.
William A. Priddy: So in other words, somewhere between $12 million and $13 million. Yes, $12 million plus in revenue for the quarter, to be more clear.
William A. Priddy: Well, Amalfi was about $1.5 million for roughly 1/2 a quarter, so you can basically multiply it x2. But once Amalfi -- I mean, we're going to probably stop referring to Amalfi. I mean, now that it's been completely integrated into the company and it's part of a business unit within the company and again they're working on things now that were not even on the roadmap to begin with, especially with our multichip module capability and our use of Optimum Technology Matching, where we could use RF CMOS, we could use SOI, we could use gallium arsenide and so forth. So it's really a very, very good tool in the tool kit for our design engineers. But overall company expense levels, I think, Bob was pretty clear. We expect to maintain these levels because the opportunities are unprecedented. And when you're inside the tent at every major channel partner and customer throughout the world and have chances in, in some cases, to actually influence the architectures of the future then that's a very powerful position to be in, and we have to make sure we can follow through.
William A. Priddy: And the other thing, Ed, is it opens up new top-tier customers for this technology that initially would not adopt something from a "start-up company." So we plan on taking this thing to all of our customers, where our customer relationships do 2G. So that does, in some sense, open up a growth opportunity for RF CMOS in the 2G world.
William A. Priddy: Currently, WiFi is in family with our cellular products. But as 802.11ac is adopted, we see a mixup to a lot of the CPE equipment, and that typically has a higher margin structure. So we'll have to watch that trend very closely throughout calendar '13 and what the mix is between the CPE and the home networking equipment that utilizes ac versus the more traditional handset modules. Any way you look at it, though, it's a significant increase in dollar content, and we believe will ultimately be a way to expand margins in our WiFi business. And antenna control solutions, we're generally okay with where the margins are today versus the corporate averages that we worked very hard from an R&D standpoint to get ahead of the curve here. So that's a good business.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as the opening comments, I did comment that we are adding another leading smartphone manufacturer to our customers for the antenna control solution. So things are remaining on track. We're very optimistic about the growth in that market and clearly as more and more LTE handsets are brought to the market they will utilize the technology. I'll allow Eric to comment a little bit about the market and the competitive landscape as well. But clearly, we're still the largest leader in the market. Go ahead, Eric.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, this is Bob. As far as where the growth came from, it was very broad based. We grew across about every major customer -- we did grow across every major customer we had. We grew in the entry market within China. We talked about the entry-level smartphone market as well, and across all products within cellular. And then you couple that with the growth that we saw on WiFi. It wasn't at any one customer. It was very broad based. So again, we're bringing out the right products with the right customers, and it's growing.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I would say the entry-level smartphone market was a little bit stronger than what we originally forecasted in the beginning of the quarter, and it's remaining very strong as we go into the March quarter as well.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Dale, as far as what's offsetting seasonality, we do expect our WiFi business to grow, so I don't know if you considered that in your model, number one. Number two, we're not expecting the China market -- we're expecting kind of more of a seasonal market phenomenon there. So it's some new products in some smartphones across a few customers.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Everything seems to be in pretty good shape. Like I said, we are expecting the China market to be down seasonal, but inventory seems fairly normal. We didn't hear any rumors of any problems. We have not seen any change in our customers' buying behaviors. Things look good.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And then, Dean, comment a little bit about where we think we can drive these CMOS PAs with the discrete 2G market.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We're actually seeing fairly broad-based PA growth, including WiFi, across a number of different customers. So a little more broad-based continuing to what I said we saw in the December quarter as well, so not being driven by any one product.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as the cellular market goes, units are probably going to be down between 10% and 15%, probably close to 13% quarter-over-quarter. So the TAM, depending on mix and some of the smartphone changes and what's going on there, could be a little bit more.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I was actually expecting, other than the Chinese New Year for some of our manufacturers, a fairly level quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: What we have seen is the market is moving over to the majority becoming smartphones as we commented about 300 million this year new smartphones. The vast majority of those are still 2G with WiFi. There's still -- the entry-level 3G market still remains healthy. We saw strength in 3G entry for that market, and we also saw strength for the TD market, which is 3G as well, and that's also continuing with China mobile. So overall, that all is good. And clearly, the dollar content goes up with the need of WiFi, also as 3G entry as you commented, complexity goes up, multiple PAs and switches, so things do continue to improve there.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. Well, we didn't give any guidance for the year. I think what Dean is referring to is whenever we had our call when we acquired Amalfi, we talked about a $50 million run rate, and we're on track for that for this quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'm not sure I know how to answer that question. We're playing to win. We're winning, and we expect that trend to continue, so I wouldn't say we have any plans to cut the OpEx. We're playing to win, and we're winning, and we expect to continue to grow. We talked at the last call that we were investing $300 million a quarter with the addition of the Amalfi with that operating expense. We're looking well north of $330 million. We can see it in front of us. We're actually chasing business that's even larger than that. There's no need to cut back.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Brad, this is Bob. I'm going to be a little careful in answering that being that none of our major customers have gone yet, and they also play in these markets, so I prefer not to address that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'll go ahead and let both Norm and Eric address that for their separate businesses because they're a little bit different. Go ahead, Eric.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: My comment about the China market would be for the entry level within China by the white-box manufacturers.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ed, this is Bob. I think it's safe to say that we'll be able to improve the margins in our 2G business as Dean's outlined. And I think, as you well know, every phone made has a 2G PA. So as you pointed out, absolutely it could be growth because all these smartphones need a 2G PA. Some are discrete, some are multimode, multiband. So we'll just have to wait and see how it plays out, but it is absolutely a cost driver for us to improve our margins.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And, Ed, as we talked about when we were making the acquisition, I mean, we're moving into WGPRS with it, we're looking at entry-level wideband CDMA as well. So more than just a 2G play -- I don't want you to just consider it just 2G.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Dean, why don't you go ahead and take gross margin. I think it was WiFi and antenna control solutions. And then, Eric, you take the LTE and increasing band.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. RFMD is executing on a product and technology leadership strategy to drive diversification, category expansion and content gains. We intend to capture increasing content in the industry's highest volume platforms and achieve an extended period of sustainable revenue growth, improving financial performance and greater shareholder returns. Thank you again and good night.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. It's a very exciting market for us, as we've been talking about, and we did say we think it can be a $500 million market within 3 years. And it's very much on track for that. We do see multiple smartphone manufacturers adopting the technology for various reasons. In some cases, it's to basically be able to accommodate many, many more bands within a given space. And in other cases, it's to improve the actual radio [ph] performance and data throughput of the handset. Both are really critical parameters, of course, in new handset design. So we're glad to see the technologies maturing now. We're in very, very high-volume production, of course, in that product line, and it's beginning to now be designed in by virtually every smartphone and tablet manufacturer, I believe, in various models throughout the coming year.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure, absolutely. And for those of you on the call that aren't familiar with the envelope tracking, just to bring everybody up to speed, the technology is a very advanced form of power management that is specific to the RF front end. As Ed mentioned, we've been a leader in power management and use that to build our PowerSmart solution, for example. The effect is to bring the battery life -- or extend the battery life in LTE handsets by about 25%. So it's very, very significant, attacking one of the real industry issues that we have today. So a lot of people are working really hard in getting these solutions to market. We expect that the significant penetration will start next calendar year. The design activity, of course, is happening already this year. We do expect that we will see some bump in the available market, not only because we will have an ET converter ourselves to sell, but also, there'll be far fewer people that are able to do this. It's not just a simple tweak on a discrete PA. It requires very deep system integration with the transceiver, and it requires a very advanced modeling capability to be able to get the optimum performance in this type of environment. We think that having the converter ourselves puts us in a very good position to make the best power amplifiers for anybody's converter because we understand the technology very well. So we're really looking forward to that technology transition.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, we certainly expect those to have higher margin on the ET PAs just completely due to the fact that there'll be fewer competitors there.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure, yes. I'll take that. The new products is actually beginning to ramp today. We are already shipping in high volume. The rate and pace of it I guess is what Dean was referring to in particular is dependent upon new product cycles at our customers because in general we don't retrofit backwards. We wait for it -- as the new handsets come out, they will adopt the new product, and that's why it does take a couple of quarters to get the whole portfolio transitioned over to the new low-cost cost structure.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. When we look at small cells, I think there's a lot of different scenarios that are yet to play out here. Whether we are talking about femto, pico, micro or other different formats. In general, the small cells have much lower emitted power. So you're looking at things that tend to have 1 watt to 4 watt size type output devices. And so -- but there's also much higher volumes than macro-based station in the market. So the macro-based station market tends to run in the kind of 6 million to 8 million transceivers a year kind of a number, and we see forecast for small cells in another 3, 4 years at some multiple of that number in each year. And that kind of volume is very good for us cause we're really focused on the front-end category within the small cells, so that's got some upside for us.
Steven E. Creviston: Certainly from both, no question about it. Switches have grown in our portfolio to roughly 1/3 of our portfolio now. But the power amplifiers, and particularly gallium arsenide based power amplifiers are the other 2/3. So the growth was represented in both of them very strongly.
Steven E. Creviston: Nothing unusual in cellular. As you said, there is a bifurcation between the tiers. But in both cases, they're pretty much business as usual today.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. This is Eric. I'd be happy to take that. So the ET technology, again, with the capability of extending battery life by about 25%, that really applies for all LTE modes even if you're doing Voice over LTE it's all packet-ized data. So it will extend the battery life whether it's voice or data operation if it's in an LTE network. So we believe it applies very, very broadly. And we believe penetration next year could reach approximately 25%, and that's for calendar 2014. And then it'll continue to grow from there as much as 50% the following year, probably, and getting up to 2/3 to 80% percent of the market within a few years. So we see it as being a very widely applicable technology. Once it's developed and mature, it should flow throughout all the tiers.
Steven E. Creviston: That's correct. There are applications that people are looking at for 3G, but in general the benefit is not nearly as strong. So you'll see it in some 3G applications, but not nearly as widespread. So my comments about penetration was purely penetration of the LTE segment, that's right.
Steven E. Creviston: It's definitely further out. It's a possibility. This is very complex technology, and it's very kind of application-specific. So it requires more R&D to apply it to other industries, basically. But as you said there's a lot of people looking at that. So we know it's a possibility.
Steven E. Creviston: There's no question. First and foremost, we're here to sell the power amplifiers, the switches, the filters and all the rest of the RF front end like we do today. The ET converter is a great enabler. And absolutely, there's a lot of baseband partners looking at us today to bring it in. But our job, first and foremost, is to focus on the rest of the RF content today. So that's definitely going to be where our focus is. I do think within the ET converter space, you're going to see a shakeout. I don't think there's going to be as many people within a few quarters as what you're seeing today, because the industry is down selecting on a couple of solutions. We think were looking pretty good in that down selection for the ET converter. But in any case with the power amplifiers across all solutions that you mentioned, I think, we've got a place at the table.
Steven E. Creviston: And regarding the LTE content expansion, we are I would say on track with what we are expecting. Last year at Mobile World Congress, for example, we were talking about the transition from regional LTE to global LTE over the next couple of years, and that's exactly what we're seeing today. So the phones of last year of which there were several LTE handsets that were ramping, they in general had 1 or 2 bands of LTE on top of 3 or 4 bands of 3G and 2G backward compatibility. As you're going through this year, you'll begin to see a lot of those 3G bands convert to LTE, so you've got 6 to 7 bands of 3G, 4G in addition to all the 2G backward compatibility and a lot of design work that we're looking at now and working with partners on is to get to 8 to 12 bands of 3G and 4G in addition to the 2G of course. So pretty much on track. We're heading towards about 12 bands in 2014 in terms of the phones that will be rolling out.
Norman Hilgendorf: Sure. With regards to overall expectations in the MPG market, I think that we've got a couple of key categories here. First, we've already talked about WiFi. We expect continued market growth in the coming quarter, which would probably be against the seasonal trend there. In wireless infrastructure, which has been a key market for some time, the general consensus is there's a lot of pent-up demand here for infrastructure build. 2012 has been a bit disappointing in a lot of areas, so there are thoughts that, that should be returning, but that might be later in the calendar year when that really starts to come back. I think we see some other areas like the catalog business and some of our cable business areas that's probably reflecting more of macro trends, so as the macroeconomy goes, we think that that's going to be reflected in some of our more general market categories.
Norman Hilgendorf: And for multi-market area, within the growing areas such as WiFi, we see normal pricing pressure there, nothing out of the ordinary. And then within the other areas where the demand has been a bit more muted, I would say that the ASP pressure has actually lessened a bit of late because of less demand there.
Norman Hilgendorf: Sure. The key thing that's happening here is really I think we've had renewed energy behind the activities with our reference partners. When you look at the key platform providers in the WiFi market companies such as Broadcom, Qualcomm, et cetera, the newer standards place such a premium on performance that they're driving significant new capabilities within the front end, especially in the high band, at that 5 gigahertz. And so the capabilities that we have with the high-performance PAs and high-performance front ends for these -- the newer WiFi standards is driving tremendous activity out there with both our reference partners and now with the key OEMs.
Norman Hilgendorf: Yes, absolutely. The products that we're shipping within -- for our WiFi market are almost entirely integrated front-end modules. So it looks very much like many of the front-end modules that we ship in the cellular group encompassing LNA, PA and switch.
