Steven J. Buhaly: Thanks, Bob. In the December quarter, Qorvo's revenue decreased 12% sequentially to $620 million. Mobile Products revenue declined 15% to $489 million, due to a lower customer demand for existing business we'd already won. In IDP, revenue grew slightly to $130 million. Qorvo had two 10% customers, the larger at approximately 42% of revenue, representing the aggregated demand of multiple subcontractors for this end customer. Our second 10% customer during the quarter was Huawei. Gross margin was 47.9%, down sequentially from 49.7%. The sequential decline reflects lower yields in inventory adjustments. Operating expenses were approximately $140 million for the December quarter, down $17 million sequentially. The decline was driven by reduced accruals for bonus expense and seasonally lower spending. Operating income was $156.9 million, or just over 25% of revenue. Net income for the December quarter was $148 million, or $1.03 per diluted share. Turning to the balance sheet, total cash and investments were over $1 billion, and cash flow from operations totaled $218 million. CapEx was $62 million, primarily to address growth in demand for our premium filters. Finally, the company repurchased approximately 4.6 million shares at a total cost of $250 million and has $750 million remaining in its share repurchase program. We're proud of Qorvo's first full year performance and excited about the opportunities in the coming year. We're introducing an expanded set of new products, combining switches and filters, and leveraging our broad set of competencies, including BAW filter and gallium nitride process technologies. All of this is creating exciting new growth opportunities for Qorvo. With the first full year of Qorvo now in the books, I'm pleased to report the company exceeded its targets for achievement of an exit run rate of $75 million in synergies and is on track for the previously committed $150 million run rate reduction by the end of calendar 2016. The largest remaining task is migration of all mobile segment parts to the company's China-based assembly and test facilities. Now let's turn to our business outlook. Qorvo currently believes demand environment in its end markets supports the following non-GAAP expectations for the quarter ending April 2. Quarterly revenue of approximately $600 million, gross margin of about 50%, net interest expense of about $15 million, tax rate at approximately 3%, and diluted earnings per share of $0.90 to $0.95 based on approximately 142 million shares. Our March revenue expectations are slightly below our pre-announcement, reflecting an overall conservative posture, given the cautious environment, as well as the timing of new product ramps. We think calendar 2016 will be a strong year for Qorvo, during which we will continue to make progress on our target operating model, while building a robust and defensible technology moat. Actual quarter results may differ from these expectations and as such – and such differences may be material. We currently expect to report March quarter results on May 4th. Now on a personal note, I'm turning 60 at the end of this year, and I've always had it as a personal goal to retire by that point. December also fortuitously marks the end of our second year as Qorvo, and I'm proud to say we're on track to achieve the goals we have set for our first two-year period. It's been a pleasure being part of Qorvo, and helping to shape its course. The company is on a fantastic trajectory, and I'm really looking forward to helping with the transition to new CFO and participating in the company's success over the balance of the year before moving on to more personal pursuits. With that, I'm going to hand the call back to Bob.
Steven J. Buhaly: Sure. So if you look at the last four quarters, revenue's growing about 12%, OpEx has been basically flat. And so there really have been two uses for the OpEx synergies. First is, we have grown revenue and kept OpEx totally flat and so that's an accomplishment. The second key thing is we've reinvested in R&D. So if you look line-by-line in OpEx, you'll see SG&A is down significantly, R&D is up, roughly to a push, right, in terms of total dollars, but a much more productive avenue of spending. Apologies to my friends in the SG&A world, but we prefer to spend money in research and product development, and synergy achievement has allowed us to do that and that's going to translate into a faster growth rate in the future.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah. I'd say, Cody, again, customer demands are always changing that we see. As far as units being produced, I think – again, I think we're taking a cautious view. I think we've learned a few lessons from December, and I'd rather not get into calling out any specific customers at this time. And I'd also couple with that my comments about the demand that we're seeing on our new marquee phone ramps, and being cautious on that outlook as well.
Steven J. Buhaly: I think margins have been roughly around 50%. Your mileage varies every quarter for 101 different reasons of mix and whatever goes on in the quarter. In the quarter we just completed, we had a couple of yield issues. And also December tends to be a higher quarter for excess and obsolete, as our customers in mobile separate the winners from the losers, and sometimes we've got to write off a little inventory from the losers. And so, that I think was a one-off kind of a 200 basis point hit to margins in the December quarter. And so it's really coming back to where we're running naturally, is around 50%. As you know our long-term goal is to move margins up to 55% and we are hard at work at both developing and implementing parts of our manufacturing cost reduction road map, including some significant changes in filter wafer sizes and significant activities there. And finally, our completion of our synergies, moving the former TriQuint mobile portfolio, assembly and test activity into China. So I think there's some good stuff on the longer-term horizon. Next quarter, I think we kind of come back to our current run rate which is right around 50%.
Steven J. Buhaly: I'd be delighted to. Well, I'd say that, second quarter pretty much worked out as planned and we do have some interest in sub-dollar costing concepts, but we're also opportunistic. So December was as planned. The formal buyback program has nine more months left to go. Now you and I both know that's the stroke of a pen with the Board of Directors but that's the current plan of record. And I do believe that at the current price when you look at the history consensus and the cost of our stock I think it's an attractive opportunity.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah. The reason inventory didn't perform very well is we had a last minute reduction in the demand for our product. So we built the product and then we weren't able to ship it at the end of the quarter. So that's why our turns were up at 3.3, which is not anywhere near our expectations. We think turns ought to be north of 4. For sure, we think we can achieve that, but I would say the December quarter is somewhat of an anomaly due to the rather abrupt reduction in demand from a particular large customer. And in terms of the write-off, it was about $4 million. Rather bigger than typical, but not a huge amount. The 200 basis point miss in margins had a greater impact from yield than write-off of excess and obsolete, but it was a factor.
Steven J. Buhaly: I'm going to stay away from that this time. The merger of RFMD and TriQuint, the numbers are a little different. And then there's so much impact in terms of how successful certain large customers are with their launches that I'm not confident enough to give you a fearless forecast.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah. So I'll answer the second question first. The answer is no. With regards to the first, you know I think that $60 million a quarter is a pretty fair run rate. It might be $70 million a quarter, but it's somewhere in that ZIP code and the majority of that will be for filter capacity expansion; some of the wafer size increases where we're moving SAW and TC-SAW from four inch wafers to six-inch; BAW from six-inch wafers to eight-inch and expanding our SAW footprint into the factory here in North Carolina.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah. For OpEx, I think we're going to end up in the high $140 millions, maybe $150 million in the March quarter and then we'll go through our planning process of looking at subsequent year. We'll clearly grow our OpEx well below the rate of revenue growth, but we'll talk more about that next time we have a call and we'll have completed our annual planning process.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yeah. I'm not going to go into the details of the specifics, but they were – once in a while, you hit those. They were both confined to the quarter and have been resolved.
Steven J. Buhaly: And yeah, that's a very fair number and that's why we wanted to make sure we guided it. I want to note that we only had half of a quarter's worth in December. So that's the jump, sequentially.
Steven J. Buhaly: Long-term, we have a goal to get to 55%. I think it's a goal founded on some significant cost reduction opportunities. And you're right, with IDP coming back, that's accretive to our overall margins and it'll be very helpful. For the quarter coming up, I think we'll be at 50% and there's lots of small puts and takes, but I think that's where the company is operating at roughly over the last four quarters or so. But again, I see a good opportunity for the company to get to 55% and growth in IDP is surely going to help.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks, Steve. Before opening the call to questions, I want to take a moment to thank Steve for the invaluable role he's played in creating Qorvo. Steve has been instrumental in shaping our organization. He's helped put Qorvo on a very solid financial footing, and he's assembled an outstanding finance organization. The entire Qorvo team is stronger as a result of his contribution, and we are all very happy for him, as he looks to spend more time with his family and friends. Until then he'll play a major role in the selection of his successor and will continue to serve as Qorvo's CFO while the transition to that successor is completed. And with that, operator, we will now take questions.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. Thanks, Vivek. FY 2016, as you pointed out, has been a solid year for us, but maybe not as strong as what we had liked. But clearly, we had a few headwinds in the infrastructure market, and as you pointed out in a rather large customer. So moving off of that, we are very confident in the IDP business growing significantly faster than its underlying markets. James and his team have done a great job of realigning their product portfolio to drive above industry growth there. So I think you're going to see a very nice rebound in growth, beginning actually in the beginning of our fiscal 2017. As you commented on the – in the Eric's business, in the mobile phone business, clearly we've got a cautious view in the next couple of quarters as we look out in our guidance that we gave for this quarter along with the beginning of the next fiscal year. With that said, depending on the timing of new program ramps and our confidence in the wins that we already have at our largest three customers, I do believe the second half of FY 2017 will be very strong and should be above the industry growth rates.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. Thanks, Vivek. Let me start with – absolutely customers are building less phones than what we expected just a month ago even. So some of that is demand. I think what's also important to know is we didn't lose any sockets over the last four months that changed our outlook for the December quarter over the March quarter. So it's more volume. And I think we're also being careful in the timing of new marquee phones that are ramping. This quarter, when you gained significant share depending on the timing of those ramps, can influence our outlook as well. So when I say cautious, I'm thinking about that as well.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I would say nothing has really changed. The industry always goes up and down as you well know, Cody. So I don't know what you're driving at. We guided to $600 million, we feel very good about what we've just said, and we'll update you at the end of the quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. Thanks Harsh. As I said in my opening comments, plus we put in our press release, we feel very good about the design wins that we have in our top three customers, marquee phones that are launching this year. Some of those phones begin ramping later in this quarter and we'll see some others as you typically see launches throughout the year, and clearly they are in the second half. So I feel we have very good visibility into that. Again, I think timing of any marquee phone can vary, and when phones ramp at the end of the quarters, they can influence which quarter they fall in. Depending on also which subcons you're shipping into. But Harsh, we feel very good about the wins, and feel very good about the second half of fiscal 2017 for our mobile products.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well, I'll tell you what Toshi, I appreciate your question. We'll do our best without giving away too much competitive advantage, and I'll let Eric get little more specific but it's broad-based, and it's across multiple products that we offer to the market. So don't think of it as just power amplifiers or just switches or just tuners or just Diversity Receive Modules, et cetera. But it's pretty diverse. But I don't know Eric, if we can comment.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'll take a shot at that, Steve. At a higher level, I would say it's the demand from customers first, and then the timing of the new product ramps. So I would weigh it a little bit differently maybe than the way you commented there.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Let me talk broadly about the power amp market for GaN. First of all, the fastest part of that market growth is really in the defense side, and there were obviously actively participating number one in the market, tremendous amount of products getting released. Really to cover a broad spectrum of low frequency high power all the way up into products that are covering K-band. So, great coverage for us in the defense side, great growth for us in the defense side and very broad based. In the base station, if you look at what's some of the forecasts around the industry, it's projected that GaN will overtake LDMOS as far as total size, somewhere in the next, maybe, three years or four years. So substantial growth in GaN, LDMOS will continue to decline. And that's driven by the trends that we've been talking about for the last several quarters, a continuing increase in bandwidth, the move to massive MIMO, all of those sort of things are going to drive GaN more and more into this marketplace. And as far as our positioning, we've got products out there released across multiple different bands and we're engaged with the majority of the top OEMs in the space.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Blayne, as far as expectations when we provided guidance to where we ended up, let's call it the non-Android part of the world.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And with respect to the timing of the remaining synergies, largely in the second half of the calendar year. While we talk about moving ex-TriQuint mobile parts, what it really amounts to is beginning new mobile parts in the factory that they're going to be tested and assembled in. And so it's the significant new product launches that happen in the fall that drive our ability to achieve those synergies.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Steve, you take the OpEx. But as far as customer demand goes, as Steve even commented about our inventory just a little bit ago, it came at the end of the quarter and kind of continued for a while. We believe we've seen the bottom. We're taking a cautious view on this quarter and as we look out into June and again, I think the big story here is our IDP business is returning to growth year-over-year. And from the perspective of the mobile business, we've locked down the design wins that we need to drive a strong second half in FY 2017.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. As far the conversion for four-inch to six-inch, again, we disqualified the process. So we're getting those designed in and it depends on – sorry, the timing of new program ramps and things like that. But it will not be the majority at the end of 2016 as far as temp comp SAW six-inch goes in Florida, and then we're bringing up the six-inch in Greensboro that will be in production this year. As far as eight-inch goes, as I said in my opening comments, for BAW filters, we will be converting this year over to eight-inch and beginning the ramps in 2017.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We'd like to thank everyone for joining us this evening. We are looking forward to seeing many of you at upcoming conferences and at Mobile World Congress in a few weeks in Barcelona. Thanks again for your time, and good night.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. So in general of course we're very excited about the year we're looking forward to in China, really beginning to catch up on our share, our attach (23:14) there. We're ramping into production this quarter our third generation solution, RF Flex solution for that market, it's CA capable, and sort of aligned with what Bob was saying, a lot of those phones are ramping after the Lunar New Year, kind of second half of the March quarter. So that's when – we've got to see the exact rate and pace of that, but there's no question that the train is coming and our share is going to be increasing there throughout the year. We're also expecting a pretty good year in China generally. We see the subsidies being increased from the carriers, and also the requirements for received CA coming in throughout the year, which is going to drive a lot of unique solutions that I think we're very well positioned to provide.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Good. Yeah, that's really the key point. There are certainly some, particular slots that are very high dollar value, but it's the real strength I think in the design wins and this goes across all three of the customers. The things we're looking to ramp this year is just the diversity of the applications that we're providing. As you know with our technologies we have in-house, we have access to virtually the entire RF Front End, and so we're able to architect complete solutions and more and more as we go throughout this year you're going to see more adoption of more like a complete solution from Qorvo. So it includes, as Bob said, not just the kind of traditional power amplifier and switch, and even filter markets, but antenna tuning is definitely continuing to increase and going down into the mid-tier now, so there's a lot of opportunity there. And we mentioned ET power management as well. We're starting to see ET kick back in and move into other parts of the portfolio and other base band suppliers. So you add all this together with the diversity modules and the RF Fusion modules and Flex and so forth, we just have a broad portfolio. And we're winning in each of those areas.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Thanks Toshi. I think on the long-term we would also echo your comments. And, in fact, it opens up opportunities for us. If you look at our – Qorvo along with our competitors, there's a couple of interesting things that we all perform across multiple baseband manufacturers and work with them. And on TDK, as you well know, has been working with several of those manufacturers as well and, quite honestly, it's hard for us to think that a MediaTek or, pick whoever else you want, is going to be able to share with them their front-end designs and their architectures when they know everything that they tell them is going to basically be given the Qualcomm and their RF360 front-end. So we actually look at this and go this is probably going to open up some opportunities for us. We've made our investments in our filters, clearly us and our two largest competitors buy from TDK and, quite honestly, we're just going to insource more of our own filters. We're bringing up 6-inch. So we think it's going to help our P&L as well. It's going to accelerate the movements that we're making there. But net-net, at a high level, nothing's really changed. That's been their partner since day one. They build their modules, build the – use filters, et cetera. So if anything, we're looking at it and going wow, this could open up some other doors for us.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah, mostly 4G base stations. One other thing I would say though is we are seeing a significant amount of interest in LTE-A and LTE Pro. We're seeing our multi-MIMO or massive-MIMO system starting to get demonstrations happening. So there's a lot of other things that also show that that market in general is starting to gather some strength, and a little bit in small cell as well.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. So as you know, we had ramped ET pretty successfully into one of the leading OEMs a couple of years ago now. I don't remember the exact timing, but for the past several quarters those phones had ramped down and it's not been meaningful at all. So now it's being re-invigorated. We've got a new version coming out and we're ramping with one of our leading customers currently as we speak with that technology and it will be proliferating throughout their portfolio and potentially moving to other OEMs throughout the year.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. This is Eric. So if I understood your question, it was about the non-China emerging markets, and that is an interesting question. I think that's something that's going to percolate throughout the year. We think roughly 50 million units of 4G smartphones could be consumed in that kind of emerging market outside of China. The majority of those will be provided by our current customers, of course, in a lot of the China brands. And one of the things that's interesting as China is moving towards five-mode or full-mode handsets, those customers are getting better and better at including really complex RF in there. And so when we look to these new emerging markets, instead of taking a traditional approach or doing kind of a real stripped down, low-cost phone, they're generally starting with their full-mode phones and adding the bands for those regions to them. And that's one of the things that's driving the antenna tuner demand we've talked about in China. Between that and the fact that they're also adopting very high quality global look and feel, if you will, handsets that have metal cases, for example, all the same things that drove antenna tuning into the highest tier, really that's where our China-based customers are taking their products for all of these 4G markets.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: All right. So I'll answer the second question first. There's definitely a premium in the integration. A quadplexer is far more than just four filters put together. The circuit design, the ability to actually assemble them and maintain performance and so forth is critical. So there is a definite premium over just adding the number of filters together. And regarding the hexaplexer, that's really going to be determined by the need for 3CA and higher modes in the phones and to the customers we ship. We think we'll have readiness, second half of this year with the hexaplexers and so we could see production as early as this fall or definitely in calendar 2017.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: ...share gains coming on a new platform and the timing of that is already naturally back-end loaded in the quarter, then you have to be a little conservative about exactly how that ramp is going to go.
