Mark J. Murphy: Well, Ambrish it's – this is Mark. So, it's a mix issue. So, if you look at what we reported in second quarter, we reported roughly 43% gross margin. We pick up more than 200 basis points related to the yield issues that we had on our largest runner. We pick up another, less than 100 basis points, but more inventory and yield related issues on smaller products. Now we lose 100 basis points related to higher volumes of a lower margin product mix, especially the one part. And that's increasing to about 1.5 times the percent of our business mix that it was in the second quarter.
Mark J. Murphy: So we have very good visibility. So the walk I did initially walks to 200 basis points sequential improvement, combination of a better yield in the third quarter, fewer associated inventory write-offs, and then we lose some ground related to the higher volume associated with the lower margin part, so just a mix issue. So that's a 200 basis point sequential improvement. We gave a range of 100 basis points to 200 basis points to deal with the fact that, listen, we're doing record volumes and we want to make sure that we meet our commitments and we have good line of sight to what the midpoint would be, 150 basis points. As far as the longer term view, we've done a great deal of work to walk back up to margins that we used to be and how are we going to get there? And as we've pointed out in several calls including today, we have a large number of initiatives under way which begin to bear fruit – well, they've benefited us recently, but they continue to bear fruit through 2018 as our facilities are more mature, as they're fully loaded and our product mix turns over to higher value parts. So we feel confident in the business model and our gross margin objective in the fourth quarter of 2018.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, and Harsh, it's Mark. So you'll see the reverse of the effect on the mix that you see in the third quarter. You'll see the reverse of that in the fourth quarter, so again, the improved yields that we see in the third quarter are partially offset by this mix drag on the higher volume of that low-band PAD, as that low-band PAD decreases in the fourth quarter, we'll see 100 basis point to 200 basis point margin lift from that.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. Tim, I think it's important to note that the path to 50%-plus does require that we have more BAW-based content. It's better. It's higher-value business, we're solving more difficult problems so the price point's better, and again, our lowest utilized fab at the moment is our BAW fab in Texas. So once we load that we're going to get tremendous benefits on the absorption and then we also get the benefits on mix.
Steven Eric Creviston: We did have yet another fantastic quarter of growth with our China-based customer set. Of course Huawei was a 10% customer for the company, but beyond Huawei, as well with Oppo and Vivo and many others in China, we did benefit from the trend of higher dollar content in the RF. We are expecting exiting the year that over half the phones consumed in China will now be full mode phones. We're also seeing many of our customers looking to export and reducing their SKU count, which of course those two things together drive up our content further as we look into next year. So for the December quarter, specifically to your question, we're remaining cautious on China and being careful for any inventory pockets that might be out there. We see some customer-specific issues, but our products are used across all of our sets. So we expect to work through that in December and then back to growth next year.
Steven Eric Creviston: Okay, Ed. I'll start with the issues. So we did identify the fact that our yield was lower than expected. To go a little deeper than that, it's specific to the die-level yield within the SAW and TC-SAW manufacturing process. I should be clear it's not related to a design issue. In fact it's not even related to the filter resonators themselves. It's really contained within the die singulation process and wafer level packaging. The fact is we had a very steep ramp, the volume was heavily loaded towards the back of the quarter. Our die-level screens that we have in place in the factory did not catch the issue and so we found it once we had assembled the modules completely and were well into production. Our top priority of course was protecting our customers' lines. We made sure that they had good material; it resulted in a great many modules that needed to be scrapped at the finished good level. However, by now we have produced, as you can imagine, tens of millions of the part. We understand the problem very well. We now have new die-level screens which are targeting the issue and working effectively. So, I think it's behind us. To your point, we can't make changes in the actual manufacturing process now that we're in production, we do have some ability to make incremental improvements from here which we're going to do. But products that we release from this point forward will have improved manufacturing process and not be subject to this yield at all.
Steven Eric Creviston: So for the Mobile side, I'll say that we see a continuation really on a relatively consistent slope if you will, more in the 10% to15% range in terms of just the overall TAM growth and that is completely driven by content growth. We are not counting on unit growth at all. And so it's a continuation of the thing that we've been seeing this year, no real discontinuities.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. Let me give you a couple of data points, let's first talk about base station. We see in the next three or four years probably 50% of the slots being GaN based so you guys can and look at what that market size is but that's a very large opportunity for us. We continue to put investment dollars in there, focus for us is really performance and trying to drive cost out. As you know, we're on GaN on silicon carbide and we believe that's the performance play that will win the slots there and then our focus now has really been on driving cost out. We're first in the industry to get to six inch and we're also doing a tremendous amount of work on very low cost packaging for that marketplace, so about 50% in base station. And then on the Defense side we see that market somewhere being around $350 million or so in the next few years as well. We're very well positioned on Defense side, number one in the market. Both of those segments are growing above right around 25%. Defense is perhaps a bit faster but both very, very healthy. Now on top of that also is our cable business, maybe not the most rapidly growing but we have great market share and GaN really is the semiconductor of choice especially for these DOCSIS 3.1 products that we've got out on the market now.
Steven Eric Creviston: So, Quinn, this is Eric. I guess the detail on that is, we have certainly addressed the issue at the module yield level which is the big dollars, of course, of fallout. We're going to continue to run this product for its lifetime with sub-par line yields in the factory, if you will. Now, of course, the volumes will tail much lower next year and so forth as the new handset ramps to replace the current one, as we have new products that are brought up, they expect to – we expect those to yield as they should. So, yield highly and improve the margin going forward.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. Blayne, this is Eric. Yeah. The yield issue that we're reporting and talking about today is actually entirely different than what we were talking about on the last call. The last call we were ramping just beginning volume and seeing sort of garden variety normal ramp issues working on – kind of tuning out of the filters themselves and getting them in spec and so forth. And then as we said late in the quarter once we got into volume we began to find parts that were out of spec essentially that were not caught in the die-level screens.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, so the first part of your question on the quadplexer yields, just confirming again that we have got those straightened out, that's shipping on our baseline process. The new advanced BAW process which we just released will have the quadplexers shipping first half of next year and currently expect hexaplexers to ship second half of next year also on that advanced BAW process.
Steven Eric Creviston: I think we see a lot of opportunity for modules that have both technologies in them and of course we're agnostic pretty much to which one wins, but there are some conditions in which some bands are getting tougher that were traditionally SAW or TC-SAW that we see BAW moving into, but I think the opportunity of putting both technologies into a module is unique for us and that will help address some parts of the market.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, thanks, great question. And I think the relationship is very much intact. We worked very closely together as you can imagine and the Qorvo team obviously we never liked to have these sorts of issues, but I'd tell you the entire manufacturing team really buckled down and focused and did some incredible work to make sure we're able to recover from the material that was taken out of the line and still keep up with demand. So I think overall again, it's not the situation you want to have, but you can really learn a lot about each other and actually gain some trust through these sorts of situations.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And Ed to your second question, getting back to the 50% gross margin, longer-term, Mark clearly walked you through all that. But if you kind of look at what's been going on in our factories, we have our BAW factory full and then we have our SAW factory full, and then we have our BAW factory full, and then we have our SAW factory full. So, we talked last quarter about our BAW factory was way under-loaded from optimum and that is – a large part as you know, Ed, it's a very good margin product family and quite honestly we missed that. And we also talked last quarter that some of our initial multiplexers weren't yielding real well and that's still in that mix but we're committed to get back to the 50-plus percent. IDP continues to do extremely well. The balance of the Mobile portfolio outside of this one product family does extremely well and we've got one area we got to go to work on.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: But, well, clearly, Ian, we've got a lot more learning as the companies come together and I think if you look at our top line and what we've done already, just the second half, in driving the growth, our product execution has significantly improved. We're making great progress. I think also you're starting to see the market for BAW based products to expand much greater than just one customer so the risk that we look at whenever we make this investment is actually going down over time because we have a larger customer base to sell BAW based products.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Let me talk – I'm going to jump in and talk a little bit about IDP growth. There's exciting things really going on in several of our key markets over the past year or so. We've positioned the business to take care of some of those trends. Trends like connected car, connected home, the proliferation of phased arrays or Massive MIMO, and the development of 5G. So as an example GaN has been a great growth story for us. Our capabilities have allowed us to capture key markets. Things like DOCSIS 3.1 for cable TV and base stations where they're moving the broader bandwidths and higher frequencies. Also, another area for us is IoT, particularly the connected home. Our system-on-a-chip capability brings some real advantages to our customers. We offer benefits in multi-protocol, power consumption and range and in the next few years this will be a $1.5 billion market for us.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sure. Thanks, Toshi, and a couple things. One is, Mark said in his comments as we generate cash M&A is absolutely one of the areas that we look to put that to work. Last quarter we talked about the acquisition we made with GreenPeak for the low-power wireless and that fit a lot of the criteria that we use when we look at an acquisition: number one, high growth; number two, good margin profile; number three, a nice market to help diversify our business in the fast-growing market of the IoT. So we are willing to have M&A activities on smaller companies that are tuck-ins that we believe we can grow and scale given our own ability to grow and scale. Obviously, another area that we look at are technologies that we might want to tuck-in in either the Mobile business or IDP that we can then leverage. So, but getting far abreast of the RF field currently is not in our interest. We think we're in great markets that are growing, the semiconductor industry in general was slowing for as far as we can see three to five years out, this will be one of the fastest if not the fastest segments of growth for the semiconductor industry. We have to continue to improve our execution and our productivity as Mark pointed out, but we think we're in a great place.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, last quarter we explained to the group that we were – I know some were surprised at our guidance and we said we were still taking a conservative stance in particular on China, and we saw tremendous upside from China during the quarter, which is why we exceeded our revenue guidance, so we're taking in general for our Asia customers a conservative view and we're expecting them to be down significantly quarter-over-quarter. We are expecting IDP to be flat to up slightly but the majority of that drop is with our Asian customers.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks Harsh. Mark will take the gross margin. As far as your question on orders, typically in Asia, we see strength in the beginning of the quarter and then it drops off as we head towards Chinese New Year. So we're taking conservative view. We'll see. These customers are not very good at giving great forecasts and usually within lead time. So we're not "fully booked" for the quarter, but I think we did the right thing in assuming that business was going to be down.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you. From an IDP perspective typically, roughly flattish going into that March quarter, a little too soon for us to call, but usually it's typically around flat. But as you notice when you look at what's transpired over the last few years, Q1 for the Mobile business is usually down pretty significantly and it's been trending much closer to 15% primarily as our largest customer ramps down significantly and it all depends on the timing of one of our other Asian customer's ramps, but I think it could be 15% in Mobile definitely.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'm not sure we're going to be able to give that to you right now. I apologize for that. What we can say is – we continue to grow there, continue to grow revenue dollars per handset each year, so we're in pretty good shape from that perspective.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. As far as the gross margin targets, when we presented one time back November a year ago we talked about driving our margins between 50% and 55%. I think what Mark and I have both said today is we're still comfortable with getting better than 50% gross margin, so that's still in the realm of possibilities.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Okay. First, I want to make sure we understand, we talked a little bit about this I think last quarter when we talked about that program. Our expectations are it's a multi-year program so it does continue to live on, as you will, greater than 12 months. Many of the things that Mark talked about are, if you will, also a little bit out in time so when you couple those two things, yeah, it starts to really pick up on the out quarters. Plus, as we also talked about loading of our factories, next year is when we expect that we're going to be very well loaded in our SAW facilities along with our BAW facilities and we actually haven't enjoyed that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Quinn, we are still buying a tremendous amount of filters. Last quarter we talked an awful lot about filter independence, and as far as – we're still continuing to add to our design resources. Mark talked a little bit about the OpEx increase. We're adding designers and continue – because we see a lot of opportunities to reduce our costs through that. The part that we're talking about, yes, it does use outsourced filters, but it also had some of our internal filters in there, and that's the yield issue that Eric talked through. And I think we commented last call, but I'll make it clear again. This is a product that we're not able to change the process, nor the product design for its multi-year life. So we're going to have this for a while. What we do believe is that the low-band PAD market is a good market for us. We will have the right cost structure, and we'll remain competitive.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I guess, we didn't really break it out. I think what we're very comfortable in is we can grow the business next fiscal year double-digits.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. For the Mobile side, I think that is a possibility. We're seeing a trend towards full solutions and really this is across all tiers, both in our RF Flex portfolio as well as RF Fusion. We have customers now asking us to do a complete reference design, everything from the transceiver to the antenna essentially and of course Qorvo is unique in having that capability of having all those products and the system architecture and even power management in-house. So we do see great opportunities to actually see some phenomenal content growth across especially if you look at our kind of Asia customer base the Tier 2 customers in Asia which are driving now a great deal of the units in the industry. So I think as you average that out we can continue to see those kind of content increases.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us today. Qorvo is at the center of a growing global framework interconnecting people, places and things, and we are uniquely positioned as complexity drives higher levels of integration, narrowing the playing field, and supporting superior financial results in the future. Thanks again and have a good night.
