Grant Brown: This is Grant. I'll take that one. Yes. Thanks for the question. Given the temporary issues you mentioned and as we already discussed, we're -- limiting visibility across the industry prevent a precise view of timing. And so given the inventories and the situation in China related to the COVID lockdowns, we're not providing any longer term guidance until the continuing uncertainty around the world clears. Thank you.
Grant Brown: That's great. So let me tackle the gross margin piece of the question. We ended the year on a pretty strong note having achieved a 52% gross margin in Q4. Sequentially, June is typically our low point. So the decrease there is very much anticipated as we see a shift to some lower margin mix within mobile. But beyond June, I certainly expect that mix to improve throughout the year, but be tempered somewhat by lower utilization as we balance that customer demand and manage our inventory. Factory utilization will respond accordingly and likely leave some fixed costs unabsorbed. But once the near-term issues aside, there is no change to the long-term dynamics around margins. Certainly, our products are highly differentiated, and our customers value the performance advantages we help them achieve. From a cost perspective, the multiyear productivity gains that we've achieved still remain, and those benefits will be increasingly evident as volumes return.
Grant Brown: Sure. Let me take that one. As you pointed out, we ended the quarter with about 118 days' worth of inventory, which is near the high end of our range, around 81 to 125 days historically. So, as we look to work down the balance, we'll do so over time. But as you pointed out, while the supply and demand challenges persist, our inventory is expected to remain elevated. It is important to consider, however, that we understand why it's up and we have visibility into the demand that will consume it. In terms of your question specifically, I might try to answer it by comparing raw material and WIP. As you'll see when we file our K, those will be up, but they're based on our firm orders and supported our largest customers' demand. Certainly beyond that, you'll see increases in our inventory related to supporting our new acquisitions in some growth areas such as power and defense, so healthy growth on the inventory side there. I think Bob touched on already the channel inventories in China, so I won't.
Grant Brown: Yeah, I think you're really right on the money. We've got all the right underlying business factors, right, great content, growing content, 5G will be growing year-over-year to your point, it really does just come down to managing the inventory levels. So we've said it's a bit elevated right now. So that's what we have to work down. But otherwise, no other particular headwinds.
Grant Brown: Sure. Thanks. And on Farmers Branch, we don't have any or anticipate bringing Farmers Branch on line, but it really depends on a number of those global issues we already discussed and how those play out. It's a multifaceted decision, as I'm sure you understand, and not entirely volume-based, right? It's a function of die shrinks, yields and efficiently using, Richardson.
Grant Brown: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. So generally, the approach to capital allocation is something of an ongoing exercise and balancing the needs of the business, i.e., working capital, et cetera. And then we looked at internal growth, so CapEx, R&D, then external growth, M&A, as Bob touched on, and then finally, some return of capital, which we do in the form of repurchase. So acquisitions are a bit opportunistic exercise and have to be evaluated case by case, but generally looking for a good fit, strategy and culture.
Grant Brown: Yeah, sure. So I think Eric touched on the fact we can't separate supply and demand impacts. But as you pointed out, in aggregate, we're looking at $250 million. And I'd also point out that's after the COVID related lockdown, so you're right to cite it in June and September. It's probably heavier in September than in June and primarily affecting our China based OEMs.
Grant Brown: Yeah. I'd say Mark and I are very much aligned on gross margin. I would say in terms of what drives the business, ultimately, it will be free cash flow. So looking at our capital intensity, continuing to drive that. I'd say productivity enhancements, whether it's in COGS or OpEx, is another area where we see very much eye to eye. And certainly, the predictability and control of our internal finance operation and forecasting going forward are areas where, in addition to many others, but at least those are top of mind.
Grant Brown: Yeah. Our current view is that we expect to return to growth in September over June, but we're not providing anything beyond the detail I already talked about in the 5G.
Grant Brown: Yes. And I'll take the inventory one. If there was any excess or obsolete inventory at quarter end, we would have written it off during our standard quarterly review. We monitor it closely and follow a very robust process. So currently, our view of forecasted demand supports the consumption of existing inventory.
Eric Creviston: Yes, yes. This is Eric. I'll start. Yes, I think we're very confident and pleased with the content gains that we're seeing and we're broadly diversified across all customers adopting our fully integrated portfolio of RF solutions and more and more WiFi content coming in and advanced tuners. So, the portfolio we've put together over the past several years is really maturing nicely. And so when we look at the second half of the calendar year, there's no content gain issues at all. There's content. It's really come down to how many units end up getting sold through, especially at 5G where, of course, the RF content is greater on just resolving all the issues today with getting materials and also getting consumers, especially in China, back to buying phones right now. So, lockdowns are really affecting end market demand. So, -- and of course, that's as we said, pretty hazy and hard to predict the second half. But content-wise, we're very pleased with the design wins we have now.
Eric Creviston: Yes, similar to what I said previously. Great relationships and very long-term roadmaps together, they're helping to drive our roadmap. We're responding to that. And as Bob mentioned earlier as well, great to see Honor coming back as well. They've kind of worked through the inventory that they inherited from Huawei beginning to now move to best-in-class integrated solutions. And we've got great relationships there. We've known those guys for years since they were in Huawei. So, really pleased to be bringing them back their business in the second half of the year. And notably, they'll be the launch RF Fusion. So, they're starting with the best and latest and greatest technology from Qorvo. And so that will definitely be a tailwind in the second half for China.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. So on gross margin throughout the year, we expect it to increase and improve as the mix over the balance of the year. Yields have been very good and -- across the year. And as we look forward, we will have some utilization that will leave some fixed costs unabsorbed in the factories, and so that will weigh against the mix improvement over the course of the year. But certainly, we expect it to trend up.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. So starting out in China, first of all, I agree all of our issues are in China. And in China, it's -- right now, it's hard to separate demand from supply, right? Frankly, because our internal supply is in pretty good shape and set customers have other supply issues here and there. But with the lockdown, their ability to produce just getting people to their factories, getting supply chain moved throughout the country as various cities are going in and out of lockdown, many people have printed this. I mean it's a challenging environment and getting the supply chain to work smoothly is really challenging right now. So, that becomes a demand problem for us only because our customers can't keep their factory running in some case. But then on the other end of that is they do produce phones. A lot of consumers are being very, very cautious right now in China. I mean it's a challenging environment for folks as large cities are being completely shut down for weeks at a time. And it's not an environment where consumers are feeling frothy by any means and buying the latest and greatest 5G handsets. So, it's a that we're in right now as we set us on a structural change. It's a period in time and we have to get through it and get to the other side.
Eric Creviston: Yes, you laid it out well in your question, Ed. Samsung is going very well for us. And part of it is their realignment of their product portfolio and their technology strategy lining beautifully with our roadmap. We've had, as you know, very good long-term relationships there. So, the pump was primed, and we're really excited to ramp across our full integrated module portfolio as well as power management, tuners, and so forth. So -- but it's not just in the flagship tier. In fact, I mentioned last quarter that we're beginning more in the mass tier, and then we'll be adding throughout the year, new models will be ramping in. So just the beginning. It's a very strong first couple of quarters here of the new business ramp with Samsung, but it's all coming in line with what we had hoped it would for the year.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. I don't -- frankly, I'm not sure there is such a thing as normal seasonality anymore, honestly. I mean, we don't have the repeatable ramp patterns that we used to have. And we have so many -- such a diversified customer base and seeing people move in integrated modules, but timing of large product ramps that can impact it significantly. We have some products that are built in subassemblies that they can go on to main boards, which affects the timing ahead of the ramp. There's just too many variables. So I can't really comment on what normal seasonality in September means anymore.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. We can't comment on Samsung's strategy for basebands, obviously. I can comment on our content, and we have content across all tiers and all basebands that ship into Samsung. So, of course, it varies model to model. But with such a broad portfolio we have from power management through antenna tuning and all the RF bands of coverage, there's content on every single baseband platform that they should.
Eric Creviston: Yes. Yes. Looking at it from our perspective with ultra-wideband coming in as well, it's a key enabler to a lot of these IoT ecosystems. And when you look they are actually getting quite meaningful. Several of these verticals, whether it's access points either in the enterprise or in the home, as well as kind of wearable applications, which affect your interface with the IoT wearables for the audio and then also just all the compute platforms, and each of these can be hundreds of millions of units. So, when you put them together, you're looking at a market that's quickly approaching mobile in terms of scale. And we think ultra-wideband is going to be a key enabler for various reasons. I mean the precise location will add all kinds of feature sets to a lot of these ecosystems and the way they interact with each other. But also, it's a very low-latency high data rate connection, and that's got a lot of applications in smart home. You want to reduce latency for gaming applications, for example, or audio applications. So, I think across all of Qorvo, we've got a lot of pieces of the puzzle coming together in what is emerging as a very large market.
Eric Creviston: Yes, I don't think that, that's a trend. To the extent something like that has happened, it would have been a reaction probably to the shortages that we were experiencing in supply last year. I mean we were -- as we've talked about last year, we were having a hard time to keep up with demand. And so we had some of our customers go to kind of fall back to skinny-down architectures, discrete architectures, and things because that's what they could get. I don't think that's a trend by any means.
Eric Creviston: I think it comes down to -- we talk to all of our customers. We get a combined view from our customers what products they're planning to ramp and of course, when we're looking at our total revenue, we're looking across all of our customers, not just our China customer base and looking at timing of handset ramps and where we expect the impacts to be and how we expect them to kind of deteriorate and be less meaningful in certain ramps than others. I mean we put that together and that's the outlook. So--
Eric Creviston: Yes, I think that's really hard to sort out at this time. There's no reason to believe the cycle will be any different. If anything, pace of innovation, new applications need for faster data rates and better coverage and so forth and new ID factors and all that. If anything, I would expect that it would be at least is short or shorter. I think it's too soon, especially with all these other disruptions we've talked about to try to nail that down.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. So I personally don't look at that split, so I can't answer it analytically. It's -- we've got a portfolio of products selling into a portfolio of phones. I think just based on the numbers and the scale of it, I would have to say mass tier is probably driving the growth. But, of course, the opportunities in flagship are very attractive as well. Just obviously, the volume numbers are lower in that tier. But I think across all those tiers, we have everything we mentioned, we've got power management, we had advanced tuning coming in as well as band coverage and highly integrated modules across every band. So I think -- well, Wi-Fi, too. I should have mentioned Wi-Fi. It's another great growth area for us now across all of their Wi-Fi baseband suppliers. So it really is broad-based.
Eric Creviston: In some cases, sure, yeah. I think that yeah, the difference between a flagship and mass tier will be less than it has been in the past. That's true.
Philip Chesley: This is Philip, on the IDP side. IDP is well-positioned in multiple market segments that are growing double-digits. And so if you look at our power management business, which I'll break into kind of two pieces, our programmable power business, we continue to see strong design-in and win and revenue growth for that business. We have a unique digital power architecture that allows us to really add a lot of value in the motor control space, and we see that really driving our business going forward. And then on the united silicon carbide and the silicon carbide technology, we continue to see really strong design-in funnel as well as revenue opportunities in that space. That's one. On the defense side, we see that business not only with short-term tailwinds, we see that with long-term tailwinds as well. And if you look at the continued penetration of phased array radar systems in that segment, when you use phased array radar, you tend to use GaN. That's where we're positioned. So we see growth there. We have our ship program, which is really bringing packaging back to the United States, specifically for RF and defense programs. That's the growth driver for us. So we're positioned well there. And automotive, again, I don't think I have to outline the growth that we see there. So we like where we're at, and we foresee really strong future for the business.
Philip Chesley: Yeah. So Blaine, this is Philip. So I think, when you look at the flat guidance, I wouldn't take that directionally in terms of the rest of the year. We continue to see strong demand. I think that we still do have some supply challenges in IDP. And some of that is really regulating what we can ship in the Q1 time frame. So I think that's probably the biggest story in terms of that number and that flat quarter-over-quarter guidance.
Philip Chesley: Ed, this is Philip. So, we don't disclose individual segments, but I will say that defense came in very, very strong, healthy and it has a very healthy backlog to it. But it's not the only business. We see a strong backlog, as I mentioned in our power management business. We see strong backlog in our WiFi business, automotive. It's pretty much most segments, we see strong growth. And so I think as we look forward, it will be a fun battle between which ends up being the biggest segment over this coming year.
Philip Chesley: Yes. So, we continue to see the C-band deployments in the US and in Europe, really most places outside of China. I think China is still a bit of a wildcard. They're continue to be really more focused on the macro side right now. But with the infrastructure spending that we expect to happen in China this year, we'll see what happens in that market. For us, we have a strong footprint really in the small signal and a growing footprint in our GaN PA business. But I think really what's exciting about that business for us is that when you combine those two and you add the module capability that we have in station market where we can integrate all this technology into kind of a small form factor, higher performance solution, that's really the end game of where we're going with this business. So, we like where we are today. And obviously, a lot of work to do. We can't really control the C-band deployment piece of it, but we're working hard with our customers to deliver the innovative solutions to them.
Bob Bruggeworth: I'll take the first part first. Toshiya, the business in China was down slightly as a percent of sales quarter-over-quarter. So just give you that. I'm not going to quantify it that much. One thing I will tell you is, though is Samsung is getting about as big as China right now at the levels we're at. And as far as things go forward, I mean we're planning on it staying pretty much at historical lows. The last two quarters have been the lowest for us is China as a percent of sales since we formed Qorvo, to be quite candid about the math. So looking forward, we're not expecting a significant bounce back anytime soon. Grant mentioned already, we've got to work through some channel inventories and things like that. Their business has really slowed down, and you know what happens when they're expecting more business, and things like the shutdowns and consumer confidence in China's way down, their export market has also been impacted. Europe is not exactly firing on all cylinders right now as well. So, we've got to work through that. So, as we look forward, we're expecting it to stay low and possibly even lower than what it is now. But as far as the excitement that we have on the growth opportunities at some of those customers, I'll let Eric speak to that, it's just units, not content.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yes, I can add a little more color around China channel. Of course, we've got a mix in China of direct customers and channel customers as well. And we're working hard to maintain that channel and healthy levels of inventory as part of why we guide the way we do. But at this point, there's still -- the component inventory is still a bit elevated over historical best-in-class timeframe. Again, we're managing it with the customers and working hard to make sure everything gets consumed and that we don't overbuild of course, supply more into it. And I think handset channel inventory itself in terms of the finished good handset is relatively healthy. It's a little hard to say with these significant near-term changes, of course, and disruptions in the supply chain, but that's really just a China local situation.
Bob Bruggeworth: Ed, in your question on size of Samsung, we did have two 10% customers. You also read indicate that we had two for the year, and I think you'll see who it was. I think you've got a good feel for our business, Ed. So, I'll let Grant talk to you about Farmers Branch.
Bob Bruggeworth: From an M&A perspective, I think we pointed this out before and demonstrated it. In IDP, we look for tuck-in acquisitions. And the latest one we did was United Silicon Carbide where we thought we were better owner, help them scale and grow that business. And we'll continue to look at opportunities like that that are out there. And in mobile, for the most part, we've acquired technologies, whether it was the RF, MEMS in Cavendish or you look at what we're doing with ultra-wideband. It's a great new technology that we thought we were a better owner could scale that. So from an M&A perspective, I don't see any changes on the horizon. And when we see good opportunities that we think we're a better owner and we can drive good cash flows off of the assets that we acquire, that's what we're going to look to do. I'll let Grant talk a little bit about other uses of cash.
Bob Bruggeworth: We thank you for joining us today. We appreciate you interest and we look forward to seeing you at our upcoming investor events. Thank you, and have a good night.
