Mark J. Murphy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Qorvo revenue for the first quarter was $640 million, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by $10 million. The variance was driven by our IDP business of $184 million with stronger than expected demand for defense, Wi-Fi, and broader IoT products. Mobile Products revenue was in line with expectations at $456 million. Gross margin in the June quarter was 47.3%, a sequential increase of 110 basis points and 30 basis points above our guidance. Operating expenses were $166 million and operating income for the quarter was approximately $137 million. Non-GAAP net income was $114 million. Diluted earnings per share was $0.87 or $0.07 over the midpoint of our guidance. First quarter cash flow from operations was down seasonally to $104 million, but approximately 75% higher than last year. Capital expenditures were down sequentially to $124 million and will continue to decline as we wrap-up recent expansions, tool conversions and other investments to support future growth. Cash at quarter-end was $513 million. We repurchased $32 million of stock in the quarter and intend to continue buying as part of an ongoing commitment to return capital to shareholders. Let's turn to our outlook. In the fiscal year 2018 second quarter, we expect non-GAAP revenue between $800 million and $820 million, a 27% sequential increase at the midpoint; gross margin of approximately 47.8%, up 50 basis points from the prior quarter; and diluted EPS of $1.43 at the midpoint of our guidance. This guidance reflects seasonal effects at our largest customer and modest improvements in the China market, but continued strength in IDP. Operating expenses are forecast to remain flat sequentially as productivity improvement are offset in part by R&D related to custom product development for our largest customer. For full year of fiscal 2018, we forecast revenue to strengthen from the September to December quarter followed by a seasonal decline in March. We project double-digit year-over-year growth in the second half with a stronger China market, gains on new mobile platforms and continued above market IDP growth. With our current top line outlook and efforts to minimize inventories, utilization rates are lower than expected. We still see opportunities for gross margin expansion through improving mix, yield improvements and other productivity efforts and lower than previously projected CapEx spend and depreciation. OpEx is forecasted to be down in dollars from fiscal 2017 and in the full year between 20% and 21% of sales. We're modeling an 8.5% tax rate. We've lowered our view on CapEx for the year from around $400 million to less than $300 million to take into account improvements in fab yields, successful wafer size conversions, progress on dye shrink programs and a near-term focus on improving utilization. Projected CapEx for the year is less than 10% of sales and over 800 basis point drop from last year. And combined with operating cash flow, we expect this will lead to a tripling of free cash flow in fiscal 2018. The view we laid out at Investor Day is intact. We have the technology and product portfolio to address industry trends; the advanced design capabilities to engage on the most difficult RF product development projects; a world-class manufacturing footprint capable of supporting low-cost, double-digit growth; and an organization committed to operational excellence. In IDP, we have a broadly diversified, high-growth business leveraging our technologies, including BAW, GaAs, and GaN, and serving IoT, 5G and other emerging markets. In Mobile, we're competing on the most advanced slots at the most challenging customers for the most valuable parts of the RF TAM. We're focused on BAW-based revenue because BAW filters are increasingly required to meet customer performance requirements for the most attractive part of the RF TAM. Our core BAW technology and production capability provide a significant competitive advantage that we're leveraging to win higher margin, performance-driven designs at leading customers. While the exact timing of customer technology adoption is hard to predict in the short-term, over time, the trends of more advanced filtering and more integration are inevitable. We strongly believe the comprehensive nature of our products and technology portfolio anticipates where our industry is heading and enables us to best support our customers' requirements for performance integration and cost. Our mid to long-term growth and margin expectations are unchanged. We intend to outgrow the market, expand annual operating margins 10 points by fiscal year 2020, and plan to generate substantially more free cash flow going forward on stronger operating results and lower capital intensity. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. So good question, Toshi. So our full year right now looks to be not far off what the current external view is of our full year, so between 4% and 5%. Again, if you look at our first half, it's been a weaker China than we expected. And most of the variances relate to the slower pick-up in China and rest of year view on China. Some marquee phone effect but really the – that's the smaller effect. And we believe the worse is behind us at this point. As we mentioned in our opening comments, we do expect a sequential increase September to December. And at this point, we see a bit of a less than normal seasonal decline in the March quarter. And so if you look where the year has been, a bit softer out of the gate in the first half followed by a double-digit year-over-year growth in the second half, you get a full year that's in the 4% to 5% range.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah as we continue to get the qual lines done at Farmers Branch, we're moving quickly on that. We want the facility ready for when we're going to need it, which is going to probably be fiscal year 2019. And it's again going very well. The yields there are in line with what we have in Richardson, which is outstanding. So I would say it's going better than expected. Steve Grant would say it's going absolutely as expected. And so, great job by the team there and it's going to be ready when we need it.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. Ed, the utilization in Texas is – at Richardson is not what we want it to be. It's not what we expected it to be. The slow start in China has weighed on that facility's utilization. And as you know, with the (27:53) conversion going on there, it's actually – I don't want to say made the problem worse, but certainly on that metric it's worse and that we – just more output for a given input. So we are – that is part of the reason that between that and yields improving and other things, we don't need the same level of spend that we needed before. I think we knew that that the capital intensity of the business would go down. That's been accelerated a bit here. So that's why we've called the forecast down. I think it bears repeating Eric's comment that BAW is BAW growth and these advanced modules requiring BAW, absolutely critical to our growth plans. It's critical for our margin expansion plans, not only because of the higher margin BAW product mix, but the increased utilization has a tremendous effect on our margin going forward.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. Good questions, Harsh. And I would – we're not giving – on the walk to September, there's a lot of puts and takes, some positive as you can imagine, some negative. On the positive side, we've got just continued productivity improvements, so it's much of what I talked about before. We have low-band pad ramping, which is headwind, but this generation of low-band pad is more profitable than the last generation. That's a positive. And then, finally, as we were – just our normal course of accounting activities and as we were spending for all these conversions, it arose that that converting SAW processes from four to six and BAW processes for six to eight just depend on we could reuse a lot of the tool sets and equipment. So, based on this, we evaluate useful life and adjusted depreciation schedules to reflect this which we had to do. So, it's a large percent of the process tools for – the conversions are reused up to 90%. On the negative, we've got – June to September we have an increased mobile mix. So, just the business mix is unfavorable against gross margins sequentially. Again low-band pad though it's – this particular version is higher margin than the last. It's still lower margin than much of our average margin. And then you heard the question from Ed and the utilization in the fab network, specifically Texas, is really weighing on us. So, puts and takes, but that's the summary.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. Mike, we expect OpEx to continue to trend down on a dollar basis. It's just due to a number of productivity programs underway. The whole organization is being trained on Lean, better documented processes and things like that. Working on improving or prototyping efficiency and then this depreciation benefit I talked about earlier. There's a little bit that goes down into OpEx and going forward that helps a bit. So we're just expecting to get much better leverage off of our fixed cost base going forward. And that's driving us to close the gap with our peers.
Mark J. Murphy: Thanks, Craig, for asking the question. And, Harsh, I apologize for not getting the back half of your question. We certainly still – it remains our target. But since we're nor providing fourth quarter 2018 guidance, I'll refrain from making a commitment. What I can say, Craig, is that we continue to make progress and expect to be over 50% as BAW mix increases and the Texas fabs are fully utilized. I think related remind you that our operating margin model is 30%, so gross margin 50%, OpEx 20% for an operating margin of 30%. We expect to be over that actually this year in the December quarter. So we're making progress down to the operating margin line. I expect the gross margin progress to continue. But, again, as we said a couple times here BAW is critical to making that happen.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. We do have, Craig, decision to make on the free cash flow. We're committed to continue to return it to shareholders just as we communicated at the Investor Day. We'll first look at it, are there any acquisitions, inorganic growth that makes sense. IDP is a business in particular that we would look at opportunities there, at bolt-on technology or markets. But we're comfortable with our leverage and barring any acquisition opportunities would likely return cash to shareholders.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. The timing of the adjustment – hey, Chris, I think you need to put your phone on mute. We're getting a bad echo here. Timing the adjustment would be this second quarter you'll see it. We actually put it place this fiscal year, but only had an effect on – small effect on OpEx in the first quarter. $0.01 or so on EPS was considered in our guide. And then in the second quarter you begin to see the effects of that on gross margin. It's 150 basis points give or take on gross margin. And then one quick comment while I have the floor here. Just on the free cash flow and the use of cash, I just want to make it clear. I'm not going to indicate rate and pace of the buyback, because there is – could be acquisition opportunities or some other location of cash or other issues, which my impact the timing of the use of that cash. We assume for guidance purposes in our EPS that we just offset dilution. I wanted to make that clear.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. It's a mix of assets, Blayne. So, yeah, it's a difficult question to answer. You'll see the disclosure in the Q, which we'll file tomorrow. I have given you the highlights. And I think it's important to realize that while we haven't done the review and back in yet in the fall, when we gave our original guidance, again, lot of puts and takes. Some things have gone our way. This happen to be an accounting justification that was – better matches the lives of those assets with our use. And some things have not gone our way, specifically the BAW, utilization in Texas, which is actually – the effect of that is 200 basis points or more. So that's it on that.
James L. Klein: We're particularly strong in Wi-Fi. Combining best-in-class power amplifier technology and our BAW filters and integrating those have allowed us to get significant traction in the market. And we're focused on those high performance slots and also on the transition to ax. So in that market, we believe that we'll be sustainable. And as Bob mentioned, we grew 50% year-over-year in Wi-Fi. Defense also has been particularly strong really across all of the submarkets inside defense and broad reaching inside our channel as well. GaN and BAW have been the big part. Both grew over 25%. And we also experienced significant growth on our multi-year defense contracts supporting the programs that Bob mentioned earlier, and particularly proud of the ability to double our largest customer in that space year-over-year. And again, I think, we see with defense a long-term sustainability in that part of the market.
James L. Klein: Yeah. Ed, the growth in Wi-Fi was particularly in our retail space. I wanted to clarify that, and largely with some of our customers in Asia. The uptick of iFEMs has been very positive in the market. So, as Bob talked about earlier, we are seeing integration. We are putting BAW inside those integrated FEMs in some cases. And we do have FEMs out for both 2.4 and 5 GHz.
James L. Klein: Yeah. I think we'll see a similar story as we go through the rest of the year, significant strength in our defense business and in our IoT part of the business. IoT will really be both around our Wi-Fi products, but also what we call low power wireless. We're seeing a very nice growth here with the GreenPeak Technologies that we brought into the company about a year ago. So really against those three areas, any headwinds would be some pressure on our base station business in predominantly in China and a little bit of headwinds on our traditional long haul optical business. Base station we're modeling to be down between 5% and 10% year-over-year for the full year. So that's a bit of a headwind for us. Long-term that markets, the trends still look very, very positive as we see GaN aggressively moving in, 5G coming on board, massive MIMO systems getting deployed. All those we think are very, very positive trends. Same thing with optical. I think, as optical begins to rebound, we believe we've got some of the best performance technology in the market for next-generation drivers in long haul metro and those will continue to drive growth in that business.
James L. Klein: Yeah. For reference, there is a couple of nice press releases that we did before at MTT that will kind of give you a little bit more detail about what's in there. Basically PA-based films and mixed technology in some cases where we're integrating both gallium nitride and GaAs just for those high frequency ranges.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as our comments have been is that we are expecting December to be up quarter-over-quarter compared to September. We're not guiding at this time December, but we believe it's going to be up.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. Thank you, Harsh. As far as backlog coverage and things like that, in some ways, that's really outdated. We're on a lot of schedule share programs with many of our customers. And I think the main point here is we've got visibility to the demand that we're very comfortable with what we guided. So let's leave it at that way, some customers that book and some of it's schedule share, Harsh. And the second part, normal seasonality – again, there's a large range. Sometimes it's down 15% or more, sometimes a little bit less. So this time, we're thinking it's going to be maybe double-digits, but not up towards 15%.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sorry. We're unable to comment on anything that's actually not been announced publicly. So we've given you our guidance and that's the best we can do.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As far as the inventory buildup, it's pretty much seasonal for us. If you've studied us over the years, we typically build inventory in June to support a big September ramp. And given our guidance, we expect to consume that in September and we've also made comments that we're expecting a strong December. So we're expecting inventory to come down over the next few quarters.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. I think integrating all the customers – what we talked about as some of the wins that we've got in the back half of the year. We talked about China. We talked about the shift of what we see going on there. We've talked about coming back at Samsung. We talked about coming back at Huawei. I think layering all that in, that's why we made the comment.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. I think those are two separate things. As far as – CapEx is not related to that project. I think Mark outlined things are going pretty well there. We've got Farmers Branch still on track to support significant growth in FY 2019. We're cutting back. We're making the transition to 8-inch. It's going extremely well. We've talked prior about our dye size reductions, things going well there. So those aren't even related.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sorry. As I commented earlier, we're not able to comment on anything that hasn't been made public yet. Sorry about that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. As far as, David, with several of our customers, yes, we have bookings through December and if someone changes business it actually goes out a year, so depending on the particular business. In mobile, for our large customers, we have visibility in their production plans for well over the next year. And that's what we actually quote book orders on. So we have good visibility into what their plans are. But just like you, we don't have great visibility into how many of their phones they are actually going to sell. But as far as what their plans are, we have very good visibility.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. Thanks, Blayne. As far as the majority of the driver, it is the launch of new phones. I'd make that pleural, if I could. And then the second part would be the recovery in China.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Farmers Branch, as far as what we're qualifying in Farmers Branch today and the line that we're qualifying is eight-inch, so that factory will be all eight-inch. And the Richardson factory, it was originally pulled up on eight-inch tools for six-inch diameter, so about 90% of those tools were converting to eight-inch, as we ramp. And as far as Blayne's question, the depreciation, it will be going down on the assets that were currently in place, as Mark pointed out various different lives. And that's taking affect this quarter from a gross margin perspective.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us tonight. Qorvo is at the heart of the systems and technology that connect the world, both wired and wirelessly. We've build a strong foundation on innovation and we're targeting our industries' most complex and most profitable opportunities. In fiscal 2018, we anticipate strong operating performance highlighted by revenue growth, margin expansion operating leverage, EPS growth, and a tripling of free cash flow. Thank you, again, for joining us and have a good night.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure. We mentioned in the prepared comments a modest recovery in China. I think that's a good way to characterize it. We're clearly seeing units turn around and begin to pick up well, seeing channel inventory coming to healthy levels this quarter. The only drag on it is the mix is towards lower content phones so far in the cycle. So we're seeing less uptake in particular of like carrier aggregation and super high performance Wi-Fi components and so forth. So we expect as we go through the year, we'll see more flagship models released, which will bring those features back in. But we're glad to see the units turning around. It's definitely becoming a healthy sequential growth for us coming out at this point.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. So, in terms of confidence looking into next year, saw new product ramps. Certainly, BAW is going to be critical for us and we're working on some very complex BAW modules with high order multiplexers in them. Our confidence continues to grow every single week that we get closer in the development. We're really getting outstanding performance out of these modules today and delivering in relatively high volumes considering where we are in the program. So very excited with what the team is doing. We're confident that's going to lead to tremendous growth in our BAW-based revenue next year. Tuners overall are just a fantastic opportunity for us. It's one of the largest growth areas in our available market. And we've got a lot of generation over generation technology improvements coming and the market demand or the need for the improvements is greater than ever with more antennas coming into the handsets, new case designs, MIMO and so forth. And it's not just in the premium or flagship tier. We're seeing it now move well into many of our China customers, down into their portfolio as well. We had a lot of expertise there, so our confidence is quite high in that growing as well next year.
Steven Eric Creviston: All right. So regarding the competitive environment in tuners, it is different, as you point out, from other parts of the radio, primarily because you're working with the customer as part of his case design, electromechanical team. And so it also has got quite a bit of applications experience required. So our many, many years in this industry and I think we've got the industry's best talent by far working in this area. The intimacy we built with our customers to help them, I think, is a key competitive advantage for us and I think there are a few that can replicate that.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. So the outlook for our business with Samsung is we continue to actually make a lot of progress there across multiple tiers. There's a lot of opportunity for us opening up now, more next fiscal year, but early in the fiscal year and they are mass tier programs, which had a lot of volume. We've always had switch participation there, but a lot of opportunity now opening up in integrated modules for both the mid and high-band and low-band for that matter. And we've got similar trends as we do with Huawei, where we've got a little lot out of sync with them last year. We're coming back into focus now. I think, Huawei, even much sooner than Samsung, you're going to see significant turnaround in our share there.
Steven Eric Creviston: Right. We're really focused on the premium tier and driving towards highly integrated solutions with few competitors. And in that market, you really win or lose by having the product ready on time and meeting the performance requirements. So pricing isn't as much an issue for us in that market.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. Thanks. It is largely China. As we mentioned, the recovery is taking off slowly in terms of units, but what's more important to us is the actual mix towards the higher end of the portfolio. We're heavily levered towards carrier aggregation and high performance Wi-Fi, envelope tracking sort of solutions which many of our largest customers in China are clearly designing in and moving forward with, but it's in their more premium part of their handsets. And I think in general, people all over the world, but in China in particular are waiting to kind of see what happens with our largest customer's ramp this year, decide what competitive looks like in that premium tier, and then decide which exact models they're going to release and roll out after that. So we've taken a relatively cautious stance on how the units are going to continue to go on China. Once they do turn it on in full steam, a large part of our fiscal year will potentially be behind us. So that's kind of the color behind the guide.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. Share loss in as much as the mix is more towards low-end, which doesn't use as much of our products. I mean, in any one product segment we compete, I don't think there is any issue there with that. The handset mix is more towards lower end. If that continues, that will add up to share loss.
Steven Eric Creviston: There is very little color we can add. On track means we're competing head-to-head and we still have every reason to believe that we can win a portion of the business. And in terms of clarity, we've increased throughout the year. It will likely be end of this calendar year, maybe a little in the next year before we have full clarity.
