Steven J. Buhaly: Thanks, Bob. In the March quarter, Qorvo delivered a robust 46% year-on-year growth in revenue, $634 million when compared to RFMD and TriQuint on a combined basis. Growth was led by mobile, up 61% to $493 million. IDP reported revenue of $140 million, up 10% from the prior year quarter. Qorvo had 2 10% customers. The larger, at approximately 37% of revenue representing the aggregated demand of multiple subcontractors for this end customer. Gross margin was a record 50.4%, up sequentially from 49% for RFMD and TriQuint on a combined basis. The improvement in Qorvo's gross margin was primarily attributable to favorable product mix, improved yields and synergies. Operating expenses were $150 million for the March quarter. Synergy-driven reductions in G&A were offset by increased spending in R&D, for masks and filters designers. Operating income was $169.6 million versus $25.3 million in the year-ago period for RFMD and TriQuint combined. Net income for the March quarter was $167.2 million or $1.11 per diluted share on 150.5 million shares outstanding. This compares favorably to the original guidance of $0.80 to $0.90. Higher revenue and strong execution accounted for about $0.15 of the improvement from the midpoint of guidance while lower taxes contributed $0.09 and share count related to the timing of the merger contributed the remaining $0.02. Total cash and investments was $544.6 million and cash flow from operations totaled [ph] $138 million. Capital expenditures were $120 million, primarily to address continued growth in customer demand for our premium filters. Finally, the company repurchased approximately 760,000 shares at a total cost of $50 million. Now let's turn to our business outlook. In Qorvo, we've created a new leader in RF that can outpace the growth rate of our underlying markets. Total addressable market for mobile RF is forecasted to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 10% to 15% over the next few years, driven primarily by unit growth of 4G phones and the associated dramatic increase in RF content and complexity. In calendar 2015, we expect the growth profile for the industry to mirror prior years, with March the only quarter down sequentially and revenue weighted growing heavily towards the second half over the calendar year. For the product portfolio serving the faster growing parts of our addressable market, we're excited about the growth prospects and feel we can exceed the industry's growth rate. At our Analyst Day last November, we increased our operating model goals to 50% margin and 30% operating margin. Achieving nearly 27% operating income in a seasonally weak quarter is a great start for Qorvo. Add in the substantial synergies yet to come and we feel we can hit these goals while making significant investments in the process technologies and great products that sustain and enhance our competitive advantage. Qorvo currently believes the demand environment in its end markets supports the following non-GAAP expectations for the June 2015 quarter: quarterly revenue in the range of $660 million to $670 million; gross margin approximately consistent with the prior quarter; a tax rate in the range of 10% to 15%; and diluted earnings per share in the range of $1 to $1.10 on about 154 million shares. We're confident we can outpace our markets this year and our guidance for June implies a robust 5% sequential revenue growth. Solid operating leverage is expected to drive operating income up about 10% sequentially. During FY '16, we believe our tax rate will increase from a minimal level of the past to a more sustainable tax rate as recent profitability has consumed much of our remaining net operating losses. Actual quarterly results may differ from these expectations and such differences may be material. Finally, we currently expect to report June quarter results on July 29. With that, we welcome your questions.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yes. So first, it's tempting to take you up on that rethinking the target model, and we wouldn't be thinking lower. We'd be thinking higher. But just to be clear -- but that model is for full year. We like a little bit more time to execute against that and really deliver that on a full year basis. But your point's well taken. With respect to the margin in the quarter, I think one thing that helped that you might not have thought of is, this is the seasonally low period for mobile. And as you know, our IDP revenue has a higher inherent margin. And so the weighted average benefits from that in the March quarter. Also, a thing that was better than we expected was manufacturing yields, really stepped up in the quarter. A real tip of the hat to all our manufacturing team and the engineers who contributed as well. We saw some really good performance there. And then of course, synergies are starting to contribute to the model. And it's always a little bit of a question how quick they'll come in. But we did make some good progress in the quarter and I know you know this. But synergies tend to be cumulative as we go through the quarters and I think we're off to a pretty good start there.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yes, sure. On gross margin side, I think you should model a fall-through of 55%. I think we can execute to that. And with respect to operating expenses, we will see some synergies. We also may make investments. Those are really contingent on the level of business we're able to earn. And I think you'll see us continuing to drive towards our business model of 50, 20, 30.
Steven J. Buhaly: Thank you. Glad you remember that, Bob. In terms of BAW filter capacity, we are continuing to execute the aggressive ramp in capacity that we've been talking about for some time. We expect this phase to wrap up close to the end of this quarter in preparation for a seasonally stronger revenue period and higher demand period that we will see in the second half of the year. And we feel very good, it's going very well. As you know, it's fairly fungible. We're adding equipment as we go and increasing capacity somewhat linearly. So it's not like a Big Bang event. And it's going very well and we're very pleased with it. And I think we'll be well-positioned to serve the growth in demand that we expect to continue to see.
Steven J. Buhaly: Not really, no. A little bit, but not materially. We don't depreciate the equipment until it's put into service. And the bulk of equipment actually placed into service will be in the current quarter.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yes, sure. I would be happy to. I think sooner rather than later, earlier on, we should see savings in the supply chain. In particular, we do see some management efficiencies, if you will. And those are fairly -- we were able to get to those fairly quickly. I think a very significant initiative that will be partially in place this year, mostly in place in the second calendar year will be the migration of TriQuint's mobile parts into a new Chinese factory for assembly and test. We think that will be significant driver of improved margins and savings for us. So those are a couple of the bigger hitters.
Steven J. Buhaly: Yes. Some of the supply chain savings came in to effect, pretty shortly after the merger was effective, right? [indiscernible] helped us out a little bit, gave us some extra time to prepare. We did take advantage of that. And we were able to implement some of those savings almost immediately after the close. And so we did see benefit there and, as mentioned earlier, some business unit mix benefits with mobile being seasonally weak in the quarter. Some mix benefits within that, with the strength in filters and switches. Higher growing parts of the business. And finally, yields really got better. The team just did a really good job on driving waste out of the manufacturing process with better yield.
Steven J. Buhaly: And I know we're in the community that believes it's an inventory issue. We think the underlying demand drivers are well intact. And it's a matter of timing and what we do expect a little bit of a burn-off period here in the June quarter. And we've incorporated that into our guidance.
Steven J. Buhaly: Why don't I take the tax one first. So what's going on in '16, we have 2 kind of contravening items. First, we're in the process of implementing a tax structure and RFMD, and it's similar to what TriQuint just had in place in the past where we had Singapore as our international headquarters and recognized the international revenue in that jurisdiction. And we won't have that in place until probably August 1. So there's a little bit of a higher than normal impact there. On the other hand, we still have some remaining NOLs. So those are offsetting each other to some degree. I think the rate beyond FY '16 is still an open question. Our [indiscernible] tax is entering and I have some work left to do. A lot of it depends on where revenue gets recognized, different jurisdictions, where we sell out, what the mix of products is. But I think that we'll-- it's hard to say. It's possible it could creep up just a little bit. But there's plenty of work left for us to do to get a better answer for you. So this year though, we feel like the cash rate will -- or non-GAAP rate will be in the 10% to 15% range.
Steven J. Buhaly: It's again dependent on the book of business we have. We're fundamentally going to drive for a full year 20% operating expense. And if revenue is not as good as we think we'll cut more. If it's better, we'll invest more. So I don't think you should look at a lot of growth. We'll be managing it carefully. But it will be dictated by the level of revenue that we're able to achieve.
Steven J. Buhaly: And I would throw in there, and it's a similar comment. I think our success in China has been underestimated. I think that, that's a diverse set of customers. It isn't quite as prone to the major event teardown, kind of press event. But going back to the pre-merger, both companies have had real success there. The units of 4G are growing like wildfire. And I just don't think the market fully understood both the volume increases and our success rate at that diverse set of customers.
Steven J. Buhaly: Hey, Tom, it's Steve Buhaly here. Sometimes when you look out there, you see people talking about -- I've seen TC-SAWs encroaching and moving up to higher frequencies and all that stuff. Typically, the source of those are people who only have access to TC-SAW filter technology. And Qorvo, as you know, produces both those. We're a neutral party and will deliver the technology that serves the customer [indiscernible] best.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks, Vivek. Thanks for your kind words and your question. As far as seasonality goes, number one, we have very good visibility into the major launches of marquee phones from multiple customs -- customers throughout the back half of the year. As far as what the industry is going to perform and how many phones actually get sold and all that, tough for us to handle at this time. But I think a high-level premise of the seasonality that you typically saw between the 2 companies, not much of that has changed yet. We are just really releasing, as I talked about in my opening comments, some of the newer products that we believe we can layer on top of what we typically had done to change that profile. But as a starting point, Vivek, that's a great model that you threw out there. The real thing is what's the industry going to do and it's way too early to comment on that, but thank you.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks, Vivek. As far as looking at the 2 businesses today, I mean, you guys can do the math and I won't embarrass myself by telling you the percentages. But it's quite clear that the mobile business is a little bit bigger than the IDP business and growing a little bit faster. So obviously, if we're active in M&A opportunities and looking at targets, they would tend to be more in the IDP-type of business [indiscernible] build that up. There are still areas of opportunities within the mobile business as well to acquire technologies or smaller companies that we can enable new products and things like that. So I would say we will and we are looking at opportunities in both businesses. But I think over time, if you listen to our talk about continuing to diversify our products, our markets and our technologies, that's going to tend to lean a lot more towards James' IDP business.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, thanks for the comments, Mike. At a very high level, I mean, what we are seeing is what's everybody knows, the RF market place is still extremely strong. It's really the macro shift to 4G. And I think most people know that a lot of that is being done in China through multiple customers. I mean, diversification across their end products and customers. So that's what's really starting to drive that growth.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks, Ed. I appreciate you getting everybody involved. Steve, if you want to take the first one that had to do with that BAW filters expansion, and where we are on that ramp.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. And Harsh, that may not sound like it but that was a lot of sharing back and forth between the 2 organizations on how to improve yields.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. I think, Harsh, the quarter pretty much played out as we expected, except near the end of March, things did start to pick up. We're continuing to see that. And that's what playing into our guidance. But I'll let Eric give a little more color, if you want.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, Harsh, I do want to point out that there was also some talk lately from a couple of people about a slight slowdown or a pause or a break or whatever you want to say in the infrastructure market. We actually had a very strong first quarter -- or excuse me, March quarter in the infrastructure market. And for the first quarter, we think that's going to be down, down some quarter-over-quarter. So we are seeing a little bit of a slowdown on the infrastructure side.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think you were trying to compare us to others and again, I think we've got an extremely diversified product stream to that large customer. And some go right to the supplier that builds the phones. Some go to the sub-suppliers. So there's timing differences all the time. And our ramps up and down with any customer, it doesn't matter. Many of them use different subs and things like that. So Blayne, I wouldn't read much too much into that, at least on that quarter. So what was the question after that? Sorry, I thought you were relating it to the June quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think Ed I'll take that first, Eric can take a little bit of time to answer Ed's 2 other questions. I think, Ed, people are struggling with understanding that the RF market is growing, just high-level macro. I mean, if base bands go down, everybody thinks we're going to go down. But what they miss is, their base bands might be going down but they're shifting to 4G which needs more RF. So at a high level, it's still an extremely healthy market. I think the second area is, we sell a lot of parts quite honestly. Some of these filters are small as a grain of rice. And they're hard to find. When you look at some of our little switches and they're not identified, and you kind of go through this and people do teardowns and some of these phones we look at after they do their teardowns because we know we're in them, we don't look for it. And in fact, in many of these places, they're strengths of ours. We'll find 30% to 40% was not even identified in the teardown. So I think again, people have to first get their head around the complexity of what's in a 4G phone of not only integrated components. Even in highly integrated phones, there's a lot of discrete still out there. And we enjoy a lot of that business, Ed. So again, RF is a great place to be right now and we're enjoying it and we have the right products.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We thank you for joining us today for Qorvo's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Qorvo's a primary beneficiary of the exploding demand for mobile data and the increasing RF content in connected devices. We're outpacing our markets and expect to deliver strong operating leverage as we implement our integration plan and capture merger synergies. Thanks again and good night.
Steven Eric Creviston: This is Eric. Speaking for mobile. We have, now, well over 95% of our revenues in 3G, 4G. We don't break out between them because we have a lot of components which are used in both. But it's clearly LTE that's driving due to not only the proliferation of LTE throughout China but also just the overall content growth in literally all the markets that are running LTE today.
Steven Eric Creviston: And then on the mobile side, it is one of our largest growth drivers this year in terms of just the overall opportunity. It's about $1 billion opportunity out there in mobile Wi-Fi for us. And we're doing really, really well with some differentiated technology on the filter side. And the part that we announced as one of the strategic highlights is something very similar to RF Fusion and what we do in the cellular modem, but this is in the Wi-Fi front end for mobile in which we combine all the power amplifiers, switches and those differentiated filter components into a very compact, single-placement, high-performance solution, and we're seeing participation now across the major reference designs and we're confident that's going to lead to revenue in the second of fiscal year.
Steven Eric Creviston: Right. So I'll talk about target exposure to customers, if I understood the question, right? As a -- just a high-level strategy, I suppose, we want to be broadly exposed to the market, which means we want the share of our revenue that each customer contributes to be roughly equal to the share of their opportunity. So we're not looking to overweight or underweight on any particular segment or customer. But probably, far more important than that, is we're operating to a very disciplined financial model. We're constantly seeking ways to grow the topline while improving profitability and that happens at the product level, not at the customer level. A lot of our products which are highly profitable cut across most of our customers, frankly. So we're looking for those opportunities. That's what we're prioritizing in our investments where do we get the highest profitability and the highest growth. And how do we continue to hit the financial model.
Steven Eric Creviston: I think that's pretty much it. We said in January, we expected to be kind of slow until we got through the lunar New Year and then it would pop up but with the late lunar New Year, we weren't sure how much exposure we'd see in March. But it did turn up at the very end of March to start picking up. We've seen that continue into this quarter and the year is still looking to be very much on track. There's a lot of excitement about growth there and the 4G rollout, as you know, the net adds have been running averaging about 20 million a month for 4G in China. So right now, the market's pretty robust. There's going to be a need for a lot more 4G handsets. And we've got a tremendous opportunity for content growth there.
Steven Eric Creviston: So I guess regarding the China question. We can't say a whole lot more than we already have. I mean MediaTek's pointing towards a good back half. We agree. As Bob said at the beginning, it's too early to call the back half. But some of the things to look for are continued 4G net adds. Also, I think the export market is going to be pretty important to our China customers this year. And of course, MediaTek's open to help drive some of that. We're very well-represented. We mentioned the strategic highlights, both new 4G smartphones for -- these are leading flagship smartphones that are launching now which will be in full production throughout the year. And which we've got multiple dollars of content and then in addition to that, our first RF flex. We just announced this in Barcelona. We've got production orders already. We're ramping shipments right now as we speak. And so we'll have a full half year the second half of the calendar year to be shipping that RF flex solution. So yes, a lot of things to be excited in there in that market.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yes. Thanks for the question. I can tell you, it's a very target-rich environment, right now. We literally have all the pieces we need now that we put the company together. As you can imagine, the things that we're selling right now are still basically the roadmap of the previous companies, the legacy companies. The diversity received modular, I mentioned in the strategic highlights, probably one of the first examples of a new product category that we're able to address as Qorvo which wasn't that attractive. Again, we're executing on this financial model. You looked at that model as separate companies, didn't really fit so much. But there's a couple of reasons why that's exciting to Qorvo. One is that it combines the best-in-class switching with also, now, filters and LNAs as well. And we think this is a great opportunity, it's about $1 billion segment today that should double over the next 3 years and we're essentially not playing it all until we have this launch this fall, obviously a design win we announced. So that's one example of a new product area where we think we can really differentiate by bringing BAW technology into that segment which is all SAW today. And there's a lot of other examples. RF flex infusion, as you know, we're really helping to drive the integration levels higher in the industry. We're working out multiple generations now with not only our key customers but probably more importantly, all of the major platform providers. And the trend is crystal clear, it's about integration, it's about enabling real proliferation of high-performance compact [indiscernible] systems and it's the core technologies we bring in switches and filtering, power management system architecture, that's what enabling it. So target-rich environment, we got a lot of opportunities, we're focusing on where we think we can grow and be the most profitable.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yes. So inflow tracking, as we've talked about, I think in Barcelona, is still kind of relegated to the very top tier. We are hearing more discussions with wider range of platform providers that'll be taking it down in the mid-tier. But that's going to take some time. It's really kind of a next year activity. So inflow tracking is important. But I wouldn't say it's a driver right now, unless it's separate in the very top tier. The carrier aggregation is quite a bit more prominent. That is everywhere right now. There's over 50 -- over 50 different combinations of carrier aggregation scenarios that we're now working to help enable with different band combinations and different carriers and so forth. And the thing that's common about all of them is it drives requirements for switching and filtering. So we're very, very actively engaged with carrier aggregation work right now. I'm sure you're aware, even uplink carrier aggregation is coming next year as well for China Mobile. So that's a definite driver in the design activity in what we're specifying our products in terms of capability.
Steven Eric Creviston: It's certainly in the Mobile business, it's China. It's what we've been talking about. It's the new platform launches. We're represented more on some of the reference designs where we previously represented a little less and overall content growth, unit growth in China.
Steven Eric Creviston: Thanks for the try. So yes, I mean 2G is certainly de minimis in our business and the 3G entry for the most part is as well. Again, it's hard to break out. Because a lot of that 3G stuff is in the 4G handsets as well and a lot of our components are used in both modes. So it is a little hard to break it out. But to your point, there's no question right now that the 2G, 3G headwinds are lighter than they were the past couple of quarters for us. And we're getting -- starting to see more of the full content growth from 4G. So if I could move back to the first couple of questions. The content gain, second half, yes. So the product development cycle, as you know, are generally about 9 to 18 months and then with design-ins and ramp-ups, you're not looking at major impacts from new content gains from the merger this fiscal year. It's really next fiscal year when you're going to begin to see a full portfolio of Qorvo products. The diversity received module, which you mentioned specifically, is 1 example where we are, I think, able to capture some of the content gains from the Qorvo merger during this fiscal year. And to answer your specific question, about LNAs, as far as I know, at least I believe, everyone that we're developing will have LNA capability in it. And the reason for that is, we're really attacking the premium diversity received module market. So we're not going after the kind of just diversity received modules that have been the phones in the past. We're going after the ones that are in the high band count, high carrier aggregation requirements, types of applications where, one, you need really good filters and really good switches; and then also, two, you do need LNA, you need some active components in there. That makes it a very attractive segment for us.
Steven Eric Creviston: No. Like I said, it's a target-rich environment. We're picking the ones where we think we have the most differentiation. So yes, we're going after segments where we think we have something really unique by definition. That means the competition shouldn't be as strong at it. And again, it's really just finding the intersection of where we have those differentiated strengths where there's also a problem our customer really, really needs to solve. And that's exactly the case in these diversity received modules.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yes, you're right. We've actually managed to have a good relationship with them. They still depend on us as well as other RF suppliers for the vast majority of their RF content on their reference designs and the products that they ship. So I think it really does scale with the overall opportunity. And it's not just Qualcomm specific but with each of the reference design houses. We have an increasing amount of attention these days and therefore, content that's coming along with it.
Steven Eric Creviston: This is Eric. I don't think there's really a blur in the line necessarily. I mean, there are more and more frequency bands coming on. And even with the existing bands, there are changes that are coming from the operators. We still work very closely with the carriers and helping to sort of influence the requirements for the filters. And there are some that are very well-addressed by temp-comp SAW, and some that are addressed by BAW and temp-comp BAW even. And we see in general, the ones that are going to be addressed by BAW are growing more rapidly. And those are the areas that we're primarily focused on.
Steven Eric Creviston: No. In fact, we see several cases where BAW is taking what is more traditional SAW content. TC-SAW applies to a few bands areas specifically and very, very well. We don't see that changing. The overall trend is kind of between SAW and BAW. And the diversity received modules we've talked about several times today are an example of were able to take what's SAW before and replace that with BAW and actually add value to the customer.
James L. Klein: This is James. Thanks for the question. I mean, we're seeing 2 dynamics that are really helping us grow in the Wi-Fi market on my side of the world. The shift to 11ac has certainly been very beneficial for us and we're also seeing the carriers drive to more offload on Wi-Fi in high-density areas. So both of those dynamics are really helping us grow. Of course, we're excited about new set of product that we've got released and being on some key reference designs in 5 gigahertz or higher power areas. So it looks good so far.
James L. Klein: Yes, and I think it's important to notice, to think about this a little different. I'm going to really focus you on the CPE side. So we're going to talk about Gateway and enterprise predominantly. Our focus has been in this 5 gigahertz area. So we've recently released what we think are the industry-leading set of components and those PAs. And we continue to develop those products. So I -- not really focused on the back, on the past and us getting out, I think we are very, very focused on that market and we've got some great products.
James L. Klein: Well, as always, we continue to develop new next-generation technologies and focusing on investing and make sure that we've got the best processes in the industry. So that next generation of HBT will certainly play a role in this part of the market.
James L. Klein: So I would say, Ed, again, thanks for the question, we're on the verge of that. We've got some of our first key reference design wins in that area and were starting to ramp up production on those products now. So I think as we do get to the back half, we'll start to see substantial growth in that area. Certainly, that's where we're focused. We're really focused on supporting those reference designs and make sure that we have discriminating technology. So I think we'll start to see more and more ramp up in the back half, and it is a big focus area for us.
