Mark J. Murphy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Qorvo's revenue for the second quarter was $884 million, $29 million above the midpoint of our guidance, up 28% sequentially and 8% year-over-year. Mobile Products revenue was $667 million, a 37% sequential increase and reflected strong seasonal ramps. IDP revenue was $218 million, another quarter of double-digit year-over-year growth, with particularly strong demand in Infrastructure. Non-GAAP gross margin in the September quarter was 47.7%, 20 basis points over our guide. Our margin outlook remains positive as we transition the mix of our product portfolio, improve factory utilization and drive productivity. Operating expenses were in control at $168 million, down slightly from our guidance. We expect OpEx to trend down slightly through the back half of the year, with full-year OpEx ending at approximately 20% of sales. Non-GAAP net income in the September quarter was a record $225 million, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.75 or $0.13 above the midpoint of our guidance. The earnings power of the business is increasing as we grow in the right areas and remain disciplined in capital and operating spend. September quarter cash flow from operations was near $215 million and CapEx was $70 million, yielding free cash flow of $144 million. CapEx is currently projected to end the year a little over $300 million and remains principally for BAW and GaN capacity additions at our Texas fabs. We repurchased $87 million of stock in the quarter and ended the September quarter with $558 million of cash and cash equivalents. During the quarter, we redeemed our remaining 6.75% notes, due 2023 and repurchased $436 million of our 7% notes, due 2025. Also, in the quarter, we issued $630 million of 5.5% notes, maturing in 2026. With these actions, we've lowered our interest costs and extended our average debt maturity to 2026. We are below our long-range – our long-term leverage target and retain significant financial flexibility to grow the business and return capital to shareholders. Turning to our outlook. In the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect non-GAAP revenue between $880 million and $900 million, gross margin to increase sequentially to approximately 50%, and diluted EPS of $1.95 at the midpoint of our guidance. We currently project Mobile Products revenues in the December quarter to be up slightly sequentially in support of seasonal phone ramps. For China, we see a relatively healthy channel, but given the strength from China-based handset manufacturers' year-to-date, we are taking a measured view on demand in the back half of the fiscal year. We expect IDP to post another solid quarter with strength in infrastructure, offsetting near-term weakness in Wi-Fi. On gross margin, our December quarter guide reflects ongoing progress improving the portfolio, utilizing our fabs and driving productivity. We expect gross margins in the back half of the fiscal year to average 50% or more. Operating expenses are forecasted to decrease slightly in the December quarter to approximately $165 million. We're maintaining a full-year non-GAAP tax rate forecast of approximately 8%. We expect operating cash flow to strengthen in the second half of the fiscal year on higher revenue, stronger margins and lower working capital. In the third quarter, CapEx is expected to peak for the fiscal year with BAW and GaN capacity investments in Richardson and the continued build-out of BAW capacity in Farmers Branch. So in summary, the September quarter was a record revenue and earnings quarter for Qorvo. Our portfolio strategy and operational improvements are yielding stronger and more consistent results. Looking ahead, our outlook remains essentially unchanged with full-year revenue growth around 10%, gross margin increasing to 50% or more for the fiscal second half and OpEx in control and ending at about 20% of sales for the full fiscal year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, I mean, we're not giving quarter guidance. I would, certainly beyond the quarter we're giving – and we've talked about second half guidance for gross margin. I guess the question is, what should gross margin do if we execute on our plan? And we believe that we have the potential to expand gross margin going forward. And we believe there are a number of reasons. One is, we know this year that the SAW under-utilization is headwind for us, and we expect that to some effect in the near-term, which would include early next year. We also have, that will wane through this year and then into next year, so become a lesser effect on the business. We're also continuing to affect the mix transitions that we want to occur with BAW related revenue, GaN and other premium technology products, and that will have a positive effect. We are being very disciplined around capital, and as our capital efficiency improves through larger wafers, die shrinks and other things, we should see those effects help with the margin. And then there's, of course, other productivity, better yields, lower inventory charges, improved cycle times. I can go on and on. The team is working on a lot of things. I'd say, lastly, we are tightening relationships with our supply chain, developing selective partnerships, joint productivity programs and other things to broaden the scope of our productivity efforts.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, Chris, this is Mark. We're not going to talk about customer-specific programs and handicap those. What I can talk about generally is our expansion plans. I think we've talked at length about our utilization issues on SAW and we continue to work through those. We do believe SAW is a critical technology for us, and so we will maintain SAW capacity and we have good technology and we'll deploy that in Phase 6 and other areas, particularly in BAW-related applications. As far as gas (29:49) capacity, it is well loaded in Oregon and North Carolina. And then BAW capacity, you heard James talk about GaN, so we're fully loaded there, and then we've got our BAW capacity in Texas, which currently is production's all out of Richardson, and Richardson is at capacity. Currently, about 70% of our capacity in BAW is on 6-inch and 30% is on 8-inch, and we are undertaking over the next year between wafer conversions and bringing Farmers Branch online, bringing on more 8-inch. So, this time next year, we will have actually the reverse of what we have now, roughly 30% 6-inch and 70% 8-inch. And based on our current plans, which also include not only that wafer conversion, but also die shrink programs, yield improvements, cycle time, all these other things, we believe we have the capacity to meet what we believe is our revenue outlook. Now we're continuously reviewing that plan and update the spend plan when needed as we consider opportunities, the pace of tool conversions, new tool lead times, technology and process changes, and other factors, but hopefully that gives you some color as to our thinking on capacity.
Mark J. Murphy: It's hard to say, Chris. It's just a very complex, continuously assessed situation, and it may – you could slow the conversion. You could slow various technology programs. You could accelerate them. It's just, you know, I gave you what our current view is sitting here on October 31, and we'll give you an update periodically as things change.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, so, we expect this year to be between 3% and 3.25%. So, given the guidance that we've given, that would put it just under 10% of sales for the year. And the CapEx as a percent of sales was down sharply last year to 9%. We thought it continue to go down, but as we said we brought some of this spend for Farmers Branch in, so we're just a little bit higher than we expected. We expect CapEx as a percent of sales to resume a downward trend next year.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, so we're not going to give guidance on gross margin, Vivek, beyond the current quarter and the next quarter, since we've given half year. What I can say is again, we're focused on investing in the right technologies and developing the right portfolio. We've talked about that at length; large markets, fast-growing markets, hard-to-do products. Secondly, we're maintaining utilization of the fabs, selective investments, driving down capital intensity. And then third, we're just operating better and with greater discipline and driving continuous improvement. Yeah, the lift in margins sequentially second quarter to third, it's up about 230 basis points. About half of that, well, a little over half of that is continued product and customer mix. And then the remainder is net lower cost. So factory productivity, lower inventory charges and partially offset by some price and also the adverse effects of – actually, sequentially the effects of SAW, the SAW underutilization are actually less in the third quarter than they are in the second on a percent basis, not on a – and an absolute dollar basis.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, Tim, I don't believe we've given details on the mix within business in a quarter. But what I can tell you is, we had two 10% customers, one of which was a large China-based OEM. And then you know our largest customer, so.
Mark J. Murphy: Toshiya, no dividend at this time. We do forecast strong free cash flow generation going forward and we certainly have the balance sheet capacity and cash flow outlook to grow the business, including inorganically, and return cash to shareholders, which now is done through share repurchase. We did buy, as I mentioned, $87 million in the quarter. Outside the ASR, I believe that's the third-highest quarter of repurchase we've done. We've done about $187 million in the last six months. So, higher than the free cash flow generated over that period. So, we've returned more than all of our free cash flow to shareholders.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, I think we are definitely seeing the ramp beginning now. We've probably have been in the strong ordering pattern, certainly for the last several months. We're anticipating that to be strong for the next several years, very similar to what we saw in the 4G rollouts that we had several years back. So, sustainable. It looks well-behaved from our perspective as far as number of base stations are going to get rolled out. Now what's different for us this time than 4G rollouts early on is a content story. So, because of the massive MIMO that I talked about earlier, that drives significant content increase for Qorvo. And because of our GaN capabilities, we're now able to supply the power amplifier slot, which we weren't in 4G rollouts back a few years ago. So, again, I think it's normal ramp what we saw back three or four years ago and I think we'll be able to play in a much larger role, because of MIMO and GaN.
James L. Klein: Harsh, this is James. As you said, we did have a very strong base station quarter across all the OEMs. It was driven by strength in both 4G and 5G deployments, and we also saw a strong demand for small cell and massive MIMO products, including very early deployments for 5G. That includes material orders for GaN to support those MIMO deployments. And on top of that, we've also done very well with share gains, particularly in one of our European OEMs. So, very strong growth in base station. We did talk a little early about Wi-Fi. So, we have seen some effects in our Wi-Fi business that we think are relatively near-term. We think that slowdown has been based on the delays in the release of the AX standard. We also have customers experiencing some shortages in other materials that are affecting their production, and some impacts of tariffs as they transition some of their manufacturing locations. Defense, we're off a little bit of our record highs that we experienced back in the back half of last year, but that business is typically a bit lumpy. What I would say about both Defense and Wi-Fi, the fundamentals are both very, very strong. We do see that the technologies we have are matched very well with where we see both of those marketplaces going.
James L. Klein: Yeah, as I've stated many times, I mean we see that overall GaN market again, defense, broadband, cable and wireless infrastructure, that market is going to grow in the low to mid-20s. I think we'll do significantly better than that as we go forward. You saw that in this last quarter. That was driven a lot by Defense, but we are now really beginning the start of production deliveries around these 5G deployments and massive MIMO deployments. I think one thing I want to talk a little bit, while we're on massive MIMO is we definitely are seeing the OEMs start those deployments. Over the next couple of years, probably maybe three years, we expect that 20% or 30% of the RUs will be massive MIMO antennas. What that does for us, it results in about a 4x of the number of channels, about a 8x to 12x increase in content for us. So, that's going to drive a significant amount of GaN demand as we go through these deployments in 5G over the next several years.
James L. Klein: I would say that the content is certainly today, as Bob talked about in 6 gigahertz and below. In the out years, we believe millimeter wave will continue to gain traction, and we're certainly supporting multiple different millimeter wave opportunities around the industry. As far as the breakout of below 6 gigahertz, we're seeing strength both in Asia deployments and deployments in the U.S., and so you'll see a little bit of different frequency band selections. Predominantly, I would say, we play in a little bit of the higher end of frequency ranges, but it's relatively broad-based at this point.
James L. Klein: Ed, this is James. So, let me talk about massive MIMO. So, we definitely are seeing strong order demands right now. For us, that's much broader than just GaN, because we're supplying the components that affect the rest of the transmit side plus the vast majority of all the components that go into the receive side as well. So, that demand is going today, and I talked a little about what we see content-wise. As far as the GaN portion of it as well, we do have significant production orders on the books now and we're in the process of building and producing those. And in that section of the – I agree with you that Defense is certainly still the strongest part of our GaN portfolio, but the base station is going to grow at a rapid pace and will outstrip the overall growth of GaN.
James L. Klein: Yeah, so we're in line with what we shared at Investor Day. Growth is tracking those underlying markets and they're growing between 10% and 15%. And as I've said before, I think we'll do a bit better than that. The Defense and Wi-Fi have pulled back a bit. But again, I think the underlying trends are very, very positive in both of those markets. And once AX takes hold and some of our customers adjust their manufacturing plans, I think you'll see Wi-Fi start to take off again. But I think we'll grow just better than those underlying markets and, again, in that 10% to 15% range.
James L. Klein: Sure. So today, the vast majority of our business into the China ecosystem, if you will, is the RF Flex parts, which are not as integrated. I think virtually all of our customers are now either in production or will be in production with a Phase 6 type of phone to test the benefits of the integration, performance and so forth. So today, it's relatively small, less than 10% of our sales into the China ecosystem. We expect it to grow significantly next year, as you can imagine, based on the traction we're seeing now.
James L. Klein: So, forgot exactly the way you phrased it. But if you're asking about the less than seasonal decline or the offset to seasonality maybe, it's a mix.
James L. Klein: One, the – probably the biggest driver is flagship content and then, but also a continued just migration towards more Phase 6 phones with our China customers, too.
James L. Klein: Hello. This is James. So, we are seeing significant traction with our focus on the AEC qualified parts, particularly Wi-Fi, satellite radio and the VDX systems that Bob talked about in his remarks. We are – our Cat 4 and Cat 6 products are shipping into car models early next year. So, I think that's when we'll start to see the first really material revenue. And then, Cat 16 products will support 2022 models. So, we're still in a pretty long design cycle for the automotive business.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, this is Eric. I can give a little more color on that. We mentioned in last quarter's call that we had seen a very strong market year-to-date and that a lot of the high-end handsets had just launched and we are waiting to see how the sell-through goes there. Obviously, we've got a lot of content and a lot of the high-end handsets there. So, I think that's the area that we're most conservative on now. Just keeping an eye on it, as Mark said. Sort of a measured view to see how those sell out.
Steven Eric Creviston: It's a good question. I think the opportunities we see may be centered around integration more. As those customers look to pack more features in and, in particular, prepare for 5G capability, people are generally taking more of the handset portfolio up the integration curve. So, Phase 6, as an example, where we combine the entire main path into two placements, we think that's just a great opportunity for Qorvo to see that really penetrate further and further into the handset portfolio.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, so in terms of Mobile exposure to China, it's about 30% of the business goes to China, not including Huawei, the broader customer base in China. And regarding the channel inventory, we've got visibility, a very clear visibility into our component inventory in the channel and we know that, that is quite healthy and in line. We don't have quite as good a visibility on the final handset that – a little bit of a delay, but our own component inventory is clear.
Steven Eric Creviston: This is Eric. Yeah, I think we're working with virtually all of our customers with these product types, and there's – in terms of specific share, it will vary by customer of course and product type. But we're clearly one of only a few people that can do this, and when you combine it with our high-performance SAW, our leadership in tuning, switching and power management and advanced packaging, we really like our odds. We've got a lot to bring to the party. We're helping customers design fantastic products and helping them get ready for 5G. So, there's a lot of excitement around a broad portfolio of products for a lot of customers.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, I would say the growth was fairly broad-based across nearly all of our customers and skewed towards the marquee platforms, I would say.
Steven Eric Creviston: So, picking DRx first. We continue to invest in BAW-based DRx modules. We see clear opportunities with the increasing mid and high-band DRx and as MIMO comes on-board and so forth. The one that's we're developing have combination technologies, but majority of which are BAW-based and we are seeing technical differentiation in some parameters. And so, we're still targeting second-half calendar year next year for first production.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, hi, Vivek. This is Eric. I think based on our past experience for the flagship OEMs or leading OEM, phone designs, we would typically see down select decisions six months to nine months prior to phone production.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure. Yeah, Krysten. This is Eric. I'll be happy to speak to that. We talked about this a bit at our Analyst Day as well and we've learned a lot since then, of course. We do see some brand-new bands coming into the handset, a lot of activity right now around 3.5 gigahertz bands and 4.9 gigahertz bands, which will be dedicated 5G bands. So, that's all new content. But when you put those in and you also look at taking the 4G in the phone fully up to LTE Advanced Pro – and that's going to be important for any 5G handset, because when it isn't in a range of a 5G base station, you're still going to want to – some sort of competitive throughput and so you'll see virtually all 5G phones have LTE Advanced Pro as a baseline. So, there you've got full 4x4 MIMO, 256 QAM, high-power amplifiers and so forth. So, we see 5G handsets having significantly more 4G content. And that's why in total in CY20 we think the effect of 5G on the RF10 for us is about $1 billion.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, it's a very good question. Yes, we do, although the effect is not as great, of course, in those bands as when you add completely new bands. But when you run the 5G modulation through that, it does affect what power amplifying, switching, filtering and everything around those bands and of course, it gets harder. It never gets easier when you're pushing more data through a phone in any band. So, we do see some impact from those bands as well.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, I think we've talked about opportunities with Samsung, in particular, where we have much greater content. We've talked for some time now about new opportunities with Samsung's phones, both this fall with ultra-high band as we've now discussed, and then a big step up in the spring launch with a much higher integrated platform there. So, that's going to be a bit of a tailwind for us in March.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, the second 10% customer has been a great customer for us this year. We've been building business through content gains and getting a higher presence on their platforms, both their flagship platforms as well as their mass tier platform. So, it's been a great story for us this year and, of course, we're overall the leading supplier of RF2 to all the other big suppliers in China as well. So, overall, it's been just a great, great year for us in China and a lot of excitement again about the new technologies that we're working on together for next year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sorry, Tom. I'm not sure we fully understand your question. I will say this, the ramping of our BAW facility is going extremely well. I commented on that before. I'm very proud of what the team's been doing and fantastic ramp in what we've seen and we're looking forward to continuing to grow our BAW-based business.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: ...and – sorry. We're not going to go there, Tim. I understand the nature of your question and why you're asking, but we're not going to give you that granularity at this time.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Let me start with a little broader comment that we've assessed the impact on us from the different sets of tariffs that have been imposed by the U.S. and China, what's been imposed so far. And so far, all that's been immaterial on our business. James mentioned, we've got a couple in the retail space, non-handset that have been looking to move their supply chains. But as far as China-based handset customers, no, we've seen no change in their buying behaviors, patterns, what they're doing for their supply chains, et cetera.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Let me start with, Cody, I think as James has already pointed out, we think we've started to see some of that in his business. We've got some strength in some areas. The growth in 5G is offsetting some of the weakness that we're seeing. His Infrastructure business is strong, and yes, we've seen some in the retail area. As far as our Mobile business goes, we've modeled for the whole year. We didn't expect the handset industry to grow. We didn't expect the handset industry or consumption of handsets in China to grow either this year. It's been primarily around content. So, a lot of that thinking that now some people are seeing, we took a conservative view from the macro perspective earlier in the year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, Krysten, I appreciate the question and understand why many investors might want to know that answer, but like I've said on prior calls, we're not going to comment on how future customer programs are running and things like that. I think we've given you guys enough color on at least the entire industry of our business with the guidance that we provided for this quarter, Mark's opening comments about what we expect to grow for the year. And I think that's really enough information that's needed at this time.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us on tonight's call. We hope to see you at upcoming investor meetings, and we look forward to speaking with you on our third quarter call. Thank you again, and have a good night.
