William A. Priddy, Jr.: For one thing we recently reinstated our 401K match. We also took a year off from giving salary increases and that will be layered back in to the March quarter. So nothing major in terms of expense increases. There’s always the increase in FICA taxes every year beginning in the March quarter for those people who may have maxed out on FICA taxes during the year. 
William A. Priddy, Jr.: We already given an awful lot of guidance on the call and at various conferences and throughout the quarter so I think the days of RFMD giving revenue will be X and earnings will be Y, I don’t see a need to go back to that kind of old fashion way of giving guidance.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: I’m not quite sure I understand the part about the headwinds but clearly what’s driving the margin performance is number one how we structure the business and number two is the resulting customer and product diversification that we’re seeing across the business whether it’s in the cellular products group with some of the products that Eric had mentioned in 2G and 3G, new customers that we’re bringing on going in to production with all the major Smartphone manufacturers.  MPG has not realized its full potential coming out of the downturn. Most of this market has been a little slower to recovery so we’re seeing those markets begin to pick up steam and as you know the margins in the MPG business are quite a bit accretive to corporate margins. So just about everywhere we look we see room for margin improvement. We mentioned that for every $1 of incremental revenue that we expect in fiscal year ’11 we’re going to be dropping 60% plus to the bottom line so that’s pretty good fall through.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: Well we mentioned that Y band or 3G was about 50% of the cellular front end business so the rest of the cellular front end business would be 2G technologies and the transceiver business was in a range between 10% and 15% of revenue.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: We don’t really look at it as a percentage basis. I think it all depends on how much money that we’re making when you compute the cash taxes and we expect to be more profitable in fiscal year ’11 than we were in fiscal year ’10 so you can expect cash taxes will be going up. You’re probably still in the range of maybe another $1 million to $1.5 million a quarter on top of what you’ve seen on average this quarter. But once again, it all depends on the profitability and where that profitability occurs because there are different tax rates in different countries.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: A couple of reasons why we use cash taxes, for one thing we do have considerable NOLs, we have federal NOLs of about $100 million, $97 million to be specific and federal R&D tax credits of $41 million so we still have quite a bit of those to work through on a GAAP basis. So, we thought the investors would be interested in cash taxes and how it would impact the company’s free cash flow.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: We’ve got a small amount of ’10s left, about $10 million due the first of July and then in 2012 there’s about $198 million and 2014 roughly $135 million.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: I think there’s no uncertainty, I think most companies are a bit conservative on their guidance. In terms of linearity we expect a strong first half of the quarter, probably take a little breather during the lunar New Year time frame as most companies would expect and then our customers are telling us to expect a strong back half of the quarter.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: The consensus was probably within a million or so dollars. Linearity was actually pretty good during the quarter. I would say if there was any one area that was a bit of a headwind actually goes back to the September quarter and some concerns about inventory build with a particular customer in Korea. So, if there was any short fall that probably accounted for that million or couple of million or so eroding. It was pretty much in the noise but I think maybe what is more important is the run rates have been established subsequent to the December quarter the [pull] rate has been pretty strong.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: Harsh, I can comment on the gross margins a little bit longer term. What may appear to be a bit of a headwind is actually a tailwind to gross margins longer term. The POLARIS business up against the roll off we’re going to see an improvement in our gross margin for a couple of reasons, number one it is low margin business, very low margin compared to company averages and number two, we’re picking up significant new product design wins both with cellular front ends and also with switch and signal conditioning products and MPG coming back that are all very much accretive to corporate margins.  So we’re replacing low margin business with high margin business so as POLARIS rolls off – it’s a three margin point drag today basically is what it is. So with that Eric can speak to how long POLARIS is going to last.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: Well, I think all options are on the table Harsh. Yes, I mentioned that we continue to have an active share buyback and bond buyback program in place. We’re not going to rule out strategic options that would be accretive to the company’s earnings so basically everything is I feel like for the first time in a good year, year and a half, that all of our options are open to us.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: Well, it’s going to drop to the gross profit but we don’t see any meaningful increases in expenses during calendar ’10 or FY ’11 so I would say the fall through is going to be pretty much one-for-one.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: In fact, when you look at our core business our gross margins are already above 41% so that’s very close and operating margins were 17% so we give it a bit of revenue growth in our core business and 60% of that falls through, it adds up real fast.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: We were very vague on specific gross margin guidance. I mean we can construct various scenarios but expectations if revenue does drop and you have a certain amount of fixed expenses then gross margins are likely going to drop as well. But, I think the thing that we’ve been getting across to investors is don’t expect any significant fall off in gross margins in the March quarter because of seasonal factors.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: Indirectly we answered the question because we expect a very strong January timeframe and before Chinese New Year so we’ve actually put inventory in place to make sure we’re well covered for this demand period and then we also expect a very strong back half of the quarter as well with just a little bit of a let up during the Chinese New Year.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: Utilization rates in the December quarter were around 70% which were roughly consistent with the previous two quarters. I don’t expect any major departures from that utilization rate in the March quarter. It could tick down just a bit, I mean we don’t expect to build inventory in the March quarter.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: We’re just going to continue to pursue profitable growth opportunities and I think both business units have ample opportunity to grow. So it’s a little difficult to predict exactly where that will fall out. I look at both businesses and I’ve heard both Bob and Eric reiterate in fiscal year ’11 they expect to grow their businesses so it could pick up a point or so either way.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: I can definitely construct that scenario. I think the only potential headwind to that is our POLARIS or transceiver business and it’s very difficult to say exactly when that’s going to be trailing off but in our core business I think you can absolutely construct that scenario. I think from an investor perspective the total revenue is going to be dictated somewhat by what the transceiver business does but keep a very close eye on what the core business does because that is where we’re making our investments, where we’re taking share and where we have the opportunities for growth.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: We haven’t historically broken out the individual group’s operating profitability. But I will say we have been able to achieve the significant improvement in financial results and we’ve been pretty clear that the MPG organization is just now beginning to recover so I think that speaks to the opportunity for additional improvement in financial results as MPG continues its recovery.
William A. Priddy, Jr.: I hesitate to put a number out there because those forecasts have been pretty tricky in that market. It’s clearly in the millions that we’re already getting up to that kind of run rate even at a quarterly basis I think so it’s definitely significant in 2010.
Steven E. Creviston: I think that was more a factor in the September quarterly probably than the December quarter and certainly today going in to March again as Dean said, we’re seeing a very strong start to the quarter and don’t appear to be impacted by any supply shortages.
Steven E. Creviston: I wouldn’t call it a price issue by any means based on extra capacity. We talked at our analyst day actually in 2008 I suppose, we showed a picture of the 716X family of products that we were bringing out and how we expected to achieve product leadership both in the cost to produce the product but also in its functionality. Since then we’ve talked many times I think about how we brought out a complete product family about that pin out so our customers can develop one board layout and then release anything from a dual band GPRS up to a quad band edge solution with that same phone board. That concept is really catching on and we’re seeing to your first question that this is definitely continuing. We’re making a lot of progress. We think we’ve got a long way to go there as well.Edward Snyder – Charter Equity Research : Then finally just one quick one for Dean, obviously with all the upheaval in late ’08 and all of ’09 most everybody has gotten away from any kind of detailed guidance but you’ve had kind of a real stable run here improving performance overall, do you see yourselves going back to giving more specific guidance or are you guys comfortable with this approach and just going to take the volatility? Then, I want to clarify you said in the coming quarter that 15% target operating margin is where you think you might head, is that GAAP or pro forma.
Steven E. Creviston: I think the March quarter so far is shaping up to look a lot like the December quarter. Really again, the demand is pretty broad base, certainly there’s strength in 3G, I mean that’s growing much faster than the market obviously in terms of dollars in particular as well as units so we’re seeing strength there but it is also across many, many different customers? Also I guess maybe something specific to RFMD we have talked about launching our switch and signal conditioning product line so those products are getting in to the market now and we’re definitely expecting that to have huge sequential growth in the March quarter and then throughout FY ’11 as well. I think that it’s really across the board.
Steven E. Creviston: It is a little hard to quantify it, you’re right. We believe the visibility is very good right now looking in to the March quarter. Certainly, the order patterns are very strong, lead times are very good and so it appears we have very good visibility in CPG.
Steven E. Creviston: I think we commented earlier that we are comparing ourselves to the handset industry seasonality which we would benchmark it as 10% to 15% typically, about 12% on average and that’s what we intend to do.
Steven E. Creviston: Maybe you were offline for a bit, we did answer that question earlier and essentially we’re very confident in remaining the top supplier with our largest customer and the world’s largest handset manufacturer. We’re very confident in that position in the long term and beyond that we’ve got a lot of products coming out that we’ve been talking for a couple of years now about our ability to continue to gain in the rest of the market. We’re demonstrating those gains so we’re confident we’re going to grow, net/net in balance we’re going to grow year-over-year.
Steven E. Creviston: Customer forecasts continue to show that we’ll have about two more quarters of roughly the same absolute dollar level that we’re in today and then it will ramp down over about a four quarter period. 
Steven E. Creviston: We do continue to go down that curve. The December quarter actually our percentage of revenues on new products was lower than it was in September. It was a little under 30% as a matter of fact and we see that being roughly that level as well in March and then from what we see in the customer forecasts that will tick back up to around 35% mark during FY ’11. 
Steven E. Creviston: Is your question regarding design win share? I’m not exactly sure how to answer that I guess. In terms of design wins there is more activity I would say in 3G generally but there’s still a lot of robust activity in 2G for sure, there’s a lot going on there for sure. We’ve talked about the emergence of the 3G entry category. For example, we think in 2010 you’re going to see a lot of that where our customers are really delivering the Smartphone type of features down to the mass market and so that’s generating an awful lot of kind of that mid tier but 3G type design activity.
Steven E. Creviston: It’s a good question. We aren’t seeing anything significantly out of the normal range so far and don’t anticipate anything really in 2010. It’s a growing market, there is a lot of opportunity and so we don’t expect anything out of the normal range.
Steven E. Creviston: Just to be clear it includes what we call wedge which is edge in a Y band [inaudible] handset and almost all of those today are shipping as transient modules which have a switch that has a Y band pass in it.Suji De Silva – Kaufman Brothers: And if I recall you said the mix is 50/50. Where do you expect that mix to be 12 months out? Is 3G going to grow faster? I imagine it would.
Steven E. Creviston: That’s been an area of real strength for us as you probably know and we started out selling our standard components in to that market we have now progressed where we’re actually releasing custom components for that market and I think the market leader there in data modems is a strong partner of ours. That’s going really well and we expect it to continue to go well.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Just to clarify something, what we said was for fiscal ’10 for the entire fiscal year we would approach 15% and what Dean’s comments were earlier in fiscal ’11, I know you mentioned ’12, in fiscal ’11 we should be able to exceed the 15%.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: With our factories running roughly 70% coupled with the increasing dye per wafer that we’ve got planned, we can grow significantly. A lot of that capital will be continuing to expand our engineering capabilities for new products and new technologies along with Dean pointed out some of our backend processes that has our suppliers, we grow with them we’ll make versus buy decisions.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We actually have some pretty insignificant level of revenues already. It’s going to slowly build, the foundry business takes a while to get the funnel filled. The funnel is pretty full right now at more than 20 customers in that funnel right now. We have quite a few design kits out there and we’re interfacing on a daily basis. I would say that the meaningful revenue would start to come in over the next few quarters. I might also mentioned that because we’ve opened the doors as a foundry, we’re also engaging with large customers and large potential strategic partners about actually sharing our GaN technology not only as a product but perhaps as a foundry or a technology. So we’ve got some interesting dialog going there also.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We actually are expecting I think we said in the prepared comments that all the business units that we have, the four major areas, should grow but we’re looking for continued growth in Wi-Fi access points and CPE with the opening of Wi-Fi for handsets in China. That’s an interesting development, a lot of Wi-Fi applications in handsets now are also becoming dual band which provides some opportunity for our front end modules there. The AMR smart grid area is an area that we should see some growth sequentially as well as our defense and power applications. Our defense and power business has been growing quite nicely over the past few quarters and actually on a year-over-year basis. We also indicated that cable TV should also see some growth. So I think as Bob may have mentioned in his prepared comments, it is very broad based. We’re starting to see quite frankly all of our diversified end markets heal and recover and start to show some opportunity for growth.  So it’s not one particular market. That’s the message I’d like to leave you with. It is across a broad range of our end markets but we do expect all of our major end markets to grow quarter-over-quarter. There’s been a pause as you know from a wireless infrastructure standpoint the second half of last year which we forecasted. We are even starting to see some indication that that might also start to return to growth in the first half of this year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: The one thing I want to comment on there Harsh, it’s something I know we take questions from time-to-time, why don’t we end of life it. I think what’s most important is our customers can determine at the rate it can decline and goes to end of life and we’re going to support them the whole way through whether they need more or less, we’re in lock step with them and we’re going to support them through this. So, given the visibility that we have today, that’s the view we see that Eric gave you.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think I can speak for both Eric and Bob Van Buskirk, we’re not seeing any indications of that. in fact, we’re really looking forward to calendar 2010 growth in many of our end markets. Bob listed several that we’re expecting to be up quarter-over-quarter and we think that’s going to continue. Clearly, when we look at the handset market we’re expecting double digit growth coupled with as you know Smartphones and the number of 3G phones continue to grow in their percent of the cellular market that significantly increases our dollar content coupled with the new product segments that we talked about in the switch and signal conditioning product line driving a lot of our growth in the Gallium Nitride in our MPG business. So we’re seeing what we believe is pretty good outlook for our markets coupled with the new product introductions and our new technologies that quite honestly 2010 calendar year is setting up to be a strong year. Dean and I have also commented, you know fiscal ’11 we know is going to be better than fiscal ’10 but I’ll allow Bob and Eric to add any color.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Structurally absolutely not, I think there’s no reason why we can’t trend that direction. We’ve laid out our plans, you look at the fall through Dean talked about and you just discussed on our gross margin coupled with the growth that we expect in the industries and clearly we can achieve that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Coupled with our cycle times if you’re insinuating maybe there could be changes in demand, I feel real comfortable we can adjust to that so we see our inventory levels at the right levels per Dean’s comments on January. And, when we looked at our end customers’ inventory levels we still think they’re one to two weeks below what’s typical or normal. We look at the whole industry not just our own inventories.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think your conclusion we would certainly concur with. With these often regulated mandated emerging markets they often go through what I call the deploy and digest phase. There’s a rapid deployment and then there’s some digestion of the product and then they restart so maybe that gets the lumpiness you’re talking about. We actually saw a little bit of that this year, as I said though we saw pretty good growth in our December quarter, we’re expecting to see that continue in the March quarter.  We’re actually on a doubling track for the last couple of years in the whole AMR/AMI smart grid and now we’re starting to also look at some ZigBee applications because of the AMI, a lot of the ZigBee applications are migrating in to the home and spreading that infrastructure out not only to the meters but to potential appliances in the home. So going back to the beginning, we expect to be doubling this year’s revenue over last year’s revenue.  We will be very disappointed if we don’t do that again next year. We also said in the beginning of the year that we thought we could get in the kind of double digits in the revenue and we’re on a kind of $8 to $10 million run rate as we exit this calendar year. So we’re still bullish on AMR/AMI and smart grid.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: If you want to think about it, it’s typical that October, November, December usually increase over time and that’s kind of what we saw a little trailing off in December near the end. I mean, that’s pretty normal depending on again when the Chinese New Year is. As Dean said, that can stay pretty strong as we go in to January and February. So, if you want to go back to the September quarter, that’s usually July is rather week, August picks up and September is usually strong.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As our quarterly results clearly demonstrate RFMD is generating an increasing percentage of our industry’s profitability as we deliver on our long term diversification and margin expansion goals. RFMD is an industry leader across multiple diversified markets and we are a primary beneficiary of multiyear global secular growth trends. We believe our December results are representative of the expanding earnings power in our operating model and we believe we are on track to deliver continued revenue and earnings growth in fiscal 2011 and beyond. We thank you for joining us and we look forward to reporting our progress as the quarter progresses. 
Robert M. Van Buskirk: In MPG I think along the lines of the prepared comments as you’ve already heard we’ve actually seen some strengthening across a broad range of our end markets and our order book reflects that. We’re off to a really good start for this quarter especially as compared to last quarter. 
Robert M. Van Buskirk: On the MPG side of things as we’ve indicated it’s been a very steady recovery in a very broad based sense. There aren’t any spikes that we’re looking for in the March quarter that would cause us any heart burn going beyond March and we haven’t seen any indications that anyone is doing anything in March ahead of June. So I would say because of it’s a broad nature for us and its steadiness we’re not losing any sleep over that particular item. We may be losing it over other things of course but right now it looks to be very steady and very broad based.
Robert M. Van Buskirk: The only thing I would add and what we’re trying to give you the flavor of is in terms of the MPG market looking backwards it looks like actually March of calendar ’09 was the trough for MPG and we had forecasted initially that it may take us in fact four quarters or so to get back to those levels and start to show some year-over-year growth. So our profitability from this point forward looks to be strengthening because we’re just now at a point where we’re actually delivering substantial growth from where we stand today and what we expect to see in March.
