Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, sure, Harsh. I'll take a very high level view on that, like, we don't really enjoy getting into customer mix. As I said in my opening comments, the China market did start to come back, but I also have to acknowledge the team did a really good job on designing in a lot of products. Our customers in China released a lot of new phones. So I think we're seeing – we went into the quarter with some pretty healthy being low inventory and that's kind of what the uptake was. So we're kind of seeing that continue this quarter. I think our largest customers already spoke for themselves, so I think you guys know how that's going. So China market's looking okay. We're taking very cautious view on it. We've seen this play out before. We're trying to keep our inventories healthy, meaning light, low.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, good question, Blayne. I think first, that factory has done a fantastic job of supporting all of our customers' ramps over the past years with BAW-based products. So we feel real good about that. So second, to your point, a few years ago, we had a very valuable lesson, that we did, a lot of lessons learned. We started something that we call our clean launch programs for our large customers and key products. And that actually was extremely successful this past year, past fiscal year 2018, as we ramped many products for many customers at extremely high volume. So with that as kind of the background, we're feeling pretty good about the work that's going on in our BAW factory and we don't anticipate any problems with ramping BAW products.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, I'll make a high level comment, Blayne. If you really look at it, it's typical that a lot of our design activities are in the beginning of our fiscal year and then tail off at the end of the year. But I'll let Eric go through what drives that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Toshiya, this is Bob. I'll go ahead and take ZTE. For the company, it's a little bit over $40 million for the year kind of number, so kind of a $10 million run rate, that will size it, the majority of that is IDP. As far as Huawei goes, I'll let James talk about it. It's a big customer, but not anywhere near as biggest, but go ahead, James.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Hey Bill, this is Bob. I want to make sure we understood the question, because I think James is going to be down $10-plus-million quarter-over-quarter. So I know you threw out $20 million, so I want to make sure we're addressing the right part, but that's roughly...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: It's more than just the infrastructure side, Bill. I mean, when we look at GaN, it's into multiple products. But I think we can tell you it's not hundreds of millions. It's not single digit millions. It's a pretty decent percentage of James' total portfolio. But it is one of the faster growing segments that James does have where we've invested in some capital to continue to support his growth there. But go ahead, James.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. The comeback in the assumption what I've said in the past will hold true today. We will not speak about any upcoming phones that not have been announced, have not been in the market. So I'm very sorry, I can't help you with that question. It's a good question, but like past times when it's been asked, I'm not going to be able to help you. When it's in the market, we'll see what happens.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sorry, Karl. I'm not sure we fully understand your question. Number one, our channel between us and most of our customers is direct. So, we ship it, they build it, et cetera. So I'm not sure what you're meaning. For those customers that we support through distributors and reps in China, we think our inventory levels between us and them are very low as I said in my opening answer to a question around this. So I'm not sure if that addresses your question or not.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And Ed to your question about the supply chain from Cree, we actually have multiple supply chains to support James' business. Cree is as you pointed out one of them. I think we have excellent relationship with them. They made it clear to us they will continue to support us. So it's our expectations we will continue to have multiple supply chains to support James' business.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think, Krysten, the way I think I'd like to answer that is we're still very confident in our BAW-based designs. I talked a lot in my opening comments as well about answering questions that we continue to expect a significant BAW ramp this year. We're supporting multiple customers and really look forward to second half of the year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sorry. I'm not sure I understand all of the questions. We've given you a lot of data out there and that's your model. I'm not sure how to even begin to answer that. We always have a lot of moving parts that are out there. I think we also mentioned in the last call we weren't participating in some high volume products that use SAW which is why we've got a fab utilization problem. So I'm not going to get into modeling every bit of Eric's business. I'm sorry. I can't help you with that one.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think it's best to really ask the contract manufacturers what's going on on their end. I think I've mentioned before a lot of our large customers are on hubs. We ship into them. They pull from that and build phones and ship them. So you'll have to ask them what they're doing with their subcontractors. I'm sorry we're not able to answer that anymore.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. We believe we are better positioned than ever to capture our markets' highest growth and most complex opportunities. We expect this to drive content gains across products and markets. We look forward to meeting with many of you during upcoming marketing trips and we hope to see you at our Institutional Investor Day in New York on May 23. Thanks again and good night.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. So, Harsh, to your first question, what you are seeing is what you mentioned. We are – and it's starkest in the June quarter, you're seeing the transition from legacy, less advanced products and more SAW related content to a portfolio that's more BAW related and other advanced technologies and as well as GaN, continued growth in IDP. So you're seeing that transition play out and it will improve our margins both because of the more favorable product mix, but also the favorable utilization effects, of course, with our largest fab. Also in the June quarter, as I mentioned in my comments, we are experiencing the costs of the underutilization in our SAW capacity. And because it's a relatively low revenue quarter for the year, those period costs impact us the greatest. And that effect, while it persists through the year, fiscal year 2019, it goes from about 200 basis points effect in the beginning of the year here down to, it can be as low as under 1% later in the year. As far as the year margin guidance, we do expect to come off of this 44% gross margin in the June quarter quickly. The September quarter will return to more normal levels, which I would say be 47%, 48%. And then in the back half of the year, as I mentioned in my comments, 50% or more, and that should give you the profile for the year.
Mark J. Murphy: And I would just add that, Blayne, as I mentioned in my comments, OpEx can be seasonal depending on various activities. But we absolutely are committed to this aggressive portfolio management and in part because we very much want to get more efficient with our OpEx and drive that down to below 20% of sales.
Mark J. Murphy: Yes, it's a good question, Chris. We've done a number of things already and we've done our best to size our footprint for what we believe we need to serve customer needs and continue to maintain a great capability that we've got. So we've already taken some actions. You will notice in the GAAP results we did impair some assets associated with SAW capacity and you'll see that as a large charge about $38 million, $39 million in the GAAP results. We will continue to make sure we right-size our asset footprint and maintain the resources – and balance that with maintaining the resources we need to maintain this capability, because it's important for our product launches, particularly as we see this Phase 6 where you're seeing combined SAW and BAW. So we think we need this capability long-term.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, we've had a great story the past year-and-a-half on free cash flow. Our CapEx as a percent of sales couple of years ago peaked at close to 20%. This past fiscal year that we just closed out we were under 10% of sales. And on a dollar basis, we expect 2019 to be at about those levels or less. That's – in addition to just improving operating cash flow, this CapEx trend has certainly bolstered free cash flow growth. We were – in the past three quarters, we've generated $600 million – over $600 million of free cash flow. In the past two quarters, individually, we've generated more free cash flow than we did in all of fiscal year 2017. So we are absolutely committed to continuing this. We do believe the capital intensity of the business is something we can continue to drive down and we're doing that in a number of ways, from better forecasting and planning our capital needs to – we've talked extensively about wafer expansion projects, four to six, six to eight, to die shrink programs which a number of those are still underway, of which BAW die shrink is an important program which you'll hear more about at Investor Day and just as aggressive portfolio management which we're undertaking, which – we talked about SAW capacity earlier. So I see some runway left in getting our CapEx as a percent of sales down over time. And of course, with revenue growth and expanding margins see the operating cash flow improving.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. For BAW-enabled revenue, Toshiya, we were under 25% in fiscal year 2018, kind of mid 22%, 23%. In fiscal year 2019, we expect about 30%. And as Bob mentioned, about half the Mobile business in fiscal year 2021 will be BAW enabled.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. Nothing unusual in inventory, Craig. I mean, we use inventory to maintain loadings in the fabs. And then in the case of SAW, we make sure our cost reduction plans are effectively executed. So nothing unusual about what you're seeing in inventory. We'll see inventory continue to build a bit in this upcoming quarter, and then, as happens, begin to tail off through the larger seasonal revenue periods.
Mark J. Murphy: And I just want to make sure to take care of some housekeeping here. On ZTE, it does affect our revenue. It is included in our guidance in the June quarter. We've also considered it for the full year, so no more ZTE effect beyond what you see in the current guide. It also impacted slightly the margin in this June guide. Also, we do adopt 606 revenue standard starting in this first quarter. For us, not a material effect, so no concerns there. We're already at sell-in versus sell-out, so for us that was not an issue. And then customer-owned inventory, we have some issues in the company, but it's very manageable and again, not material to our business.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, Ambrish, what I say before our target that I stated before was $800 million, and that very much remains $800 million. I mean, I'm going to be going for over $800 million. But I'm giving you a guide for the year. And it's difficult sometimes to predict when we're going to need CapEx spend or to Craig's earlier comment on working capital management. So there is a risk factor applied to my guide there.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, Ambrish, just to clarify, so you're right, half is costs associated with utilization, half is associated with the mix. On the mix, so 200 basis points, about 50 basis points of that is truly Mobile versus IDP mix within Qorvo. So just more Mobile business. And then about 100 basis points is mix within Mobile, so higher volume of legacy products relative to advanced or newer products. And we do expect as we've talked about before and we've reinforced in this call, we expect that to reverse and new products to drive up margins going forward. And then, the other 50 basis points is just some other smaller factors, including a little bit of IDP impacts and including the ZTE effect which we talked about earlier.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, Ed, we're still obviously trying to do everything we can to avoid additional CapEx dollars. But the CapEx dollars we are spending are majority BAW. And that's despite efforts to convert more six inch to eight inch and die shrink programs will help. But Farmers Branch is not going to be needed this year. We'd be able to get it ready to go. And certainly the yields and what's being produced there in test is very good. So we're ready and we'll turn it on when it's needed maybe as early as next year.
Mark J. Murphy: So, by second quarter, I'm assuming you mean second calendar, the June quarter. So, yes, just to remind folks, we've got two factors occurring. One is mix related issues and the other is, Atif, as you point out, these costs associated with SAW capacity underutilization. No problem with the parts other than we don't have enough SAW to sell. It's simply an accounting convention. When we experience abnormal levels of utilization, the fixed cost cannot be allocated to unit production so they need to pass through as period costs. And that's the effect you're seeing most pronounced in June, in part because through the year, its highest level is in June and then we have our lowest revenues. So on a percent basis, of course, it has the largest effect.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. I'll just say generally, Quinn, we're experiencing good design win momentum across our customer base. And of course, and then many of the things Eric talked about, Phase 6 is a good example. And so we've seen our strength in China improve even further. And then, of course, James' business, a small sequential decline in the June quarter, but still year-over-year growth, and then that growth picks back up again to double digits in the rest of the year.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, David, just a clarification. I mean, Mobile returns to year-over-year growth actually in the June quarter. So that's noteworthy, maybe we should have mentioned that earlier, so thank you for the question. As far as the content growth, we are experiencing content growth, but I'll leave it to Eric to go into any details.
Mark J. Murphy: No. I mean, I'm not going to give you percentages on our largest customer other than they're a 10% customer. We had a – as I mentioned, for the June quarter, well, we talked about the March quarter and strengthening in China, which was stronger than expected. We're seeing that continuing into the June quarter. And then furthermore, we just have the sort of transition period whereby we've got more legacy products and later generation or older products in the cycle here that are in the mix in the June quarter. We expect that to turn through the year, of course, with a number of handset launches and our product portfolio is a higher margin portfolio through the back half of the year.
Steven Eric Creviston: No, that's exactly right. The high volume fall flagship launches in particular and maybe getting to the first half of your question to really validate quality and yield and performance, we run a lot of volumes in still the prototype stage to fine tune the process and make sure that we're clean for the launch.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure. This is Eric. I'll take that. Regarding the March quarter beginning to see some strength, we did mention in the call last time that we were being very, very careful with inventory so that when the growth began to come back we would see it immediately. And I think it probably came back a little sooner than we expected. But in addition to that, with the very tight inventory controls that we have as well as our largest customers, we saw – we actually grew sequentially in the March quarter as it turned out with China and see a lot of that strength continuing on into this quarter. But, of course, we're being cautious and as always trying to make sure that we maintain that low channel inventory both of our own inventory as well as customer inventory. In terms of share in the transition, the majority of the market today is still Phase 2 and in Phase 3 components. We see throughout this year a continued transition towards the higher levels of integration and performance going up in three, five phases and we're beginning already to get production orders for our Phase 6 system. And Phase 6 does an awful lot. It's a big step up, a much higher level of integration, higher band coverage, higher output power capability, MIMO and so forth. And for us, of course, it's also an opportunity, because with all the filters integrated, we can get the lion's share of the value (32:46). So there's a big transition for us this year not only in our marquee smartphones, but also in the performance-tier in China picking up higher content with that integration.
Steven Eric Creviston: So, we've experienced revenue already in what we would call the last mile applications and we do expect to continue to have that. These are largely demo programs that are getting rolled out in the major city areas around the country. So we have revenue in those markets. I think broader proliferation will start to happen in next calendar year and then really take hold in 2020. Still a lot of speculation about below 6 gigahertz 5G and millimeter wave 5G and I think we'll place our bets in both and see how that plays out over the next couple of years.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. So in terms of the dollar content opportunity for us specific to China, if I understood the question right, as we move through these phase architectures from two through six, we see probably the largest single step between generations going from sort of the three, five to the six. But there's also a broad range of different applications in different dollar content implications. As I mentioned, we've got MIMO implemented, Power Class 2, higher power across really all the bands. We have more bands integrated. We have 40% smaller size, which obviously commands a premium in the ASP. And then we have some applications which are actually looking to bring UHB in as well. And so there's a broad range of ASPs, but significantly higher dollar content over what's shipping in the market today.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah, thank you. That's a great question. And I think that's fundamentally what's driving this significant shift in the Mobile portfolio throughout this year. We're finding that highly integrated modules that combine coverage for mid and high frequencies and allow you to very elegantly at a low loss support carrier aggregation combinations across all of that. They really help customers get to market with the leading edge handsets and that's applying widely to many customers in many segments. And really when you look at our Phase 6 solution, that's exactly what that is as well. You've got a low band module and then you got a mid and high integrated module, so solves all that complexity. So I think throughout this year, as we exit this year, you're going to see a lot of different instances of handsets from different customers and different tiers adopting similar technology.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yeah. It's a tough question to answer. Certainly, in terms of handsets, we're not counting on unit growth in the industry. It's content that's growing our TAM. Within our own business, certainly for the most part, that's also the case. We're selling fewer parts that have higher content at a pretty dramatic ratio, although there's other parts in the market like ET and antenna tuning which will be growth drivers as well, which are driven by a lot of unit growth as well.
Steven Eric Creviston: Well, as I said earlier, we model those underlying markets 10% to 15%. I expect it will do at or better than that. Still very, very bullish about the business. Mark mentioned earlier design wins. We had fantastic design win last year. We were actually up 20-some-odd-percent year-over-year. So I think business is strong, but right now we're modeling it 10% to 15%.
James L. Klein: Blayne, this is James. Some of the OpEx increase is IDP, obviously, with the growth we've experienced, we are definitely hiring in the R&D area in multiple product areas and we'll continue to do that as we go through the year. So part of that increase is ours.
James L. Klein: Yeah. For Huawei, they are one of our top five customers. And of course, we'll see how that goes. I mean, it's certainly too early for us to call anything. We'll continue to support the customers we have and look forward to seeing how it all works out. For ZTE, we do see that as a short-term issue. My belief is that either of those issues will be worked out with the U.S. government or the natural demand will shift to the other OEMs. And we're well positioned really across that whole OEM structure. So I see this as working itself out over the next couple of quarters for us and returning back to normal levels. Growth for the quarter, particularly strong in Wi-Fi, combining our best in class power amps with our BAW coexistence, band-edge filters and the integration capabilities have really allowed us to get a lot of traction in this marketplace. We're focused in the high performance slot both consumer and enterprise. And the recent product releases we have are really laying the foundation for ax allowing for high throughput and thermal efficiency that's going to be needed for that kind of traffic level. So, great tremendous activity out of our Wi-Fi group. We also grew our low-power wireless business to record revenue and that was a second growth driver. And then defense has been particularly strong really across all major submarkets, radar, EW, comms and reaching a broad set of customers. As an example, our revenues through the distribution was also very, very strong, demonstrating the broad applicability of our products. We also had strong production programs in defense. I think that added to it as well. And with the recent passing of the defense spending bill, with over 17% increase in spending, we think that gives us a very nice tailwind. So broad based really over three key markets.
James L. Klein: We're not guiding individual segments, but ZTE will definitely come out in the kind of levels Bob talked about in quarter-over-quarter. And we had a very, very good Q4 as well. And so you see a little bit of leveling between the 26% year-over-year growth in Q4, you'll see that level out a bit in Q1. As far as the full year, I think we've got continued great things going on in our underlying markets, and we talk about those six markets. We'll talk about more of those when we get into New York. And we've got great tailwinds in trends like the adoption of GaN, the move to 5G, what we see going on in the IoT space. We model those markets to still grow in that 10% to 15% range and we expect to do at or better than those underlying markets.
James L. Klein: Yeah, I mean, I – it's double digit part of the organization today. It's largely in defense broadband and in satellite communications. The base station revenue for us will become more material next year as we see macro and massive MIMO base stations, including 5G move into production ramp. We've got a great process portfolio, a great product portfolio. We're leveraging our packaging innovation and in some cases even stealing shamelessly from Mobile to really drive our packaging cost down. And we have, therefore, the cost and the scale to differentiate in the market. We've also had a couple of really great product releases in GaN this quarter, so one of those established a record level of output power. We think that's very material in some of our defense space. And then we also released first to market with the film in the other really key millimeter wave band for 5G at 28 gigahertz. So in general, I think we see GaN business continuing to grow. We modeled the market to grow at about 25% and I think we'll continue to pace that same kind of growth level with GaN.
