William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Consistent with January guidance, revenue for the March quarter was $256 million. CPG revenue was $203 million and MPG revenue was $53 million. RFMD had 2, 10% customers. Gross margin for the March quarter increased 230 basis points sequentially and 760 basis points year-over-year to 42%. Gross profit totaled $107.6 million. RFMD has an intense focus on gross margin. We're employing advanced analytics to make material reduction in our manufacturing footprint, our cost structure and our fixed asset base. We're achieving multiple points of benefit as well as more predictable margin profile. How much more benefit do we see? Back in December, I made a statement at an Investor Conference in New York, that we have an internal goal of having the highest gross margin in our industry. Today, we believe RFMD is on a path to industry-leading gross margin. Again, that is the highest gross margin in our industry. We challenged our organization to be the best, and we're very pleased with the progress they're making. We anticipate significant gross margin expansion in the June quarter, and longer term, we believe the actions we're taking will continue to drive multiple points of margin improvement. Returning to P&L, operating expenses were $74 million compared to $74.6 million last quarter. With G&A of $10.2 million, sales and marketing of $16.2 million and research and development of $47.6 million. Operating income for the March quarter was $33.6 million, representing approximately 13.1% of sales. Other income was approximately $0.5 million, and non-GAAP taxes were approximately $0.8 million. Net income for the quarter was $33.4 million or $0.12 per diluted share, based on 289.5 million shares. Moving to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents for short-term investments totaled approximately $244 million. Cash flow from operations was $31.7 million and free cash flow was $24.4 million. DSOs were 49.8 days, and RFMD's inventory balance declined by $10.6 million, resulting in terms of 5. Net PP&E was $196 million and capital expenditures during the quarter were $7.3 million, with depreciation of $11.7 million and intangible amortization of $7.5 million. As an update on our convertible debt, RFMD retired the remaining principal balance of $87.5 million of convertible notes on April 15, and today, RFMD is debt-free. Regarding our proposed merger with TriQuint, we have submitted our HSR application to the FTC, and we have filed our S-4 with the SEC. We anticipate filing with Moscom very soon. Now for the financial outlook and business commentary for the June quarter. RFMD expects quarterly revenue to increase approximately 19% sequentially to approximately $305 million. RFMD expects non-GAAP gross margin to expand sequentially by approximately 150 to 200 basis points. RFMD expects non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately flat sequentially. RFMD expects a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 15% and RFMD expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $0.17. And with that, we'll open the call up to your questions. Thank you.
William A. Priddy: Yes, we see another improvement in gross margin past the June quarter. So we're getting pretty good visibility off the hill into how the margin profile is beginning to shakeout. And it's really how well the organization has done in responding to the -- our challenge for margin improvement. And we've broken it down into buckets, like our manufacturing footprint, our flexible sourcing model, our relentless pursuit of cost-reductions, including design for cost and filing our product portfolio management. So it's really a broad-base, across the entire organization. The margin improvement initiatives are working, and I think we're going to continue to work throughout the year.
William A. Priddy: In fact for the March quarter, it was the relentless pursuit of cost reductions throughout the supply chain. To some extent, we're beginning to see the benefit of our design for cost initiatives, but they're more towards the back half of the year. Product mix may have helped a tad during the quarter, but more than anything else, it was a very, very good work that our sourcing organization's done on getting calls out of our products. For instance, in our wafer fab, our variable costs for wafer has declined 40% year-over-year. And that's because of our war on gold, our war on chemical usage, and other activities within the fab. So it's really an across the board effort from the organization. We're also seeing the full realization of sizing our manufacturing footprint appropriately and did see some improvement in gross margin because of our CMOS PAs as well.
William A. Priddy: We can support significantly higher revenue growth. We have manufacturing capacity. It takes significant amount of our manufacturing outsource silicon, and I would say it could easily top $100 million per quarter of additional growth.
William A. Priddy: Yes, and regarding the tax rate, you remember this was the end of our fiscal year. So it was a true-up for our cash taxes. So we got just a little bit of a benefit, given where we were going into the quarter. Looking at next fiscal year, I do believe the tax rate is going to increase. We'll have the cash taxes that we pay, which has been predominantly in international entities, and given the level of profitability that we expect to generate, there's also the possibility that we could be paying some cash taxes here in the United States as well. I mean, obviously, we're going to do everything we can to minimize our cash taxes, but I think that the 15% is a good going-in position for fiscal year '15. Regarding advances, you may have already seen the highest expense for the year. Especially given that the payroll taxes and all that hit the hardest in the March quarter. I think the June quarter will be relatively flat-ish, but we could actually see a small decline throughout the rest of the year.
William A. Priddy: Well, like we commented, we've -- we don't plan to stop improving margins until we have the highest margin structure in the industry. There is obviously, at some point, trade-offs between -- in our growth rate and margin structure. But, when I look at the list, I mean, we have 75 active projects that we're tracking in the company. We're in various stages of executing on those projects. Yes, we had several pretty big things. Now we've got a lot of little things that do add up though, to nice cost reductions with margin expansion. So I think we're still on a very steep curve though, regarding our margin improvement profile.
William A. Priddy: Well first off, responding to the cellular market, at least. In total, the unit growth is roughly flat for the year that we're modeling. So all of our growth would be attributed to content gains, essentially. If you said that where there is growth, adjusting higher RF content phones like LTE and TD-LTE and so forth. So it's all content gain from here.
William A. Priddy: I think the discipline and the process that we've instilled in the company. We talked about the 75 different projects that we're actively tracking. We're talking about taking some of the hard, strategic steps over the past 3 to 4 years or so, for instance, selling our MBE facility, selling our GaAs fab in the U.K., adopting a sourcing manufacturing model and just when we take into account what we expect to be average ASP erosion, and look at the cost structures that we expect to be able to achieve, through our sourcing and our own manufacturing, the result is what we believe will be the highest margin structure in the industry.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. So regarding TD-LTE, I -- really, it's just getting started now. We're beginning to ramp up in the March quarter, just to put [indiscernible] into the quarter. We'll have a full quarter shipment this quarter. I looked at the models for the year. What we're hearing from our customers and it's really about a 1/3 of the annual demand that China Mobile is targeting and others, we ship in the first half, which we tell you, we should still see a pretty good second half of growth on TD-LTE. As you probably know, recently that's changed significantly with China Mobile requiring 5-mode phones on the network, and we also see a lot of other networks uptick in TD-LTE. So I know on the call last quarter I commented a target of 50 million TD-LTE handsets for this year, and you heard in Bob's prepared remarks now, our customers are telling us to expect more than 150 million TD-LTE, and it could be, in fact much higher. And we see the growth really continuing on through next year as well, because a lot of the, not just the carriers, but the large China handset OEMs, see this as a real opportunity to take the main stage with smartphones and see tremendous financial growth coming from these adoptions with the TD-LTE into their portfolio.
Steven E. Creviston: So first off, with the 2G CMOS TA, that continues to go very well, as a percentage of our TD portfolio. It's growing significantly. Over all, as we've been saying for the past couple of quarters, 2G continues to decline in general, but in the March quarter our 2G CMOS pay was actually flat, and in fact, up slightly, so as a percentage of the overall 2G, it's going quite nicely. It's ramping into the Tier 1s now and so forth. So that's continuing to go well and that's, I think, and also a contributor to the margin expansion, as we said it would be. The second question was about the Skyworks/Panasonic joint venture. Yes, I think that makes a lot of sense. I don't think it has any negative implications on us, we do source them parts from Panasonic today, of course, and we'll continue to. We have a supply agreement there. We see, of course, our plans with our merger, we see that there is indeed to help customers with higher levels of integration being able to codevelop and coproduce the filters for at least some of the filter bands within your products, can definitely help you optimize the products and -- so we think it makes perfect sense.
Steven E. Creviston: I will attempt to take care of this and be the quarterback here. Eric, question was on the CMOS PAs, making progress at the Tier 1s, and how that's going, and then also, I think as he related into some of the higher tier phones, and what's going on with SOI and GaAs, and talk about your old portfolio, and then Dean will take the financials.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, in the March quarter, as CPG, first thing it's just CPG revenues China was in the low 20% range, between 20% and 25%.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, I think that's correct. But I think what Eric was communicating when we look at our total RF TAM, which we have to include all of that, what we analyze is the overall market is going roughly be flat, and the TAM is going to be growing, and that's roughly out of the addition of RF content. You're in the ballpark for what that category of funds will do, but we look at every tier to look at our total business, and that's why in our prepared remarks, we talk about 2G, voice moving to 3G entry and plus for us, that's a tripling in dollar content. That's pretty meaningful to us as well. So we kind of look at that whole thing. And then also the addition of WiFi, we also consider that.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, that's a good question. Actually, we see great attached tests to all the 3G platforms as well. I think, why we're talking so much about TD-LTE is that it just frankly, exploded over the past couple of months in terms of the demand and the outlook for the year. So it's layering on top of the 3G platforms as well.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, so 2G as a percentage of revenues and CPG is becoming less meaningful now, but it's down under 15% of CPG, so 85% of the business is in 3G and 4G combined, but we haven't been breaking 3G and 4G out, separately.
Steven E. Creviston: Actually, if you look at our year-over-year growth that we're projecting, it's about half from our marquee smartphones, if you will. And the other half would be attributed to the 4G transition into low tier or basically, TD-LTE in China.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, I can't really break out between each of these product categories, although well for you here, but the transition from 3G versus 2G was of that tripling of content that Bob referenced, and it's about another doubling then, from there to get to the TD LTE content. For the most part now, we're building 5-mode phones with 10 bands, there are some that are adding even more content and more bands of course, but on average, we're seeing in the $4 to $6 worth of RF content for TD-LTE. And that's the total RF content, so that includes filters, switches and the power amplifiers.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, that's correct. So today, the way the architectures are being put together, especially since this is a relatively new requirement, they're still fairly discrete. They're a multi-mode power amplifiers, where they cover some of the band, then there are satellite power amplifiers, and then, antenna switch module, and several discrete switches as well, and potentially antenna tuners, but the filters are generally not included or integrated into our products today. So to your point, we are not addressing any of filtered TAM today. Longer-term, obviously, with the merger we'll have that content and be able to operate in higher levels of integration to address that market, too.
Steven E. Creviston: Well, it's not just about bands, although that is a key driver, but it's also just about bandwidth and being able to get more data through the pipe, if you will, and so that's what drives multi-mode operation as well, like the 5-mode bands that we're talking about, the China Mobile as an example, to allow people to have a big pipe into their mobile device, but also being able to roam across geographies and so forth. And so we see continued expansion, this would go on for some time, of the available bandwidth getting into the mobile device. Some of that is band-related, some is mode related, but then you have also carrier aggregation mode. So the carriers, having the capability of pumping a device to and from a mobile device, over multiple channels, is another big trend, which will again, add RF content, and switching and even in power amplifiers as well, driven by that trend. And then the next step beyond that, we talk about antenna tuning, and then just general tuning, with impedance tuning and so forth, to really extend the battery life and lower the actual operating temperature of the device. That is really just getting started, I think. The tunability in these handsets is something that, 5 years from now, will look totally different. I think that would be a much bigger market. It's just getting started. So it's not just about band proliferation it's about solving that total system problem for the customer, and that's was really driving a solution like RF Fusion, because it is getting so complicated to put all this together, and do system architecture and have the ability to make that very compact and easy-to-use for the customers, and that trend as well, is really just beginning. So we think we're still very early stages of a long-term growth trend here for the RF industry.
Steven E. Creviston: That's a great question. And it may be surprising, but actually it's not the big bet you might expect it is. You may recall, over the past couple of years RFMD has already begun marketing complete reference design. So we been working closely with customers to really optimize the system architectures and build solutions. Now were just taking it to the next level, in terms of packaging technology, to really make it compact and in a single footprint. So a lot of the R&D that we've been spending for several years has really been in anticipation, and set us up to deal, to drive us across the goal line.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So starting off the 2G CMOS, just be clear, I said that overall, the 2G portfolio is still declining sequentially, but our 2G CMOS PA was flat sequentially. So it increased as a percentage of the portfolio. We do see it ramping throughout the year, and some of that, as you said, is potential placements into other 3G entry handsets, although so far that has not happened yet. A lot of the 3G entry handsets are adopting multi-mode, multi-band power amplifiers with 2G included. So we do expect to see continued adoption and ramp up in 2G CMOS PA even outside of the 3G entry tier. And then on Samsung generally, that was a -- in fact, a highlight of our March quarter, in fact we grew nicely within in the March quarter on their new platform ramps [ph] , we're positioned very nicely across the portfolio, all the expense providers and all product functionality, too. Discrete PAs, Multi-mode PAs, both APTN, ET, antenna switches, discreet switches, infinituners, and even power management ramping as well there. So we have a very broad and healthy relationship with them, and we're definitely expecting to grow.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Ed, this is Bob. Number one, it was not a surprise to us what transpired. Number two, as we put in place our supply agreements, we had anticipated the potential of someday that, not staying part of Panasonic, so we're not worried about any supply interruptions. And just, we commercially have done business where we bought from Skyworks in the past, Skyworks has bought from us in the past, and if we need to buy from them in the future, we would. But again, I think the most important thing is, this was by no way a surprise to us. And again, as we set up our own sourcing agreements with them, we're not worried.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: All right, Tony, I think, as we haven't heard from Norm, he'd like the jump in and respond. Thanks for asking about his business.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks for asking, Quinn. We are absolutely comfortable with that. It's still our intent to grow faster than our underlying market, and as I said on the call last quarter, greater than 10%.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes, Blayne, we're seeing growth in both business units. Last quarter, we commented MPG would grow, and they did, and we're expecting them to grow this quarter as well as CPG, and CPG is going to grow a little bit faster than MPG this quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us tonight. RFMD is executing on multiple, long-term structural initiatives that are enhancing our operating model, and delivering robust improvements in our financial performance. We are confident in delivering revenue growth ahead of our underlying markets, gross margins at the top of our industry, powerful operating leverage, robust EPS growth and strong free cash flow. Thanks again, and good night.
