Grant Brown: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the quarter was $1.1 billion. Non-GAAP gross margin was 47.6%, and non-GAAP diluted EPS was $2.39, all exceeding the high end of our August guidance. Revenue increased approximately 70% sequentially and benefited from significant content gains at our largest customer. Consistent with our guidance, factory production levels improved but remained below historical averages. During the quarter, the impact from underutilization and factory-related variances was approximately 550 basis points versus approximately 800 basis points last quarter. The increase in gross margin above the high end of our August guidance range was largely the result of revenue upside and product mix. A larger portion of September revenue was manufactured at external silicon foundries and processed at third-party OSAPs. By comparison, our December and March revenue will reflect a larger percentage of higher cost inventories manufactured internally during periods of lower utilization and a lower percentage of products manufactured at external silicon foundries and OSATs. Beyond this fiscal year, we continue to see a clear path back to 50% plus gross margin initially during specific quarters and then on a full year basis. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the quarter were $246 million, slightly higher than our guidance due to performance-based incentive compensation. We are investing in new product development and targeting multi-year growth opportunities across all three segments. In addition to growth-oriented investments, we're also investing in enterprise-wide productivity initiatives. These multi-year efforts will support future growth and enhance profitability as we upgrade, modernize, and standardize around the latest tools and best practices. In total, non-GAAP operating income in the quarter was $279 million for 25% of sales, which increased from 7.2% last quarter. Breaking out operating margin by each segment, ACG was 34%, HPA was 17%, and CSG was negative 27%, which includes the impact of the biotechnology division. During the quarter, Qorvo Biotechnologies generated $0.5 million in revenue and reduced operating income by approximately $7 million. Just following quarter-end, we successfully closed the sale of the Omnia Biotechnology business, and will continue to sell BAW filters to support the acquirer. Non-GAAP net income was $236 million, representing diluted earnings per share of $2.39. Moving on to the cash flow statement. Free cash flow was $64 million, and CapEx was $29 million. During the quarter, we repurchased $100 million worth of shares at approximately $103 per share. The rate and pace of our repurchases is based on our long-term outlook, free cash flow, low leverage, alternative uses of cash, and other factors. Turning to the balance sheet. At the quarter-end, we had approximately $2 billion of debt outstanding with no near-term maturities and $707 million of cash and equivalents. Consistent with our expectations and commentary from the prior earnings call, our net inventory balance was reduced in the period and ended the quarter at $840 million, down $78 million sequentially. Looking at days of inventory, this represents a decrease from 210 days to 138 days. Turning to our current quarter outlook, we expect revenue of approximately $1 billion plus or minus $25 million, non-GAAP gross margin between 43% and 44%, and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $1.65 at the midpoint of the revenue range. We project non-GAAP operating expenses in the December quarter will be $235 to $240 million. Below the operating income line, non-operating expense is expected to be approximately $10 million, reflecting interest paid on our fixed rate debt offset by interest income earned on our cash balances, FX gains or losses, along with other items. Our non-GAAP tax rate for fiscal ‘24 is expected to be within a range of 13% to 15%. We expect our inventory balance will decrease again in the December quarter. In terms of channel inventory, the environment continues to improve, with Android OEMs indicating inventory levels are approaching historical norms. Outside of the Android ecosystem, there are smaller pockets of channel inventory that will take longer to digest. We continue to forecast fiscal ‘24 revenue above fiscal ‘23. For the full fiscal year, fiscal ‘24 non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be 44% or slightly better, with variability primarily tracking utilization and mix. Qorvo enjoys multi-year growth drivers across all three of our operating segments. We offer a broad portfolio of technologies and capabilities, and we are uniquely positioned across leading customers and large markets. We expect continued strength on large customer programs, and we are investing to drive outsized growth in diverse businesses to broaden our market exposure and accelerate growth. At this time, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
Grant Brown: Sure, I'll take that. This is Grant. Thanks for the question. There are a large number of factors that can influence gross margins such as revenue mix and input costs including utilization impacts. So I wouldn't think of it in terms of an absolute revenue level. Some products carry a higher gross margin than others due to the nature of that business or end market. For instance, looking at our base station product line, which is generally accretive to gross margins, but with base station demand weaker, coupled with the excess channel inventories we've been talking about there, this is currently a headwind to margin versus historical levels. Product mix can also impact gross margin based on where it's manufactured. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, for instance, last quarter we shipped a higher portion of products that were manufactured at external silicon foundries and processed at third-party OSATs, and those products are not impacted by our internal factory utilization, which as we've mentioned, is running below historical averages. Aside from product mix, unit cost is the other half of the equation. It's a bit more complex given that input costs can affect gross margin on a lagging or leading basis. For example, historical underutilization will create higher unit costs in that inventory and as it's sold in future period, that impact lags. Alternatively, in anticipation of lower future demand, production volumes can be cut and utilization will fall. And in that sense, the impact tends to lead those anticipated changes in demand. So there's a number of factors that impact gross margin. I, again, wouldn't think of it in terms of an absolute revenue level, but rather a time of us to move through our high-cost inventory, return utilization levels back to normal, run the factories efficiently, and we'll be on a path back to 50% plus.
Grant Brown: Sure. I said that I think it will achieve 50% on a specific quarter before it achieves 50% across the whole year. And that's somewhat macro dependent and obviously the volumes will dictate at what levels we return to a utilization where that's possible.
Grant Brown: Sure. No, I think you covered it, Bob. I'd say, maybe 10%, but certainly not 15%, right? We're committed to the comments, any macro-related disruptions aside, that we see growth in fiscal ‘24.
Grant Brown: We won't comment on any customers within the quarter, but we'll sum it up on the 10-K. The only thing I'd say about 10% plus customers is that we did have more than one in the quarter.
Grant Brown: Sure, Toshiya, this is Grant. Let me take that one. We don't explicitly guide by segment, but the views for each of those businesses is factored into our total guidance. I'll try to provide you a little bit of color there and then Dave can jump in and add. We have a pretty diverse collection of businesses that serve a number of end markets, and they're not all in phase. As Bob pointed out last quarter in fiscal Q2, ACG returns to the year-over-year growth that we expected, and we'll continue to see that for the rest of the year. And then this quarter, our fiscal Q3, we forecast our CSG segment will return to year-over-year growth. And then finally, in Q4, we expect HPA to return to year-over-year growth. So the businesses are a bit out of phase, if you want to think of them that way. Just continuing with HPA as an example, directly to your question, if you look inside of HPA, there's various trends within each end market. It probably won't surprise you, but the base station market being weak, is an example. Our revenue is down over 50% year-over-year for the last four quarters. A few years ago, actually, we hit $200 million in that business before the Huawei ban and the 5G base station rollout slowed. But outside of China, only 25% of that mid-band 5G infrastructure has been built, so there's a lot of opportunity. But that's one area where we continue to see some meaningful headwind and market weakness. Beyond that though, there's also the broadband area within HPA. We have a very strong position there, high level of share, but the DOCSIS 4.0 upgrade cycle may be a bit slower and there could be some pockets of inventory in the very end products there. So the situation within infrastructure is very different than, say, our defense and aerospace group where we're benefiting from significant strength and expect to grow in fiscal Q3 and fiscal Q4. So, there's a lot of cross currents there when you get into the details, but this is why we maintain a diverse set of businesses. And a lot of them share the same manufacturing footprint, which creates the operating efficiencies, but also scale and the diversification on the top line.
Grant Brown: Yeah, I think you mentioned automotive as well. And we're growing from a pretty small base there. So Bob talked about a lot of the design wins. We're pretty excited about the growth opportunity there. So that's all new programs. It'll be ramping over the next couple of years to help drive that growth for us. But it's coming off of a relatively small base. So we're not as exposed there to really maybe see some of the things you're seeing from some of our peers.
Grant Brown: Yeah, sure, and we usually have commented on our target around four turns. So high threes to four would be a pretty typical range for us to look to achieve.
Grant Brown: Yeah. Sure, Ed. I can help you with the percent of revenue, but we haven't commented on the China revenue in the quarter. ACG was 77%. HPA was 14% and CSG was the balance of about 9%. And yeah, we haven't commented on what a normalized level of Android revenue or China revenue would be outside of the comments we've already made, but I don't know if there's...
Grant Brown: Yeah. And maybe, Ed, I would also make the distinction between channel inventory and our own inventories. So channel inventories, we think, are relatively healthy, maybe even earlier than we had commented on in the past where we thought it would take until December. So that's an improving situation. Our own inventories as we're selling through them requires us to achieve the mix shift that we're going to see in the second half. So we'll start selling through our own high-cost inventories in Q3 and Q4 largely and we do expect growth in Q3.
Grant Brown: Yeah. Maybe I'll restate what Bob had commented on earlier. Just in terms of next quarter, we do see growth in Android. But March, we do expect to see the typical decline there, which is on the other side of our largest customer's ramp and March is also historically a seasonally low point for handset sales in China. So those two factors are somewhat offset by the largest Android customer and their timing of phone launches, plus the fact that the channel is healthier. So with all that said, we do think it will be better than typically seasonal. But again, it's anyone's guess as to what seasonality means.
Grant Brown: Maybe, Vivek, I'll just pick up from there. In terms of our prior discussion around the December quarter, the flat comment was relative to $1 billion Q2, and we've just exceeded that by $100 million. So to Bob's point on timing, plus or minus a couple of weeks that our largest customer can make a very big difference. But those two quarters combined are still ahead of where we were communicating previously. So on the net, a positive trend in the top line.
Grant Brown: Sure. And, now some of this depends on the inventory, as you pointed out, that we're carrying the high unit cost inventory that we sell through and the mix of that in the March quarter. Some of this also relates to the utilization within the March period as we start to look forward to the demand that we see in the coming year. So it's a difficult or complex question to answer prospectively. But nonetheless, in terms of the gross margin for the March quarter, as I mentioned, our full year guide of 44% and now saying a bit better than that could imply that we have upside to the March to what you've just described. And then in terms of our fiscal '25, it's going to be a gradual continuation from there upwards, I would expect, because the June quarter is still seasonally weaker for us as we head into the larger ramp in September from a seasonal perspective. So hopefully, that gives you at least some idea of how we're going to track into fiscal '25. Maybe going back to some of my prepared remarks, I did say that I believe we could achieve 50% gross margin at first on a quarterly basis and then subsequently on an annual basis across an entire year when we get through the inventory as well as return utilization levels to more normalized levels.
Grant Brown: Sure. So obviously, we'd expect cash flow to improve materially given the improvement in the P&L. It's a bit of a lagging indicator as we collect receivables. So we should see that. I wouldn't expect anything different in terms of our guidance on CapEx at around 5% of sales or less. Again, that can fluctuate, of course, but I wouldn't expect too much difference there from a free cash flow perspective.
Grant Brown: Yeah. Thanks, Blayne. This is Grant. No, we didn't give out the percentages. We'll do that annually, but I just did mention that we had two. In terms of the quarter, the upside in revenue was largely driven by ACG and it was predominantly our largest customer, but not entirely so.
Grant Brown: Yeah, sure. So maybe if we just look at bridging Q1 to Q2, so there is 470 basis points of improvement there sequentially. Of that, maybe 2.5% was moving from the 800 basis points of underutilization to 550 basis points. So there's 2.5% and that was largely anticipated in the guidance of 45% to 46% for Q2. And then that leaves a little over 200 basis points left. Now that included some quality and other items, but it was primarily the product mix that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, where we are producing that product on silicon foundries outside of Qorvo’s factory network and then processing them at OSATs that are third parties. So, that doesn't carry the same burden as the higher cost inventory we'll be selling in the second half.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sure, Gary. I'll talk to -- at least the high level, just make sure we're clear on what we typically see in the fourth quarter, which as we've said all along, typical anymore isn't typical because it seems every time we're faced with something different from losing our second largest customer to COVID hits to various economic factors. What my comments were around is, given the current economic outlook, we're not expecting our markets to rebound. And as we work through all this general inventory that we talked about, we're going to hit the, what we think is the end market demand. Now, end market demand typically, and what we're forecasting now is -- what we see is our largest customer's rent continues to come down in March. We have a seasonal, usually the weakest quarter for our China Android business in March, and some of that is offset by a ramp at the largest Android customer that we have. So, as far as percentages go, I'm not going to call percentages, I'm just telling you that from our view, that's the dynamics that are driving most of our business. We -- Grant commented that our ACG business is growing year-over-year. Our CSG business will start growing this quarter and will be up in March. And really the lagging business for us is our HPA business and we've talked about what's going on there with primarily what used to be our largest business in the infrastructure side and we're not seeing that now. So when you integrate all that, we're still comfortable we're going to be up significantly in March year-over-year, and we're comfortable we're going to be up for the fiscal year ‘24 over ‘23. I don't know, Grant, if you want to add anything to that, while I’ve given all the moving pieces.
Bob Bruggeworth: I'll take the first part of that, Karl, and I'll let Dave take the second part since he was just recently in China. Actually, a large part of our growth for 5G Android is still at the largest Android manufacturer being Samsung. The second point I would like to make is, you're right, we do have China exposure in 5G, but most of that is actually in the export market for what they're trying to do to build their brands outside of China. So just keep those two facts in mind. Dave was just in China just a couple weeks ago, and I'll let him talk a little bit more about that and what [at least] (ph) we're seeing, talking to all of our customers there, along with your comment about Huawei.
Bob Bruggeworth: What I'll add to that is in the cellular IoT market, actually we saw this turn about two quarters ago down. So with CSG coming back, as Grant pointed out, growing next quarter, that's -- we're not expecting the IoT -- cellular IoT business to come back. That's been down for us and we've been working through inventory in that segment as well. So I think that's been some commentary as well.
Bob Bruggeworth: Sure. Thanks, Ruben. Extremely excited about what the team's accomplished and some big wins in ultra-wideband. One of the Android phone manufacturers, Google, we've been in for a couple generations now. So we've talked about that and that's -- you can get teardowns, I think from our comments who the next one is. What surprised us about ultra-wideband is, again, I think we said this a year ago or more than when we first acquired Decawave, that we were on the original platforms in our largest customers phones with the RF front-end for ultra-wideband. And what we believed was going to happen is it was going to take off in phones first and automotive second. What's actually happening is we're picking up a lot more in the automotive side and handset seems to be trailing it, at least in the adoption. Now, as you know, it takes a little bit longer to get to market in a car, so they're out winning platforms now and building those in. So our expectation is we're going to lead in design wins in automotive, but phones are going to come up fast. And Dave mentioned earlier in his comments that we're working with many of the other Chinese handset OEMs to introduce ultra-wideband. The thing I want to point out is in the Tier 1 German manufacturer that we won in, the current win is now to support a German Tier 1, but they will take that same platform to other US and other manufacturers around the world, that platform, plus we've been working with others on platforms that will also go into the automotive areas. So we see a lot of opportunity there. And placements in automotive can go from five or six up to nine or 10. So they can be big wins depending on how they adopt to use the ultra-wideband in a car. And it's more than just, ‘keyless entry.’ And I think that's what's really exciting about the opportunities there. So if I look at that and I look at handset, also a couple quarters ago we talked about ultra-wideband and access points -- Wi-Fi access points for indoor navigation, which is another exciting opportunity. And we're just seeing it now going into other types of products, we're working with various manufacturers, OEMs, for other things in your home that need that kind of technology. So we're very excited about the things that are going on there. Really appreciate your question.
Bob Bruggeworth: All we'd add is we are still under-shipping to end demand best we can tell. But we're coming up near the end of it.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. We've been -- and maybe this will help -- as we bring it down, that means revenues do go up. I mean, it's not -- we haven't been shipping. So we've been up the last two quarters.
Bob Bruggeworth: Because what I meant was from a demand perspective, in March, that's typically a seasonally low point for China. That's what I said.
Bob Bruggeworth: What I also said is we've come -- we pretty much cleared out most of the inventory. So we are seeing growth, which is what I just said to Ed this quarter in our Android business in China.
Bob Bruggeworth: Yeah. I can speak to the high-end phones. And I'll start with our largest customer because it's been questioned before. But our growth this year and our largest customer really speaks to the strong position we have there, and we are one of their trusted suppliers as well as the investments we've been making to deliver them these great technologies and products. This year, we grew mostly from new content and gained some share in sockets that we held for many years. So we feel good about that. Now remember, they are a performance-driven customer. We're winning where we're bringing strong capabilities and have consistently done well. Now if you look at the available TAM there, we remain underrepresented. So clearly, that's a target of growth for us, and we'll continue to invest to be able to win there. Now that's also regardless of the baseband they decide to use. We enjoy multiple opportunities to grow our content not only in the areas where we've been strong in the past, but also in areas that will be new sockets for Qorvo. Again, that's about our largest customer. In my prepared remarks, I talked about the leading Android smartphone manufacturer and our ability to continue to gain share there. and we talked about ultra-wideband along with all those types of components. Dave also spoke about in China and bring out our new technologies where we've integrated the mid-high band plus the diversity received into that module. That's going to be the ability to grow there as well. Dave also talked about ultra-wideband in some of those handsets, some of our sensors, power management. So I think as we look across the portfolio, we feel pretty good at our ability to continue to grow our dollar content in handsets whether it's a flagship premium tier or the mass market.
Bob Bruggeworth: Thanks, Vivek. And I know I've said this before, but I'll remind you and the audience, we ship a majority of our parts that are not on the motherboard. So the timing of when we see the ramp is different than maybe you're talking about a baseband customer, I don't know. They're on the motherboard. A lot of what we have goes to the flex circuits. So they build those ahead of the motherboard. So our timing can be different. So I just want to make sure that. That's also, if it's the baseband customer, if you remember, they had an inventory build that they blamed at that customer. We didn't see that build. So therefore, we naturally follow the progression of the builds. They may have had a pause. And as you point out, the inventory will go down, then they would see a quick ramp up. So I can't comment on their business, but I can tell you the timing, we typically lead the ramp because of how much product we have on flex circuits, which is different than most of the products that are on the motherboard.
Bob Bruggeworth: We want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. We appreciate your interest in Qorvo and we look forward to speaking with you at upcoming investor events. Thanks and have a great night.
Dave Fullwood: Yeah, thanks, Bob. And so, maybe I'll start with Huawei and kind of size what we're seeing for you. And prior to the ramp of the new phone that they just announced, they were doing about 2 million units a month. And so we've seen a typical premium tier phone ramp where that peaked up. Last couple of weeks of data, we're actually seeing that come back down. So they may be on the other side of that ramp. But if you look at the incremental growth that we see over what they were shipping previously, it's -- on an annual basis, it's about 10 million to 20 million units. So that's a pretty good growth for that customer, but it's not that meaningful when you look at a total market size of about 1.2 billion smartphones per year. Now, when it comes to our China customers, as Bob said, a large part of their business and a lot of their growth is coming from overseas business and so we're very well represented across our China OEM customers and certainly in that overseas business, that's where we see a lot of the higher share and growth opportunities. So it's not just a China domestic situation that you have to look at. You have to look at that overseas business. And many of those customers have pretty significant market share in a lot of those overseas markets.
Dave Fullwood: Yeah, sure, Bob. Let's see, where to start. The China customer base in the export market as well as in the domestic market, they've got some pretty compelling products. As Bob said, I was just over there a few weeks ago, I got to meet with all of our customers. Our relationships continue to be very strong. They place a very high value on what we bring. And they all reinforce that Qorvo is their main global strategic supplier for RF. So we have deep discussions with them on roadmaps to align their needs to our product plans. And they're very highly engaged on our new low, mid, high S-PAD platform that we announced a couple quarters ago. Additionally, they're looking at expanding their business with us in other areas such as power management, sensors, and the L2 wideband. So the overall market, as Bob mentioned, the channel inventories are approaching normal, many of those customers are getting to pretty healthy levels. So as we've been saying all along, what was a headwind is now becoming a tailwind. So we're starting to see that growth. We had our largest bookings quarter in over two years. So our customers have now gotten past the concern about inventory and they're looking forward now and starting to place orders more aligned to what their true production plans and unit demand is. So that's certainly improved a lot. Now having said that, as Bob mentioned also, we're not anticipating any major rebound in the end market. We're just excited about the design wins that we've had and the inventory in the channel being cleared out and that's driving a lot of our growth as we go forward.
Dave Fullwood: Yeah. I think from a capability standpoint, I mean, we don't see anything out of the norm. I mean there's certainly some key technology areas that they're definitely behind in. And so -- and I think if you look across the phone, even outside of the RF, there's probably a lot of areas that the technologies behind and maybe even up to years behind. So I think from a competitive environment, we don't see any big change just because of that Huawei phone ramp.
Edward Snyder: Thanks a lot. First, a housekeeping. Can you give us a percentage of revenue for each of the three businesses? Sorry, if I missed that. And then, Grant, if I take a look at your China revenue over the years, actually, it looks like if you exclude the arrow when you were over shipping and the arrow when you're under shipping, your average is probably close to $250 million to $300 million a quarter. And I know you did about $150 million last quarter. We haven't seen the [cadence] (ph) for September yet, but doesn't it suggest you're dealing with maybe $100 million, $150 million of inventory burn per quarter? I'm just trying to bracket those numbers.
Edward Snyder: Right. But when it snaps back to something more normal, you said inventories are normalizing, and I know demand changes year-over-year, but given your kind of incumbent position as a preferred vendor for most of those phones being sold...
Edward Snyder: When you said you saw the largest bookings in two years in the last quarter and normally those bookings are for what, a year out or so, I know it varies, but...
