Grant Brown: Sure. Thanks for the question, Karl. This is Grant. We currently do not believe the export ban will have a meaningful near-term impact. It took effect yesterday, as you know, but it was communicated well in advance and I credit our ops and sales team for acting quickly to access the supply needs and communicate with customers and suppliers, and ultimately for increasing our raw material coverage with our direct suppliers wherever needed but we have not observed any notable changes in our customers' behavior or supplier lead times. We remain in close contact with our suppliers and they have assured us of their ability to support our demands down to individual purchase orders on committed delivery dates. In terms of pricing, we had again, haven't seen anything abnormal there as of today.
Grant Brown: Sure, Ruben. Revenue by segment was $412 million for ACG, $140 million for HPA and $99 million for CSG. In ACG, our fiscal Q1 is the lowest seasonal point for those largest customers. But despite that, the top line for ACG was approximately flat or down about a percent or so. Both HPA and CSG saw sequential growth in the quarter, up 5% and 21% sequentially. As I commented in the prepared remarks, operating income was 11% just for ACG, 17% for HPA, and then negative 20% for CSG, which was a notable sequential improvement for CSG. We don't guide by segment, but looking out into September, the primary driver is the content gains at our largest customer within ACG. Revenue is not supported by existing inventory. It's built and shift in line with the seasonal ramp, so it's not burdened with those higher costs of some of the Android inventory, for example. So that benefits gross margin and has been factored into our, into our guidance.
Grant Brown: Sure, thanks, Gary. Good. It's a good question. I think it's fair to say that the quarter played out better than we had forecast when we provided our May guidance. If you, if you look into that revenue, it was strength in the areas that we had, that we had talked about. So at our largest customer and then within having cleared some of the channel inventory, we're still benefiting to a modest degree there, but generally speaking, the quarter played out better. In terms of the drivers on maybe the EPS beat to go a little further than just revenue that was primarily gross margin improvement which was partially driven by the revenue upside, but was also a factor there of lower factory variances, including utilization, better utilization and continuing cost reduction efforts. Those were partially offset by some inventory-related charges and typical price erosion along with inflation. But generally speaking, the quarter was better than -- than we had forecasted in May.
Grant Brown: Sure, we still have visibility to 50%. As I pointed out on the call, we have about 800 basis point headwind from utilization in the prior quarter and looking forward, we still have those same issues from a utilization perspective, as you pointed out on inventory. I think as we clear the channel inventory across the Android and utilization returns to a level in which we're shipping to end market demand, we should have a clear path back towards the 50% gross margins we've enjoyed in the past. Those are really two-fold, there's the inventory we have on hand, which is already burdened with the cost of that underutilization in the past. And then there is the forward-looking utilization within the current quarter as we meet future demand or build product for future demand. Both of those can weigh on the quarter and are in that 800 basis points that I quoted. The underutilization of current period can, if it's extreme, it can hit as period charges and we've experienced some of those as well. So it's really, as we re-synchronize our factories to end market demand, we should have a clear path back.
Grant Brown: Sure. We haven't commented beyond fiscal '24. So I won't do that here. But in our guidance, with a sequential drop in Q3, you start to see some improvement there. And then in Q4, again, you start to see even more improvement as we sell through some of the channel inventory. Now gross margin will be sequentially down in the sense that we're selling through some of that inventory, but we do expect to resynchronize utilization towards the end of our fiscal year and into fiscal '25. But we haven't commented specifically beyond that.
Grant Brown: Thanks, Vivek. This is Grant. Let me take that one. Beyond the specific September quarter guidance that we just provided, there is no change to the fiscal '24 commentary that we provided last quarter. So as Bob pointed out, our expectations for sell-through and in the channel remain the same. Absent any macro-related disruptions, which we're not predicting, we do forecast to continue to think fiscal '24 revenue will be above fiscal '23 as you mentioned, and we're benefiting from some strong dollar content growth at our largest customer and then later in the year, we will benefit from the actions we've taken in connection with our customers to clear that channel inventory. To be clear, we are calling for very modest growth on the year, which is consistent. But in fact, our forecast does not anticipate a significant rebound in the Android units. The Qorvo specific situation as we process through the channel inventory and then return to shipping to end market demand. Beyond revenue just for the year, there's also no change to our fiscal '24 non-GAAP gross margin, still expected to be approximately 24% plus or minus with some variability on a quarterly basis tracking utilization and mix, which I've already talked about. This is important to understand. Mix will shift seasonally over fiscal Q3 and even more so in fiscal Q4 towards higher-cost inventories and utilization is also important, as I pointed out, because it supports that incremental forward-looking demand but also because severe underutilization can lead to the period costs as I mentioned earlier. We've been very transparent there and continue to expect those sequential declines in gross margin and that's factored into our 44% guide. I covered OpEx a bit in my prepared remarks but it's important to note that we are investing for the future. We're investing in large customer programs where we have the technologies to win. We're investing in diversifying businesses like silicon carbide, UWB, Matter, SoCs and power management. And finally, we're investing in ourselves by upgrading our core systems and numerous productivity initiatives. So on the whole, there is no change to our fiscal '24 guidance and our view of the market remains the same.
Grant Brown: Sure. I might think about it two different ways. I wouldn't characterize Q1 of fiscal '25 as baseline revenue, but I think it's appropriate to build off of what you are modeling in Q4 of fiscal '24, but we haven't provided explicit -- explicit guidance to that.
Grant Brown: The iPhone refurbished market has been around for quite a long time. So at least when we model that coupled with everything else that we do in our normal research for phone usage, different segments, all those things that we feed into our model, we've taken all that into account for all the comments that we've made this evening, last quarter, the quarter before that and the quarter before that. So it's all in our calculus already.
Grant Brown: Sure. This is Grant. Let me take -- Maybe the two-part question and then I'll ask Dave to step in if I miss anything. The question about the growth drivers. If you look at or think about the phases of growth that we're looking at right now, you could -- as we've commented on return to shipping and to end market demand is relatively near-term. Beyond that, we continue to work with our customers and believe that we'll benefit as the volume levels return. So beyond just shipping to end market demand, we should see some growth and return to normalcy over the coming years. And then maybe beyond that, even into the longer term, we should see the benefits from the investments we're making, that would be sort of beyond 5G, and you're looking into the migration to DOCSIS 4.0 within HPA, the one-to-many phenomenon bought commented on in defense and aerospace will continue within CSG, there's the move to WiFi 7 and among many other things that we're investing in and expect to see growth there. In the near term, inventory to that piece of the question, we are seeing pockets, which we've talked about before in base station and partially in WiFi in some consumer areas, which will take longer for us to work through versus Android. And Dave, I don't know if you have anything further.
Grant Brown: Sure, thanks, Chris. And I'm glad you asked the question actually on December. So when we made the comments to a flattish December, it was on our -- previously anchored to our last quarter guidance. So I would expect that right now, given that we're not anticipating significant growth in fiscal '24 that I'd pouch that with the comments we made last quarter, it could end up being slightly down to flattish. And then, of course, some seasonal decline in March. Potentially less than normal as we clear the channel. So, that question hadn't been asked. I'm glad you went there. In terms of EPS, I have given majority of the P&L but haven't commented specifically on -- on annual EPS relative to fiscal '23.
Grant Brown: Yeah, you got that right. It's for power supply in the servers, and of course, AI and any kind of applications like that is going to drive demand there. So that's good for us, but yes, that's a strong market for us as we grow our silicon carbide business.
Grant Brown: Thanks, Ed. I think you are consistent with what we've been saying, we're going to have significant content gains at our largest customer. And as I've said in other public forums, that's primarily in products that we already participated in, where we've been able to grow our share as well as they are adding content.
Robert Bruggeworth: Thanks, Karl. This is Bob. Appreciate the question. As you well know, the nice thing about automotive is when you win, you get great visibility for multiple years, unlike the smartphone industry where today we get a little bit of visibility, but you have to then earn it the following models, where in automotive, as you pointed out, you go out several years. We've got great visibility at this time, we're not sizing it, but I think based on the volume of opportunities that we shared in my prepared remarks plus in the press release, it is our expectations as you pointed out, as we move out into calendar year '25 and '26, it will become a much more meaningful part of our business. But as you pointed out, we're already participating in some of the automotive applications today. I will comment the electric vehicle manufacturers do seem to move a little bit more, a little bit faster than the traditional gas engine manufacturers, but we do look forward to continue to report our progress.
Robert Bruggeworth: Thanks, Srini, for your question. And we are getting pretty comfortable with the progress we're making, and as both Grant and I have commented, the team has done a great job of managing the inventory down, working with our customers, working with some of our distributors to do that, and our expectations are that we should be able to, by the end of the calendar year, things will normalize. And then, obviously, as that happens, we're not expecting end demand to change at all from where we are. In fact, as we sit here today reporting the most recent quarter, and we were a quarter ago, our numbers for units of Android phones, smartphones has not changed. So we think things are stabilizing some. Yes, the market's been down here a little bit up there, but overall. So as we look out into '24, calendar '24, fiscal '25 for us, we're not ready to make any calls on what's going to happen with the macro economy and things like that. But clearly, as we've come down to normalized inventories, that headwind turns into a tailwind. So we'll watch how that plays out.
Robert Bruggeworth: Matt, thanks for the question. I don't believe there's any company in the USthat has a license to ship to Huawei for 5G phone. They become a very small customer of ours, so there's no real impact from that perspective. And as you pointed out, we'll see if they are successful or not, won't impact our business at this time.
Robert Bruggeworth: Yeah, thanks, Ed. Again, what I've said publicly is, which I know it's hard for many of you to find, in the antenna tuner space, almost some of the other small components that are in there that, quite honestly, a lot of you missed, they are not on the motherboard, they are on various other flex circuits and things like that. Gaining there and in the ultra-high band we've talked. It's PA and BAW filter, we've been in for about three years. So that's the area. So it's really in those two areas primarily.
Robert Bruggeworth: Your numbers, not my number. I'm not going to comment on the units, number of units per phone. I will say you're in the right area. And I'd also point out, we publicly said the last couple of quarterly calls as well that we still believe there's lots of opportunity for us to grow with that customer. We look forward in the coming years.
Robert Bruggeworth: Well, thank you, everyone for joining us on today's call. We appreciate your time and look forward to speaking with you at upcoming investor events. Thank you and hope you have a good night.
