Mark J. Murphy: Thanks, Bob. Qorvo's non-GAAP revenue increased 15% sequentially for the June quarter to $698 million. Mobile Products revenue increased 18% sequentially to $547 million, and Infrastructure and Defense Products increased 6% sequentially to $151 million. Qorvo had three 10% customers, the largest at approximately 29% of revenue representing the aggregated demand of multiple subcontractors for this end customer. Our other 10% customers during the quarter were Huawei and Samsung. Gross margin was 48.2%, impacted by low-band PAD business, exceeding expectations with higher than expected costs. Upon transition to more integrated modules with Qorvo-produced filters and completion of our fab conversions, we expect gross margin to expand. Operating expenses increased to $169 million, on higher R&D expenses to support ongoing development programs in premium filters, higher variable compensation expense, and the addition of our GreenPeak acquisition. In the September quarter, we expect to achieve our OpEx goal of approximately 20% of sales, and we expect to sustain that performance through the December quarter. Operating income for the June quarter was $168 million or 24% of revenue. Net income was $143 million and earnings per share was $1.08. Turning to the balance sheet, total cash and short term investments was $447 million. Cash flow from operations was $59 million, reflecting the working capital build associated with higher first quarter sales and our September quarter outlook. Capital expenditures increased to $130 million, primarily to address growing premium filter demand. During the June quarter, we completed our $500 million ASR, retiring an additional 400,000 shares. $250 million remains available under the $1 billion program authorized last November. We continue to make progress on opportunities to improve our growth and profitability. In the quarter, we acquired GreenPeak, a producer of low-power RF devices, expanded our capabilities to serve IoT markets. Our BAW products are closing in on state-of-the-art performance and we're on a measured pace to add capacity needed to meet expected customer demand for premium filters. As Bob mentioned, a large number of productivity projects are underway including conversion to 8-inch BAW wafers in our Texas fab and 6-inch SAW on our Florida fab. Conversion of our North Carolina fab, to TC-SAW and SAW, consolidation of our gas capacity in Oregon, migration of GaN from North Carolina to Texas, an additional Mobile Products assembling and test capacity in China. We expect these new product capabilities, capacity additions, and productivity initiatives to help us sustain above market growth and drive margin expansion. Now, let's turn to our business outlook. Qorvo currently believes customer demand supports the following non-GAAP expectations for the September quarter. Quarterly revenue between $820 million and $850 million, gross margin of approximately 47%, diluted EPS between $1.35 and $1.45, a tax rate of approximately 10%. Our September quarter guidance reflects strong broad-based demand, we expect gross margins to remain near the second quarter level through the year on low-band product mix and while our fab conversions are underway. We expect OpEx to trend down through the back half of the year. We project CapEx to remain elevated as we align capacity additions with stronger customer demand for premium filters and our integrated modules. With that, we'll open up the call to your questions.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, I think Cody, look, right now, we'll give more specifics at the November Investor Day, but we see a path to above 50% gross margin with both the trends in the business, specifically a move to more BAW mix in the future and then also all the initiatives underway which you heard about. We're in the early innings in the number of those initiatives. So within the next several quarters, those will be completed and we expect, as you know wafer conversions 4-inch to 6-inch and 6-inch to 8-inch provides a significant benefit on throughput and then we'll be over some of the yield issues that we're having.
Mark J. Murphy: Yes. What you'll see Mike, you'll see OpEx in the second quarter on a dollar basis about in line with what you saw in the first quarter. But on a percent basis, will be down towards our long-term target, which is 20% of sales. And then you'll see OpEx on a dollar basis begin to drop off through the second half as some spending we know falls off and productivity programs continue.
Mark J. Murphy: And I'll just add that we're going to pace that investment as we get clarity on customer demand. We feel very good about the customer demand and the quality of our product. So we're comfortable making early commitments, but the actual construction spend pace will be determined by our clarity on wins.
Mark J. Murphy: Yes, it's a good question. I guess I'll start with buyback. We've repurchased $1.3 billion of shares in the last five quarters, and we have $250 million remaining on our $1 billion authorization. I'll add that we currently expect to continue buying our shares under that authorization. We're interested obviously in a thoughtful capital allocation framework. That will consider organic growth opportunities, including CapEx needs which we just talked about on BAW. Those are very high-return projects, relatively low risk from a project execution standpoint. So those would be early priority on spend. We're always looking at acquisition opportunities that would fit well with Qorvo, but I'll add that we're not capacity constrained from a balance sheet standpoint to doing those, but there's a very high bar on return requirements for allocation of capital to those opportunities. And then we plan to be regular steady buyers of our shares as part of this thoughtful capital allocation framework and that's what we've done.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. And Chris, I'll add that, our turns did increase about 10% and then our inventory levels did go up about $30 million, but that was, as you can see now, to prepare for the September and follow-on quarter.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. We're going to be about, if I recall, about 15% of sales for the year, if we maintain our pace of spend. Just to be clear, I mentioned that if we don't have the clarity, we'll certainly slow down the spend. So, I'd say I don't expect it to be any worse than about 15%.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah, what I said Harsh was that it'll be about flat on a dollar basis in the second quarter, the September quarter and will drop as a percent of sales basis to about 20%. In the subsequent quarters, we expect it to drop on a dollar basis.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, that's correct. Most of the growth we are seeing is in Mobile. There will be some growth in IDP, but I think, most of the growth is coming from Mobile.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. Harsh, thanks for the question. I just want to clarify, we've got a lot of initiatives and we are working on them. We have a one product if you will problem today. That we've got to reverse and we'll continue to work hard to drive that and it all comes down to how much of that product we sell can influence the gross margin percentage as you can well imagine. So, it's got a lot of content that is not internally in our fabs, we don't see the benefits of it from a contribution margin, so that does play into it. When we have our Analyst Day, we'll outline and quantify a lot of those activities to help you model next year where we can get to on the gross margin.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sure. Sure, Vivek. So, let me start with, IDP is doing very well. Their margins held in there, no problem there. The majority of Eric's business did very well. You're right, we have one product. I will be candid with you, it's also not yielding fantastic, but for the most part, you're correct, it is a product related, not an industry structure issue. I would agree with your assessment, Vivek.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. Number one, GreenPeak's in that $6 million, $7 million a quarter, so that's not driving all the growth. Like we said, most of the growth is coming out of Eric's business. I don't think we're seeing the pull forward. We've talked a lot about that. We still have a lot of demand that we're running hard to keep up with given the guide we even gave. As far as December goes, let me put it another way, Vivek, I think the growth that we're seeing this quarter as well as into December will be how well marquee phones sell. I think our own view is China, we're tempering our outlook for the second half of the calendar year. So, as we look into December, depends on to your question, how much of the demand is pulled in that we might be able to capture because we're all out right now. We ran very hard in the June quarter. We're running pretty hard still staying through this quarter. So as we look at things today, we're not seeing a pull forward and as we look at our customer forecast and our own expectations for in particular China market, we could see December up.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. Mike, on the multiplexers, the quadplexers in particular for China, I'd be embarrassed to actually quote the gross margins, and we expect those to be significantly above the corporate average. And Wi-Fi is in family with the corporate average. We do fairly well there in general. And then obviously ones where we build the RF Flex for the Wi-Fi, that does have a better than company average margin.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, Toshiya, we expected better costs as well as our yields didn't hit where we expected to be at this point in time.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sure. Thanks, Toshiya. What I said was we were not at optimal levels today and we've added capacity and we're continuing to add capacity as we expand from 6-inch to 8-inch and adding 8-inch in the Farmers Branch and quite honestly it's going to be the timing of new marquee phones that we're launching in, in calendar year 2017.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. Again, it's a little hard to tell the rate and pace of recovery. There are certain things that could move the needle actually relatively quickly. We're planning on it being a longer haul, as I said a couple quarters, to fix the issue, again, primarily because there's a lot of volume in the line early part of the ramp. So I think we're now well in, in terms of the number of parts produced. We understand the yield issue quite well. And so I don't think there is a lot of uncertainty from this point forward other than how rapidly we can implement the changes and get it through the pipeline.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: All right, I'll take the easiest one. We're starting out in Farmers Branch on 8-inch. So we will start with what we believe will be our lowest cost there, and again, we'll qualify the line in 2017 and be ready for production in 2018. As far as what's going on in the packaging assembly and test facility, again that's one of the largest premerger synergies that we talked about is because a lot of the legacy work is outside assembly houses, and in fact given the volume we're running right now, we have a lot of work on the outside and that's why they're bringing up. And we had our grand opening in Dezhou just a few weeks ago, and as we in-source that, that is a significant cost savings for us. As far as, yes, in Greensboro, we're starting in 6-inch with standard SAW and temp-comp SAW and it's a significant margin improvement over what we're paying outside, I'll say it that way. But it will take time to get those into the market and designed into current product. So, again, much more of a 2017 story than a 2016 story. And as far as, you know the diameters and you can do the math on what the savings is from 6-inch to 8-inch and we'll give you a lot more color on the timing of that at the Analyst Day. But, again, most of these things really take hold in 2017. I know you had a question for Eric as well.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: What I do feel confident in is we grew our dollar content. Clearly at one of our customers you guys know we grew significantly more dollar content as they released phones throughout the year. If I look at our top three customers, we've expanded our dollar contents. And to your point, it really gets down to mix on SKUs, but I think in aggregate, we've definitely increased our share as well as our dollar content.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, to be clear, I don't believe I acknowledged there's any pull forward. I said if there was, then it could impact December. But right now we don't view it as demand being pulled forward. I think if you look at what happened last year, and I think it's pretty widely known that some of the marquee phones didn't quite sell as well into the December quarter, which impacted December and slightly in the March. So I think it all does come down to if you're asking what December and March are going to look like. As we said, China, we seem to be getting back to our normal share levels there, so that's where the strength in the China market that we see. We see it continues to migrate from 3-mode, to 5-mode and 4-mode. So that's dollar content. We think that China market is doing well, but we have a conservative view in my comments for December. And to your point, typically, March is down seasonally, and I don't think that's going to change from any other year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. I'd rather just make this comment at a very high level. Typically, we ship into our customers well before they start selling because they build up their inventory to go. So typically in June, we would typically be under shipping what they're selling. So, what I can say is specifically about our business, we saw what was coming, we took actions in December, a little bit in March, but we were pretty much clean starting in June.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Quinn, we are not running at capacity or nowhere close to that. So I would tell you, we're under loaded than from optimum.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So there's really not a large difference. There's a wide – not a wide range – but there's a range of gross margins for the different product types that sell into China. In general, the portfolio, especially the newer products are basically in line with the average mobile portfolio margins.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: We have a great new CFO, who thought that maybe we ought to be able to provide you guys with more of a range, because of his experience and looking at our past performance that it's probably more prudent to do that. And I think you also noticed one of our competitors also gave a range, who typically gave a point. So, we just thought it would be good to give you the clarity there in the range. And as far as booked for the quarter between our backlog, customer forecast, things like that, we're in good shape.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: This part, as you said seasonality or sell-through of the end customers' products can definitely impact our percentage of gross margin, absolutely.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah, Blayne, the quadplexers had a larger impact in the June quarter than the low-band PAD and the low-band PAD has a bigger impact, much bigger impact this quarter, and the quadplexers we've taken some actions and made some progress.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And then when they're integrated, just to be clear, they're wafer level packaged opposed to packaged in a ceramic package, which is the way a discrete filter's sold.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yeah. As far as 8-inch BAW filters go, it's going to be a very low percentage, that's what we're converting to this year and again, as I've said, bringing up in Farmers Branch. And in SAW filters, as we continue to expand in Florida as well as bringing up the North Carolina facility, that mix will start to move to 6-inch a much larger percentage. Don't have the percentage off the top of my head again, we'll give you that at Analyst Day, but it will be a larger percentage 6-inch.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And Harsh, excluding Huawei who is a corporate 2% customer, as you know the China business is about a third of the mobile business in the June quarter and a bit less than the third in the September quarter.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, Ed, we are transitioning over time our Greensboro gallium arsenide as well as GaN and they will be focused on filters. And as far as the temp-comp SAW...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So maybe big picture Ed, certainly you're on the right track. We absolutely expect that when we can in-source these filter ourselves in our new larger factories that are well utilized, we will definitely see improvements in gross margin. And this is a multi-generational thing, this cannot happen overnight to completely eliminate outsourcing of the filters. We're starting on it, we're adding new capacity, adding the filter designers to be able to do it, it will take two or three product cycles to get there.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As always, we thank you for joining us tonight. Qorvo is a leading participant in large, healthy markets with unique competitive strength and improving visibility and to macro trends and large customer programs driving our growth. We anticipate strong demand in support of today's most popular devices and we're expanding our capabilities to develop new highly integrated solutions for large customer opportunities launching in 2017 and 2018. Thank you.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah, we have talked many times about that portfolio shifting towards more filter based products and we do continue to see that trend and in fact if anything, accelerating through all tiers of the market now, customers asking us to integrate at a higher level and include more filters and Bob mentioned our drive towards filter independence and making sure that we have the ability to design and manufacture at least the lion's share, if not all of those filters internally, so that includes regular SAW as well as TC-SAW and BAW. And so, we will continue to need more R&D bandwidth to develop the processes, but then also to develop the products and integrate them into our portfolio.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: In the June quarter, it was pretty strong and in the September quarter, we see it continuing. As of now, the market is quite healthy and we are returning back to our kind of normal share that we should have been at earlier in the year already. So, we're kind of seeing that compound effect probably and then added to the fact that the dollar content overall continues to grow as we see more and more five-mode and six-mode 4G phones being shipped into the market.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Hey, Cody, this is Eric. It's a little tough to answer that. They can improve tremendously. The rate depends upon exactly how we get from here to there. Part of the nature of these products is that they ramp into very high volumes very rapidly, and so sometimes by the time you realize there is a yield issue, you already have an awful lot of product in the pipeline. That's why we are here. So we can improve them over the course of several quarters is probably the best way to answer that.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Well, again, it's primarily a single product problem and it's a low-band PAD problem where we have significant outsourced filter content. And that was a large volume product in the first quarter and it actually becomes larger in the second quarter as another low-band PAD family product comes on. So that's the effect you're seeing in first quarter and second quarter.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yes. We probably can't say much about the outsourced content to your question other than to say that it's a source that's clearly not a long-term viable candidate. There's not much flexibility in the near-term in terms of pricing and what we can do with that supplier. Internally, though, the yields are related to some specifications at the end product level, but also to your point, this is the first volume to ramp very hard in the new 6-inch TC line, and we're definitely working out a lot of issues in there as well that's contributing certainly to the issue.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: So we do have growth in China dialed in that's based on actually very strong backlog at this time in order activity and visibility into the dollar content expansions that our customers are asking for these phones. However, the majority of the growth is not driven by China this quarter. It's driven by other large customers in marquee phone ramps.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. We've been in production for several generations now. We do continue to see increased traction, really across all tiers in the market and with several baseband manufacturers.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah, sure. I want to say quite clearly that this is not a pricing issue. I also actually take issue in saying low-band PAD is a commoditized business. I don't think that's the case at all, especially these high performance low-band PADs with temperature-compensated SAW filters in them. These are very high performance products, very few people can manufacture them. It's not commoditized and there's not a pricing issue going on here at all. Because they're incredibly hard to manufacture, we're having some yield, ramping a new one and associated with again our new wafer line in it. So, why we're in the low-band PAD business? It's actually a premium product category and we see a lot of customers now asking us and giving us the opportunity to do the entire RF frontend. You need to have low-band, mid-band and high-band, all the switching and power management so forth to be able to do that. So it's an important part of the portfolio, it's going to be a very powerful part of the portfolio as well going forward.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Pretty detailed question. Yeah, so I would say, yield issues of course, we're working through those and assuring a continuation of the supply. Organization is working really, really hard to do that. In terms of redesign, not expected at all, potentially test program changes and so forth that, of course, we coordinate with our customers. But these are things that can happen relatively quickly.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. I'm sorry, I guess, we're having a hard time following why pulling the filter products inside would create excess inventory of filters and create pricing pressure. It would go the opposite way I think in...
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. Discrete filters are becoming a very small part of the market. The trend is that the filters are being integrated into higher level functionality such as our fusion modules and so forth.
Steven Eric Creviston - President: Yeah. I think you hit on it earlier, we're doing a lot right now including adding factories in Florida and Greensboro and also going from 4-inch to 6-inch and managing issues of wafer breakage as well as parameter distributions, and as you really run more and more and more wafers to the new 6-inch line, you begin to see the full distribution. Also, I think the requirements at the end module are tougher, generation, regeneration, the requirements are getting harder. So dialing in these specifications at a very fine level is the issue.
