James Klein: Yeah. Thanks, Blayne. I mean, we certainly have had a great positive year as we exited the year and grew a 38%, mainly driven by really strong demand in wireless infrastructure. But also a great year in Wi-Fi with consecutive double-digit growth quarters, and both defense and power management also having really strong years. So, I'm really pleased with the results of our fiscal 2021. We've been pretty public about the slowdown in the wireless infrastructure business in the back half of last year. And we certainly see that continuing as we go through the first half of this year. We think it will start to pick up in the back half of next year, as deployments in China start. And then certainly we expect C-band to start to rollout in the United States, as we get into the back half of the year. So, overall, I would expect base station to start to pick up a bit, but I think if you look at full year for IDP base station will actually probably be down a bit and we'll see significant growth in some of the other markets.
James Klein: Yeah. Thanks, Bill. I mean, definitely, the market has slowed down. I think it's been pretty public across many of our customers and our competitors, as we've seen these deployments and tenders delay in China. The other thing that's happened a bit is mix. And again, we've talked about that over the last couple of quarters as the mix has shifted a little bit from 64 element array to more macro-based stations and more 32 element array. Now that said, I am very happy with the portfolio that we have. We continue to invest in the technology, in both in the GaN side for power and in the small signal side. So, I'm happy where we are and I think we continue to make progress there. And we're in the very early stages. So, this is just beginning. We've had one year in China. We're just starting really in the U.S. and the rest of the world. So, this is going to be a multi-year trend. I think we're positioned very, very well with the portfolio we have. And, of course, we're obviously not going to sit still, we're going to continue to drive that business forward and invest in technology and make sure that we're able to do what we did last year with the early rollouts in China.
James Klein: Yeah. And I'll lead off with those ones that we spoke about. I mean, we're seeing very strong demand in Wi-Fi 6. And Mark and Bob both had hit that in their prepared remarks. And so, we've got a performance advantage there. And I think, customers are seeing that and we've been able to scale that business very significantly. On top of that, we've got 6E just coming right on the heels of Wi-Fi 6. And so, we're releasing products into 6E and we've also have our first production orders in 6E. So that'll contain the sort of layer on growth there. Power management, great trends there. It continues to grow and well up into the double digits. And that has done that quarter after quarter. So, it'd been a very nice acquisition for us as a company. And defense as well, we've got, again, nice trends inside the defense business. Now, on top of that, the automotive business is really starting to kick in, as we go into this year. And cable TV has also started to grow broadband business, because of deployment of DOCSIS 3.1. So, a lot of growth drivers that we have inside the business. As you said, diversification is working for us. It's helping us offset some of the market challenges that we're seeing with the rollout of infrastructure in China.
James Klein: Well -- yeah, I'm not going to, obviously, scale the revenue down at the individual areas. But what I will say is, we are early in. And we -- Mark talked about that. We've probably only seen about a 15% or so adoption in Wi-Fi 6 and very, very early in 6E. So, I think those kinds of growth rates that we're talking about are something that we do expect to continue to accelerate as we go through the adoption curve. It's probably going to take another three or four years for Wi-Fi 6 to build out. And we're already working on 7. So, I think, this is a business that will continue to drive. As far as overall size of IDP, I've talked about many times. I love the diversification of the business. And we're going to ebb and flow a bit. And so, that kind of guidance that I constantly give of these businesses, all being about a quarter of the size. I think, as you average through a long cycle, it stays pretty much in that span.
James Klein: Yeah. Thanks, Ed. So, we didn't talk about a large rebound. We start -- we said that it would start to accelerate as we get into the back half and the U.S. deployments will start to pick up. I do believe that the overall market, as we look at it this year, will be down and -- in sort of those single digits of addressable market and that sort of -- has everything into play, that has deployments in U.S. and the configurations that our customers are telling us about, and deployments in China and of course, the rest of the world. Going forward, though, there are tremendous amount of base stations still to be deployed. And the China deployments during the first year were relatively low. So, I do see just tremendous content pickups for us as we go through this five-year deployment. It's important, Ed, to know that, if you go back to 4G, a 64-element array is still about a 10X content pickup for us, a 32-element array is not -- a little bit more than half of that. So, these are big, big content gains for us in the business. And so, it's really a content story. And as you play that out and deployments around the world, it continues to be a growth business for us. And of course, GaN is a new technology for us. We couldn't access the power amplifiers as we went through the 4G cycle and now we've got great products and great technology allows us to address that whole segment.
Mark Murphy: Yeah, Blayne, I'll take that one. Yeah, based on the guidance I gave you, you'll see that we are expecting IDP to grow, and it'll be in the lower end of the range that James typically gets, he gets 10% to 15% per year. And we'll be in the lower end of that range, given the dynamics, James mentioned. We expect to see lackluster infrastructure build out in the first half. And we're expecting that to pick up in the second half, but we're also seeing -- in his business, just great opportunities to continue in Wi-Fi, power management is growing strongly. The defense business is strong and durable, so, still a great year for his business ahead of us.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. Karl, I'm not going to add any more to the current guidance. It’s our best view, considering the constraints we have and what we believe we can deliver and work with customers. Part of the benefit we had in the fourth quarter was just a tremendous job. The ops team has done, and then the work we've done with customers, to expedite product to them. So, we were able to, both produce more product and get them more product. And you see that come in a number of forms. We had more favorable absorption. We had some better pricing. Our inventory charges are actually lower than we thought. So, a number of -- number of positives, again, in the fourth quarter, just showing how well we're serving the market and working with our customers closely. So, it gives us a lot of confidence in the next couple of quarters that demand is very firm, which is why I felt comfortable giving preliminary full year view. And we'll just continue to do what we've been doing, and managing our inventories closely, watching the channel. Both of those are very healthy and the behavior from customers suggest that it's long-term demand and they're looking to partner with this more closely.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. I guess, Karl, if the question is, what are we doing to sustain margin? I mean, first of all, it's a very complicated equation, right, on all the things that go into making the gross margin. I think what I'd like to do is just start with our fiscal 2022 guide is for margins to hold up. Let's start with the fact that in fiscal year 2021, we increased gross margin over 400 basis points versus fiscal year 2020. So, I'd say sustaining at these levels is pretty good. And I think you've got to remember that some things will go against us in 2022 that went with us in 2021, notably, the pricing environment is very firm now. And that is likely to loosen a bit and still be healthy, we believe, but we'll not be as tight as it is at the moment. And we believe our inventory charges -- we have to assume they'll kind of pick back up to normal levels. And we've got to remember just how hard this stuff is that we do. So, I can go on and on. Now, there's plenty of good that's going on to offset the bad in fiscal 2022. I mean, we're continuing to drive productivity. The portfolio management continues utilization. We've got some room, and we'll continue to invest as we need to, but keep that utilization high. All the things we've talked about over the years. And so as a result, we just -- we have a view now that we can sustain margins these levels. Of course, over time, Karl, we've said -- we aspire to expand our gross margins, and I think it runs through the same things we've been doing. We will continue to be a technology leader, allows us to do the hardest parts. We'll pick to play with customers with those hardest parts where our value get recognized. Productivity's as good as it's ever been in the company and we're driving even more there. And then, we're just going to be very circumspect about any capital build. So, we're optimistic that over time, there'll be some opportunity.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. I think we do our best to forecast very complicated business. And I think our forecast history, as far as our ability to meet commitments, is clear. I think, we've had 17 quarters, or so. It depends on what you do with the hurricane in Florida several years ago as to why that's ruined the streak or not. But we do our best to give a good read. And -- but there's a lot of things in the mix, any given quarter. And so, what's most important to us is, can we forecast it well and meet commitments? And I think we -- you can argue that we're kind of missing it on the high side. But I'd say that we have it in control and can continue to improve the business, because we know what's going on. The second thing is, it's indisputable at this point that all the work we've been doing has led to a higher quantum. So, we've just -- we've increased gross margin, particularly over the past year and had stabilized it before. So, the R&D investment and portfolio management productivity and reducing capital intensive, it's all paying off. To your point, we continue to work on growing the business in the right areas and working on our cost curves and picking and choosing where we're going to compete and bring the most value to customers. And over time, we think that the variability that we have will moderate. As it relates to the June quarter, we're -- we are down. And we're -- I said actually that we'd be down in the 49s, and the drivers are the same. We assume that price will moderate somewhat sequentially. We do have some product mix effects. And then, we have some favorability from -- in this case, the March quarter that -- yeah, that's not going to repeat. We had some favorable absorption in the factories, and then we had some inventory effects that we have to assume we might return to normal levels on inventory charges. So, that explains the sequential decline. I'll finish my comments with that. Remember that's an increase versus the soft guidance I gave you before. So, we've -- our view is actually improved on the quarter. We're driving more productivity than we thought. We have a little bit better price than we thought, because the market's still very firm. And then, there are a number of other factors. But listen, we're pleased to guide at 50% number and we're -- we have confidence in that result.
Mark Murphy: Yeah. Gary, I would just say that we normally don't give much detail on that. And you'll see the full year numbers in the K. We had one full year, as we look at it now. We had a number of 10% customers in the fourth quarter. And another one that was actually very close and approaching 10%. So, very good diversified revenue in the quarter.
Mark Murphy: Maybe I could start and then Eric take it, or Bob. So, first of all, I don't think we want to give a number at this point on percent, because it's -- there's a lot in flight, a lot's been done and a lot is still in flight. So, I think that's a number that we would be changing and just is not practical at this point to give it. The second thing I would mention is that, the nature of the agreements we get and so forth is going to determine the level of investment we make and shape our CapEx decision. So, yeah, another -- they're intertwined to Vivek's earlier question on gross margin and what we want to do here going forward. We're working to strike deals that will be best for our customers and best to maintain stability on our business, so we can invest for our customers. And so I would leave it at that. Eric or Bob …
Mark Murphy: Yeah. Toshiya, just -- on the dollars, you'll see a subsequent event note in the K and this was over $150 million, closer to $175 million, actually. So, you'll see that in the K as a subsequent event. It's a creative pretty quickly, like within the first few quarters of our ownership. And the gross margin profile is favorable to the company and given the scale, of course, the operating margins weaker just because the OpEx. But it's certainly a business we're excited about and investing -- we're going to be investing heavily in.
Mark Murphy: I maybe -- just to talk to the full year guide I gave as well. Yeah. A couple of things to add. One is, keep in mind, this is a first look. So -- and the first half of the view is obviously a lot clearer Chris, then the back half. And we're -- I think that's just the nature of providing a high-level view. There are obviously a lot of positive factors going into the year. Demand is firm. It's more of a supply constraint environment. And the growth drivers in the business are intact with the near-term exception of infrastructures as we've discussed. You've got -- the economic recovery is underway, but we know how quickly that can turn. And then, there's just pockets of supply chain risks, which we're managing very well, but acknowledging that they're there. So, I just want that to be clear in this initial look The second thing on the guide is just talking about -- maybe giving a bit of shape to it. And specifically September quarter looks firm as well, expect revenue to be up, probably around $50 million or so sequentially versus our June guide. The gross margin, we see increasing, being between 51% 52%. So, increasing 100 to 150 basis points, probably closer to 150 basis points as we see it now. And we'll get more -- one last thing OpEx, we see going up about $10 million sequentially. And again, that's some salary increases plus the addition of NextInput, and then just increased investments in our other growth opportunities and recent acquisitions. We'll get more color through the quarter or on our next earnings call.
Mark Murphy: Just one, I need to make one correction, Chris, I made a mistake here and just want to make sure it's clear for the calls up. Our actual sequential will be up between 100 and 150 actually going June to September. But just -- not 50 as I mentioned, but between 100 and 150. So, I'm sorry about that. And hopefully that clears that up.
Eric Creviston: Right. Well, certainly in the near-term and currently where we are today, the full main path solutions are just getting a lot of traction. That brings a lot of dollar content with it, especially as we look in the forward -- looking in the future and see all the new bands coming and so forth. But also just all of our -- complexity around the antenna, it comes with all of that as well, right? As complexity goes, there's a lot more antenna tuning and antenna plexing and so forth. So, that's still a strong market for us and Wi-Fi as well. The 6 -- 6E rollout has been really good for us. So Wi-Fi has been growing and one of the faster clips of all our product groups as well. UWB, a lot of excitement about that, for sure. Lots of design activity across all the verticals. We announced the design in consumer IoT space, which is pretty big for us. It's going to drive growth second half of the year. And so, it's going to be picking up throughout the year. It's not driving the growth now, given its scale, but as we exit the year, it'll be a bigger contributor.
Eric Creviston: Sure, Craig. Yeah. This is Eric. The design activity is really, really broad. It is very good that we completed the 7Hugs acquisition and brought the entire software stack, which really enables us to work across a very broad array of applications. So, engaged with multiple mobile handset providers, of course, to leverage that channel. But then also the -- all the things that talk to the mobile phone, like the consumer IoT devices, of course and also automotive. And then, just a bunch of industrial IoT sort of applications around robotics and AR, VR and navigation, indoors, and those sorts of applications. So, really broad. But the team's done a great job of doing all of this with a unified hardware and a unified software stack for the most part, with very few variations. So, tremendous productivity coming out of that organization to cover such a broad number of verticals. And in terms of the outlook for it, we said before we believe we can get it to a couple hundred million dollar revenue business within a few years, nothing has changed there by any means. And we're super excited about the opportunities it’s bringing.
Eric Creviston: Vivek, this is Eric. I'll take a stab at it. So, first of all, in terms of the growth -- first of all, 5G doubling year-over-year and an additional 250 million phones on top of the 250 from last year, right? So, in terms of growth rate, it's approximately the same, right? And so that's -- so we're saying growth consistent with last year, being able to sustain at this level is good. We have other growth drivers coming on top of that as well. But of course, as we enter the year, we take a relatively conservative look. I think it's still a pretty strong guide for the year. In terms of pricing -- I think in terms of loosening, Mark was indicating is that, we've had very firm pricing in the March quarter, extremely tight markets. We're going to continue to push the price curve, while maintaining, of course, relationships and design strength that we have. Mark indicated long-term agreements with customers are coming into play, which is great for us and for customers. It's just an incredibly constructive environment for building a long-term business. That's profitable for us and helps our customers make a lot of money too, because of the advanced technologies. So, I think it's a very constructive positive environment. We're not indicating anything about weakening pricing necessarily.
Eric Creviston: Sure. Let's -- I'll take those in order. So, starting with the transmit diversity path. Yeah. That's a rapidly growing space for us. As you indicated, we had forecast that it would be. And it's not finding -- it's limited to the content we have today. Today is relatively kind of discreet placements. And going forward we'll see complete, what we call dual connect modules more and more going from the upper tier down in the dual connect modules, we have the complete transplant and receive path for the bands that they do transmit on, right? And those bands are throughout the mid and high band frequencies. We'll say so. So, it's a great growing category. Again, we're going to bring all filters to it. We're going to bring integration to it. Best-in-class GaA PAs and everything we have in the main path. So, that's a great new category for us. And of course, supported by -- just more band within the uplink and trying to get more video through the networks and higher data rates and so forth. That's really what's driving that as we've been talking about for years actually. On UWB, I think when you say -- you're seeing NXP primarily in Android house, that's kind of a legacy comment, which I acknowledged. Obviously, Decawave, wasn't in a position to really address the mobile market and that's why they took the path, they did it as Qorvo. Of course, we're targeting the mobile market directly. And to your point that is Android. And so, the current state of play at least, Apple is doing their own. But we expect that we will be engaged and represented in production in the Android ecosystem, not just in all the accessories, but also in the mobile part themselves. There's really no part of the UWB ecosystem that we feel like we can't address and we are addressing.
Eric Creviston: Yeah. This is Eric. I'll be happy to talk to that. I mean, the fact is we are in a supply constrained environment. So, customers would be happy to get more potentially, but we're working through our supply chain and growing its capabilities throughout the year. And so, it's not a typical demand profile that you might see. This is really a function of how much we can get out right now.
Robert Bruggeworth: The only thing I'd add, Vivek, is if you look at some of the other companies that do play in our space and see what they've guided quarter-over-quarter. I think we're starting out on a much stronger foot than they are. And we'll see how well we deal with the constraints that both Mark and Eric have talked about, and we'll see how much of that we can capture. I also think one of the few they're gaining some year outlook as well. I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Robert Bruggeworth: The only thing I would add, Toshiya, there for both business units and to Mark's point they're growing. And clearly, there are a lot more confidence in the outlook because of them than we had in any of the years before. We did have some smaller long-term agreements, but it is a growing part of our portfolio. And we think it's a very good thing and so to our customers. I think that's the really important part as Mark pointed out.
Robert Bruggeworth: Chris, this is Bob. Obviously, quite challenging to even define that. I think we've given you a pretty good view. As Mark's already outlined somewhat of a profile of the year, along with what we're thinking for the year. It is dynamic. And collectively, we all spend a lot of time with our customers working through their other constraints, so that they can complete their bill of materials. So, there's a lot of churn in our business as we -- they figure out what they can get from certain suppliers. We adjust, but we can make, and there's just a tremendous amount going on out there. And to really size that and let you know, dollar wise, would be quite -- not really useful in my mind, because if we could produce more -- they may not want it, because they can get it from someone else. So, we gave you what we believe is an unconstrained view of -- excuse me -- a different way, a constrained view of what we think we can get and support along with what our customers can get. And we're in almost daily communications with them. So, I feel good about the outlook, that Mark's provided.
Robert Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us this evening. Qorvo will be presenting at multiple Investor Conferences in the coming weeks, and we invite you to listen in. Thanks again, and have a good night.
