William A. Priddy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for the September quarter increased approximately 3.5% sequentially to $209.7 million. CPG revenue was $160.4 million, about 5.2% sequentially. And MPG revenue was relatively flat sequentially at $49.2 million. Our sequential growth in Cellular and our ability to exceed consensus revenue estimates, primarily reflect diversification, category expansion and content gains in 3G/4G components. Gross profit was $73.9 million, with gross margin improving 110 basis points to 35.2%. We exceeded our margin guidance primarily through improved product mix. Operating expenses were $64.6 million, with G&A of $10.2 million, sales and marketing of $14 million and research and development of $40.4 million. You may have noticed that we removed the litigation expense for our non-GAAP earnings. The reason is because Peregrine dropped their ITC lawsuit against RFMD. Going forward, RFMD's litigation expense will decline significantly. Additionally, you can see we continue to invest aggressively in research and development. We target these R&D investments at our multiyear product pipeline, which is expanding as we increase the scope of our relationships, with both platform providers and leading smartphone manufacturers. We believe these investments will result in above industry growth rates for RFMD throughout calendar 2013. Operating income was $9.2 million. Other income was $484,000 and non-GAAP taxes were approximately $1.9 million. Net income for the quarter was $7.8 million or $0.03 per diluted share, based on 281.3 million shares. Now, going to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $206.9 million. During the quarter, RFMD retired approximately $32 million par value of convertible debt due April 2014, at an average price of 98.3. At the end of the quarter, there was $87.5 million par value of 2014 convertible debt remaining. DSOs were consistent with last quarter at 50 days. RFMD's inventory balance of $136 million resulted in 4.2 turns, which was also consistent with last quarter. Net PP&E was $167.6 million. CapEx during the quarter was $11.1 million, with depreciation of $12.3 million and intangible amortization of $4.8 million. Capital expenditures were targeted at quick payback equipment. Cash flow from operations was $1.9 million, reflecting sales linearity. Now, the business outlook and financial targets. RFMD currently believes that the demand environment in our end market supports the following financial expectations and projections. RFMD expects December quarterly revenue to increase sequentially by approximately 17% to $245 million. RFMD expects a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 20% and RFMD expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $0.06 per diluted share. And with that, we'll open the call up to your questions. Thanks.
William A. Priddy: Yes, Dale, when aggregating contract manufacturers, the 2 largest smartphone OEMs were both greater than 10% customers.
William A. Priddy: Yes, for obvious competitive reasons, that's a little sensitive information. So we're not going to go to that level of detail in breaking out our business.
William A. Priddy: Mike, over the longer-term, our model for gross margin is 40%, and our model for operating margin is in the 18% to 19% range. So we feel like we made a huge step forward in progression on our model. And we clearly have a lot of margin drivers. I mean lots of them, but usually -- the usual blocking and tackling like yield improvement on new products and process technologies. We improve factory utilizations that will help gross margins. We haven't really seen the full benefit of the deal we struck with IQE yet, with the benefit of lower [indiscernible] cost going forward. We could see mix to higher margin products, such as we saw this quarter. And in some markets, simply those markets returning back to previous spend levels, such as the infrastructure market in the MPG organization, would also help the gross margin profile. So clearly a lot of tailwinds there in terms of margin expansions, both at the gross margin level, but also we think we're going to be increasing our revenue over the next few quarters. And we don't see a commensurate increase in our expenses, so you get the multiplier effect of the leverage you see in our financial model.
William A. Priddy: Yes, we didn't put a bogey in terms of revenue to achieve a specific point in time, 40% gross margin, 18% operating income target. I mean, clearly, in the R&D area, we're overinvesting, if you will. I mean we're investing to be a much larger company than what we are and we've got a very full product pipeline that's going to support revenue over the next couple of years. In fact, I think it would be appropriate for both Eric and Norm to comment on their R&D expenditures and where it is they're investing more explicitly to drive this growth.
William A. Priddy: Yes, again, one thing you can take from our operating cost structure, especially our R&D expenses, is we're playing to win as the major OEMs and channel partners. Now we don't see anything that's going to rachet expenses up in a significant way. You get the normal March effect when you get some creases [ph] in payroll taxes and so forth, and maybe that's $1 million or so, plus or minus. But I think from an investment level, we're comfortable we're investing enough to drive the company to better than $300 million per quarter in revenue.
William A. Priddy: Well, you could construct that scenario. However, we're not guiding to gross margin, we're guiding to revenue growth and earnings per share. So really, what we'll have to do as the quarter unfolds and we actually get through the quarter, we'll see how mix turns out, which also is a big driver for the fall-through. But clearly, we had a very nice quarter in September. We're setting ourselves up for a very nice quarter in December, but we still don't know for sure exactly what mix is going to be. And we know that utilization rates, while they're going to improve, they're not going -- our fabs are not going to be full up in the December time frame.
William A. Priddy: I'll go ahead and take both of those. We mentioned that we had 2 greater than 10% customers at the company level, and we're going to leave it at that. And as far as the amount of revenue that we can produce, you have to remember that the increasing percentage of our revenue is -- amounts towards production. So that does free up potentially more capacity to generate gallium arsenide-based revenue. So I really wouldn't want to put an upper limit on it because, if we were running our fabs full out and plus growing our silicon businesses and much of the MPG organization is some type of outsourced capacity, we're probably a $1.5 billion to $2 billion per year company. So we have ample capacity to grow. And once again, on the technology, that's being deployed.
William A. Priddy: Yes, I'd like to be able to give you more granularity, but I think for now, we're going to stick with -- we did have an outsourced model in some areas of our business. In some areas of our business, we manufacture our own products.
William A. Priddy: Well, we'll take it one good quarter at a time. And I think, yes, normal seasonality may or may not be normal by the time we get to the March quarter. I mean we've seen sometimes up in the March quarter. So it's just simply too early to tail. We'll be able to give you more color on the March quarter when we report our December results.
William A. Priddy: I think the big difference is the level of R&D expenditures now and where we're taking the company in terms of product leadership and customer diversification, category expansion. So as I mentioned already, our investment level is to be a much larger company than what we currently are, and we've got a very clear roadmap to get there. So there's a big difference between this year and 1 year ago. I mean this year we, obviously, are more aligned -- much more aligned with the 2 largest handset OEMs. We're much more aligned with the key channel partners. So we're very much inside the tent with targeted R&D investments for products to support long-term growth rates. So I think that's probably the primary difference between the quarters.
William A. Priddy: Well, there is a case that Peregrine has filed in District Court that continues to be open, and we have no idea what their strategy is with this case either, since they just recently dropped the ITC case. And typically, these cases are -- they simply take a long time to ever, ever even come to court and let alone any type of decision. So once again, we very much defend our IP, and the fact that we have not violated anyone else's IP. I think that clearly came out in the ITC case, and so we're just plowing ahead, as Eric stated, that with new product development and design wins across multiple customers.
William A. Priddy: They're only some, yes. That's going to go down dramatically over the next couple of quarters. And at some point, if the case still stands, a couple of years from now or whenever, then we'll come back and readdress it. But this may go away for good. We simply don't know what Peregrine's strategy is, but this makes no sense at all to RFMD.
William A. Priddy: Yes. Well, now what we have said is that we would see revenue growth and earnings growth and no significant change in our expense structure.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Sure, Dale. This is Bob. I'll go ahead and take a shot at this. I think what you're asking is kind of what drove a little bit of the growth last quarter and what's driving our growth going forward. And I think what we've said in some of our prepared remarks is our 3G business grew very nicely, and the 3G business includes what you talked about PowerSmart, our switch and signal conditioning product line, along with Phenom. And it's fast approaching our entire 3G business. So the growth that we saw and are going to continue to see is basically driven by those product segments. Also kind of going forward, we're starting to see growth in the 3G entry as well. So it's pretty well diversified growth across all the product families that you talked about, including WiFi.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Harsh, let me comment in maybe a slightly different way. Clearly, our customer diversification is being driven by the leading smartphone manufacturers, where some of those phones end up from a regional perspective is not always as clear to us because they're building more world-type phones. I think our exposure to the U.S. is absolutely increasing though. We hadn't had good representation here in several years, so I think that is also picking up. I can comment on that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. I think if you remember when we were here about 3 months ago, we talked about the timing of new product launches. And quite honestly, that's what's driving it. We've got, as I think you alluded to, some pretty big marquee phones that are ramping now and we're enjoying business with them as the leading smartphone manufacturers, along with much lower level, the expansion of the 3G entry. So first and foremost, what's driving our growth is being with the right players in the industry who are winning, and we've expanded our dollar content there.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I'll take the first part. Eric, you can think about how you want to answer the customer-specific things. As far as what we're seeing driving our growth, it's really -- the leading smartphone manufacturers is where we're seeing strong growth. We can't get into the models and things like that. I think you guys know we can't do that. And also, we are seeing growth across a broad set of customers in the industry. So we have continued to gain share at not just the leading 2 players, but several of the other players in the industry. And as I mentioned, one segment that we're highlighting is in the 3G entry area. So again, being with the right players, who are driving their marquee phones, who are winning in the industry, is the bulk of our growth and the guidance we gave. And I guess, Eric, he asked a little bit about Nokia and our thoughts there.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Tavis, this Bob Bruggeworth. As far as does it change anything, we never let off the accelerator. If you remember our comments, we were never concerned about this. Our go-to-market strategy did not change. We locked down a number of design wins, and that business has continued to ramp quarter-over-quarter. So the lawsuit, from that perspective, was no change in our behaviors and our customers and who we work with, and expect it to drive forward. As far as sizing the business, we have not continued to size the business. As I said, as we've made the transition from predominantly 2G to 3G, we were pointing to our growth drivers being PowerSmart, Phenom and our switch and signal conditioning product line. And now, today, that is almost all of our 3G business, and that's what's continuing to grow. I will let Eric talk about the portfolio that we have in SSCPL and what he's doing in ROS [ph], he's continuing to add the products in there.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Maybe I'll try it a different way. Number one as you know, many of our modules also include technologies that are produced outside. From a square millimeter perspective, we ship a lot more of our product that is produced outside, from a square millimeter to the raw semiconductor devices.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And now that I think we got a good feel for what you're trying to understand. Clearly, our intent is to sell PA. So whether it's a third party, who you've named; a platform partner, who you've named; clearly, those are our targets. Coupled with -- there are some people out there that won't use a third party, that don't have the technology on their platforms. And they will use both the ET solutions, which -- by the way, we do -- it is the PowerCore, which is why it's a subset of PowerSmart, just to clarify that. It's the next-generation PowerCore, but -- with that, we'll also be available. And it's not in PowerSmart as the family today, but it will be available for those that want the envelope tracking along with the PA. So we will service all 3: the third parties you mentioned, the platform providers you mentioned and those that don't have the capability for their own tracker.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. I think it's a little bit too soon to tell. I think it was 2 or 3 years ago, we had the same question because Chinese New Year was a little bit later, and it didn't work out. And I think it was 1 year or 2 ago, it did work out. So we're not really ready to predict that. I think, to maybe your question, it depends on the rollout of TD and how long that goes and China Mobile continues to push forward with that, coupled with the global macro picture and how this Chinese economy does. So I think those are 2 factors that will play into how it does play out. But right now, we're not going to be able to have any visibility into that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: That's a very granular question in the China market. Just to be clear, we participate in the 2G segment you discussed, and we do have seen that decline over time. The 2.5G EDGE market, we also participate in and those are turning into smartphones as you pointed out, along with 3G entry. So we are seeing that market continue to shift from 2G to the 2G smartphones to 3G entry. And on the 3G entry side, that's where we're starting to see our growth, that we talked about earlier.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. We -- number one, we haven't seen any behavioral changes. And number two, each one of the even top-tier guys have different programs that we work with from schedule share to different methodologies to pass back-and-forth demand. I think what's most interesting is that they are working to be tight to the end demand. And we see changes frequently. But as far as lead times go, we have the same visibility we've always had with them.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: No. Many customers give us a much longer horizon. My point is it changes. But they give us the visibility to their build plans at much longer than that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: As well as the size of the market. TD is not as large. I want to make sure that they don't get too far ahead on the size of that market. It's growing nicely for us. But to your point, 3G is much bigger, and 2G is even bigger than TD.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you very much for joining us tonight. RFMD is winning by earning content on our customer's flagship devices, and we're working today to expand our content on the flagship devices in key platforms anticipated for next year. We are executing on a growth strategy of diversification, category expansion and content gains. And we expect this strategy will support an extended period of sustainable revenue growth, improving financials and delivering greater shareholder returns. Thank you again, and goodnight.
Steven E. Creviston: This is Eric. I'll talk about the growth drivers for the cellular part of the business and it really is, the growth drivers we've been talking about all year for the most part, completely intact. Maybe what added to it a bit is that there is a clear trend with our customers asking us to do more. The complexity of the designs that we're working on between the transceiver and the antenna farm is such that it takes a great deal of engineering capability. And frankly, the customers would prefer if a power supplier could do that. So we are more and more betting on to be complete RF front-end solutions. That's all the power amplifiers, switches, power management, antenna tuning and so forth, all-in-one complete sort of bundled design. It's not just a pricing bundle, we actually do the complete design for the customer. And that gives us the opportunity, I think, for some more chunky design win business. And that's really -- again, we've been talking about this all year. You're beginning to see the fruits of that labor pay off.
Steven E. Creviston: Sure. So for the Cellular Group, we have a very, very full product pipeline. It's a very different business for us than it was just a couple of years ago. We now are fully engaged with all leading baseband providers on multi-generational and multi-year product roadmaps. And also clear engagement with the leading smartphone and entry phone manufacturers as well, helping align with their multiyear roadmap. So we have a lot of things we're focused on. Today, I think what's driving a lot of the R&D is the industry push from regional LTE coverage to global LTE coverage. So figuring out how to pack 10 or more bands of LTE into the same size footprint as today, while backward-compatible to all 2G and 3G bands as well. That's a big area of it and that drives a subset really with the antenna control solutions as being a big piece of how we're helping to solve that problem for the industry. And then beyond that, we're looking towards to really solving the battery problem with LTE when you get all that going on, and that's going to bring advanced power management, envelope tracking is a big part of our R&D investment today. We fully expect to be the industry leader in envelope tracking technologies, both in the power amplifiers themselves, as well as in the power management chip. So that's driving it in the near-term. And on the horizon, we see carrier aggregation right around the corner. As Bob mentioned, that's driving another level of systems level architecture work and fundamental core technologies to address that.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, Nokia really is a representative of a broad class of customers, essentially. I think, to Bob's point, this is not narrow by any means. We expect in the Cellular business in December to be up more than 10% with nearly every customer, including all of China and all of the smartphone manufacturers elsewhere. So it's a very broad-based growth. Nokia is participating in that as well. We are growing with Nokia, again, as we've mentioned. And essentially, I think the difference now is that you're seeing all the underlying growth come through. We have no more headwinds such as we've had with Nokia, for example.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, so this is Eric. I'll take that. And I also want to clarify, you mentioned that I had said that all customers to be up around 10%. I said 10% minimum. In fact, we have many large customers up well over that. Obviously, that drives us to the average 17% growth. So yes, I think you're right, there's clear winners and losers for sure. But we think the overall handset market is going to be pretty darn healthy in December for RF. The marquee handsets that are launching are ramping into massive volumes at high-dollar content for our suppliers. So it's a great market to be in, 17% sequential growth. You're right, we think that will put us in a share gainer category. But the overall market is doing very, very well in December.
Steven E. Creviston: So just to clarify, we have multiple, I think, high-profile ramps in the December quarter across multiple smartphone manufacturers. So I think we literally have content in probably every marquee handset ramping in December quarter. And in some cases, we have the entire RF solution. So that's certainly driving a lot of the growth. The 3G entry, your question was whether it was driving September, it just kicked in really at the end of September. Overall, we were actually soft in China for the quarter. But we began to see growth at the end of the September quarter. And when you look at December, the 3G entry business is definitely one of the drivers again. We expect that to be a very big market. We are very -- we have a very high exposure to TD, in particular. The TDS, TD main market is one in which we've got very compelling new devices with multimode power amplifiers that are -- one PowerSmart-type solution that does TD as well as 2G backward compatibility in the same PA. And that has gotten almost universal acceptance. I think in the last TD tender, we were represented in every single handset that won business there. So as they're ramping very strongly right now at China Mobile with TD, we're a very large benefactor of that as well. Again, it's at a smaller level in total, of course, than these marquee smartphones, but it's still definitely a driver of our business.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, it's currently one of the largest segments in the RF front-end in Cellular and probably the fastest-growing as well because of all of the requirements for signal routing around the antenna and, as I've mentioned several times, tuning of the antenna elements themselves as well. So we have a very broad family of high-performance 3G/4G antenna switch modules, some of which also contained a duplexer. So they're switch duplexer modules, and then receive duplexer modules that help with routing and diversity applications, and a full family of tuners and other antenna control sort of solutions. It's a briskly growing portfolio, both in terms of the quantity of products, but also in terms of our revenue in that segment.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, so it's better than a $1 billion market opportunity for us today. We have, I think, in the past, broken out antenna control because that's a new emerging category, and that was essentially 0 dollars last year. We think within 3 years, it gets to about $500 million opportunity, and we expect to be the clear leader in that segment for sure.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. We certainly see broad adoption of this, and it's not even just in smartphones but even in the entry category in some cases. But clearly, it's been driven primarily by 2 key factors in the smartphone. One is as you're trying to address more and more frequency bands, you simply cannot add enough antennas. There's not enough space. And so you have to be able to take fewer antenna elements and tune them over to the center frequencies of all the new bands you're adding. So that's one key driver, and maybe the primary driver today. And then going forward, I think there'll be a lot of work in more dynamic and active tuning systems that actually improve the signal performance or data throughput in various environments where you get reflections and so forth. So you'll have a much more reliable end-user experience. So those are the key drivers, and I think that it's becoming a well-established part of the industry now. We will see it continue to unfold. In terms of dollar content, it really varies very dramatically from -- you could see solutions, which are in $0.25 to $0.50 range up to solutions which are in $2.50 to $3 range for this application.
Steven E. Creviston: We're sampling the PA duplexer modules and the envelope tracking solutions today, both of which could be in production next calendar year. But we're not giving any more granularity yet on those ramps.
Steven E. Creviston: It's a very good question. Thanks for giving me an opportunity to clarify it. I was referring to both. So in situations where we have the power management or the DC-to-DC converter, we of course intend to have companion power amplifiers. But I think our work on those systems gives us the best core technology for the power amplifier regardless of who makes the DC-to-DC. So in situations where the base band manufacture is choosing to do their own envelope tracking, we expect to have the best PAs for those solutions as well.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. You could say -- I think the entire PowerSmart portfolio, as we look forward, really becomes the entire solution for multimode, multiband. And in some cases, then the power management morphs into an envelope tracking power management solution. In other cases, we may sell the envelope tracker separately as the power management IC.
Steven E. Creviston: I think that's basically correct. We've got a long history in power management, as you know, shipping more discrete DC-to-DC converters. PowerSmart was the logical evolution on that and this is just the next obvious evolution of that power management capability. But you're right, it's definitely an emerging new class of products, and it's a very exciting area right now, because that -- it will have very tangible benefits for LTE handsets.
Steven E. Creviston: This is Eric. I'll take that. It varies widely. Again, of course, in most smartphones today, you have full backward compatibility of 4 bands of 2G and 3 to 5 bands of 3G. We see LTE being introduced, generally, as I've said, regionally, which means 2 or 3 band set of LTE on top of that. So that the trick, of course, going forward is to take that regional LTE and make it more of a global coverage. So you can have one SKU to be sold anywhere in the world. That will require at least 10 bands of LTE on top of the 4 or 5 bands of 3G, on top of the 4 bands of 2G. Now a lot of those -- just to be clear, those are different modes. Some of the frequency bands share 2G, 3G and 4G. So it really does vary quite a bit, but it's getting to be a very large and complex problem.
Steven E. Creviston: As I think we've said a few times, we're not breaking those out separately. They're all growing very rapidly with the content expansion, power amplifiers, each of these bands and modes, you're adding more power for our [ph] content. But you're also adding switch content. So it's all -- they're all growing.
Steven E. Creviston: I mean it, again, will vary a lot by which smartphone we're building and for what application, but there's several dollars in PA content. You can usually get $3 to $4 worth of PAs with all the satellite bands of LTE and so forth included. Switch content, when you include the tuners and so forth, you can usually get to $2 to $4 worth of content there as well. And so altogether, when we look at the LTE handsets, there's really kind of a minimum of about $4 to $5 worth of content, and maybe the maximum is on the order of $10 worth of our content when you put it all together. And that -- so that -- in that case, I'm including the filters as well and everything that goes in there.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. A lot of it will depend upon the macro backdrop, of course. But in general, we're currently modeling high single-digit unit growth for the handset industry. But that should translate into kind of a 10% to 15% at least dollar growth for the RF content. It could be even a bit higher than that.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes, yes, with LTE. So we are engaged with, I think, 6 or 7 baseband manufacturers now with our PowerSmart MMMB for LTE. And so it -- there's a broad number of people that are developing systems for LTE, and everybody is trying to solve the same problem essentially, which is how to pack all this capability into the smallest size possible with the best performance. So we think we've got a very good solution for that. It's a -- yes, we're doing a lot of system integration with a lot of baseband companies right now.
Steven E. Creviston: Okay, yes. So really, it is -- I think I just -- what I said before, it's probably the best guidance I can give, because it's really important at this point. I mean at the very beginning, the [indiscernible] coming back to that. We are not any longer marketing PowerSmart or a switch here or an antenna tuner there. But really, every opportunity we sit down with the customer, or the baseband provider on it. We're talking about the entire RF front end. So we're bringing to them a complete reference design, with power amplifier, switch, power management, antenna tuning and the filtering all-in-one design. So when we look at that content, we're really seeing, in 3G today, a $3 to $5 kind of a window for that, generally in these devices and that going from $4 to $10 in LTE.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. We generally don't talk about market-share targets specifically. It will be very far north of our average market share. I think this is a segment which we stand to do very, very well in. The competitive landscape is unique. We don't see many of our traditional competitors there. And the traditional approaches to this, as the industry was nascent last year, the technologies that were being used were a little more exotic. It was kind of an exotic application. There were exotic technologies. What we did really, I think, is bring a very high-volume, cost-effective technology to that market. And that's why I think we've kind of got the share we have really. So we're -- it's really too early to call the competitive landscape. There hasn't been any kind of #2 players step up yet that we could -- we can really quantify for you.
Steven E. Creviston: Yes. There's one very good thing there is there's much fewer competitors in TD. There were more in 3G, but there are even more in 2G. So -- and that does tend to kind of scale with the price competitiveness roughly so...
Norman Hilgendorf: Speaking with regard to WiFi -- Dale, this is Norm. We're seeing -- for WiFi, we're seeing increased mobile data rates are driving the need for higher performance, especially in really small spaces such as handsets, tablets and other equipments. So this is driving significant activity throughout the industry today. RFMD has the right products. We're working with the right channel partners. We have the manufacturing scale. And so 11n shipments are strong and growing, and we see 11ac coming around the bend.
Norman Hilgendorf: Sure. Speaking for the Multi-Market Group, Mike, we're focused on 3 major categories. The bulk of our R&D resources are focused on #1, WiFi, where we see significant -- we're in the midst of a strong growth uptrend today. Also, we expect to derive continued growth in gallium nitride over the long-term for both military and commercial business. We're strong in cable TV today. We're getting growth in military applications, such as radar and broadband communications, and we see potential for other commercial upticks down the road in GaN. And then the third major category for us is wireless infrastructure, which has been a traditional strength of ours for many years. In the near term, we have growth coming from a point-to-point microwave backhaul applications for wireless infrastructure. And in the longer-term, we see a lot of activity in small cell infrastructure driving long-term growth as well for us. So WiFi, gallium nitride power and also wireless infrastructure, those are the 3 main investment categories for Multi-Market. Over to Eric on Cellular.
Norman Hilgendorf: Sure, Mike. There are 2 primary drivers here on the dollar content increase. Number one is the increased activity in the 5 gigahertz bands. To date, most WiFi equipments has been operating in the 2 gigahertz bands, which has a wide range of competitors and technologies and a lot of low performance equipments out there. It's a very crowded space and it's a lot harder to get value out of the products that you deliver in that area. Now, 11n and really 11ac in particular, is driving a lot more performance requirements out of the 5 gigahertz bands to get the highest data rates possible in the WiFi networks. And this is an area that's driving a lot of performance improvements out of the RF front-end. It's driving everybody to work with the compound semiconductors, especially gallium arsenide versus other technologies. And so we were able to get much more value out of this category in that band. The second thing which is driving more content, is as people look for greater data rates, they're also using MIMOs. So you get multiple transceivers in each bands. So 2x2 MIMO will have twice as many front ends. So we're seeing the unit volume increase, as well as the overall performance requirements increase. So that's having a compounding effect, while WiFi, in general, is just really taking off in multiple applications.
Norman Hilgendorf: Blayne, this is Norm. You mentioned do we see both segments growing in December? Which segments are you...
Norman Hilgendorf: WiFi and CPG. Yes, WiFi is absolutely growing quarter-over-quarter. We had strong growth going back to the June quarter, quarter-over-quarter. We also had strong growth this last quarter in September of greater than 15%, and we have very strong growth for the December quarter as well. So right now, and for the foreseeable future, we see really strong growth continuing for WiFi.
Norman Hilgendorf: Well, MPG overall will certainly be up as a share of the company. I know we'll see who grows more here.
Norman Hilgendorf: Yes. Surely, when you're talking about 11ac, then that's the WiFi component. And the multi-market group here is supporting WiFi here at RFMD. What's happening with 11ac? First of all, the IEEE standard is being ratified. The schedule is not to ratify 11ac until November of 2013. So what's ship -- actually shipping today is 11n equipment today. And in the industry, there is a lot of activity, though, to develop pre-11ac gear, both in handsets, access points and other equipment, including tablets and even consumer products. So much like you saw with 11n rollout, you saw equipment showing up on the store shelves even before the spec has been ratified. So what we're seeing in 11ac is a lot of activity to finalize the chips -- the base chips and the transceiver chips with the likes of Broadcom and Qualcomm and other folks, who are our channel partners. And those will not really be rolling out probably until early 2013. We would expect to see some volume shipments of 11ac starting in the March quarter of 2013, really, for all the applications.
Norman Hilgendorf: Yes. For WiFi, we love tablets. They're bigger than handsets, so you can get more antennas in there and more transceivers, more bands. So they'll go with multiple-in, multiple-out configuration. So you have multiple WiFi bands, supported typically 4 devices in there versus just 1 or 2. So for WiFi, we see tablet has 2 and typically 2x the contents of other applications.
