Mark J. Murphy: Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone. In the fourth quarter, Qorvo delivered continued year-over-year growth, higher sequential gross margin and EPS in the upper end of our guidance range. Our fourth quarter non-GAAP revenue was $642 million, a year-over-year increase of 6% or approximately $35 million. Mobile Products revenue increased 2% year-over-year to $474 million. IDP revenue increased 18% year-over-year to $168 million on continued growth in defense, Wi-Fi and IoT. Qorvo revenue for the full fiscal year 2017 exceeded $3 billion, up 16% versus fiscal 2016. This exceptional growth reflects our strong technology position, broad market product portfolio, and growing supply capabilities. We expect our technology and product pipeline to continue to drive strong revenue growth in fiscal year 2018. Gross margin in the quarter was 46.2%, a sequential increase of 190 basis points. We expect our positive gross margin trend to continue into the June quarter. Operating expenses were in line with expectations at $163 million and operating income for the quarter was approximately $133 million. Non-GAAP net income was $112 million. Diluted earnings per share was $0.85 or $0.05 over the midpoint of our guidance range. We ended fiscal 2017 EPS at $4.57. Fourth quarter cash flow from operations remains strong at $247 million, over 50% higher than last year. Capital expenditures were $166 million, primarily related to timing of filter capacity additions. Free cash flow was $81 million and cash at quarter-end increased to $545 million. We returned $51 million to shareholders in the quarter under our $500 million share repurchase program. We intend to continue buying as part of an ongoing commitment to return capital to our shareholders. Let's turn to our outlook. In the fiscal year 2018 first quarter, we expect non-GAAP revenue between $610 million and $650 million, gross margin expansion to approximately 47%, a tax rate below 10%, and diluted EPS between $0.70 and $0.90. This guidance reflects normal seasonal effects at our largest customer and weaker than expected near-term China demand. Operating expenses are forecast to increase sequentially approximately $5 million, in part to R&D related custom product development for our largest customer. Our view on full year fiscal 2018 remains positive. We forecast revenue to strengthen through the year. We expect strong revenue growth, along with higher BAW based product mix, higher utilization rates and ongoing productivity and quality improvements to help us achieve our 50% gross margin target exiting fiscal year 2018. We expect OpEx efficiency to continue to improve and forecast operating expenses to be approximately 20% of sales for the year. We are resolute in hitting our operating model of 30% operating margin during the fiscal year 2018. Our non-GAAP tax rate is projected to remain below 10%. CapEx spend in 2018 is currently forecast to decline to around $400 million, as we complete our expansion to support multi-year above market growth for our filter-based products. With strong revenue growth, expanding gross margins, improving OpEx efficiency and lower CapEx, we expect free cash flow to double from fiscal year 2017 to 2018. In summary, for the fourth quarter, we again delivered on our financial commitments. We also made progress on positioning the company for growth and margin expansion. Our newly released BAW 5 technology has immediately gained commercial traction in cellular, Wi-Fi and other applications. This technology, along with our proven design capabilities, is providing us the opportunity to work on the industry's most complex integrated modules and enabling us to participate in the largest and most attractive markets in RF. IDP's portfolio continues to grow more attractive with broad-based exposure to many high growth markets, including 5G, Wi-Fi, automotive, and other IoT. Though we're a bit slower out of the gate than expected due to near-term softness in China demand, our forecast outlook for the full year of fiscal 2018 looks good. Operationally, we continue to make solid progress on yield improvements, wafer size conversions, capacity rationalizations, sourcing initiatives and other productivity efforts to drive margin expansion. We are serving our customers better and performing more consistently and efficiently in the process. We are on track to meeting our operating margin target of 30% and, as mentioned, expect to double free cash flow in fiscal year 2018. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Mark J. Murphy: Harsh, it's Mark. So, the guide we gave in June was 7% to 10% sequential growth off of the 6.30% midpoint we had for the March quarter. So that would have been 6.80%, 6.85%. As you can see from our guide now, we're $50 million, $55 million off that.
Mark J. Murphy: The vast majority of that is China and it's China Mobile specifically, China Mobile our business. About $30 million of it is related to inventory, not at our distributors, but at the end manufacturers that we were unaware of from December. And we became aware of it just recently. And, as a result, it's a $30 million variance to what we thought June would be as the market works through that inventory. Additionally, we talked to you about handset delays. One of those handsets – one of the regional models actually ended up getting canceled. So that was a $10 million impact. And then the remaining $10 million was just we didn't see the recovery after Chinese New Year that we typically had seen. And that was accountable for about $10 million of the variance.
Mark J. Murphy: So, Ed. It's Mark. Still see growth of double-digits in fiscal year 2018. With the slow start in China, I'd say it's closer to 10% at this point. And as you can imagine, there's a lot of – back half of the year, not great visibility on timing and mix, but we still see 10% as a number that we're preparing to build to, based on industry reports and customer demand signals. With that, you can imagine that we would have a sizable ramp June quarter to September quarter at the over 30% sequential growth. And then you'd see a peak in the December quarter and then you'd see normal seasonality in the March quarter down.
Mark J. Murphy: Ambrish, we feel great about the trajectory and the best data point is actuals. And we've beat our gross margin target in the December and March quarters. And even if you add back the issues we had in the September quarter, we were actually very close to our guide there. So, we're in control and steadily increasing our margins. We have a guide with another 80 basis point margin expansion and we see that expansion continuing through the year. As you say, there's a lot of issues with mix and customer ramp timing. And in order to get these productivity or get these margin expansion benefits, there's a lot of productivity programs in flight. But we're doing very well. We still have visibility to 50, but as you point out, there are a lot of risks.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. Blayne, we don't have the total demand signal all the way out through the year, as I tried to make clear. There's still a mix of business. There's still timing of rollout of programs, all sorts of factors. We do believe that September will be over 30% sequential from the June quarter. We do believe, at this point, that December will be a bigger quarter than September. And then we'll see a normal seasonal decline off of – more or less off of December into the March quarter.
Mark J. Murphy: Yes. Well, we, we should stay. And I'm not going to make an OpEx call on every given quarter through the year. We've given full year OpEx guidance. That would suggest we'll stay below $170 million. I mean, this is an investment worth making. So, we're working OpEx down in other areas in order to fund this. And we'll keep OpEx in control. On a year-over-year basis, OpEx as a percent of sales will go down. And I would anticipate that it would go down in future years.
Mark J. Murphy: Yes. There's a lot of – we can modulate CapEx spend based on certain requirements of capacity and again, customer rollout and so forth. And so, I hesitate to give a number on a given quarter. Plus there's just timing of payments and things like that. We paid a bit more in fourth quarter than we thought and gives us more confidence that our actual spend in 2018 will be 400-ish. But I'm not going to call a quarter.
Mark J. Murphy: Yes. Maybe on the percent customers, so we had one 10% or better customer in the March quarter. One was very close. And then, in the June quarter, we expect three 10% customers.
Mark J. Murphy: Yeah. On the first question, going from 46% to 47%, it's a function of just continued traction, number of productivity projects, better yield, higher quality, items such as that. And then on the visibility to 50%, same factors are at play that I laid out, I believe it was November, and three major buckets. Manufacturing-related activities, wafer conversions, yield improvements, other items improve utilization across the fab network and that's happening through the loading which should occur in the second half and then the consolidation of some excess capacity into places like Oregon for GaAs and Texas for GaN. And then just a raft of supply-chain sourcing initiatives in silicon and other areas, gases and chems, and other areas make up the difference along with a number of other productivity programs. And that mix – it changes in any given period, but it's roughly the same as I laid out then.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: All right. Harsh, I'll do my best to answer that. And I'm sure Eric would love to chime in. So let me start with opening comments I made. About 40% of the mobile revenue in FY 2019 or 40% of mobile revenue in FY 2019 will be BAW based. Today, it's under 30%. And we talked about this on the last call and growing in 2018 and growing to about 40%, based on the products that we're working on and the wins that we have. And, Harsh, that's what gives us the confidence to go ahead and continue to invest the capital in BAW. As you know, we made large investments in FY 2017, as Mark outlined, to our capital expenditure in this FY 2018. We will continue to expand our BAW. And, as we mentioned on the prior calls, that we need to get all that qualified before we can really ramp it in FY 2019. So, we have to put the capital in place about a year ahead. And we talked about Farmers Branch. So that's pretty how much all that's going. As far as BAW revenues go, yes, we talked a lot about BAW 5 going into Wi-Fi, also into the cellular. So, many of the phones made in Korea, as well as in China, so, broad-based. The product that I talked about in my opening comments was one of the most challenging and complex that the industry has really seen, is taking very complicated multiplexers that are BAW based, putting them in a module, with power amplifiers, switches and LNAs. Some of those, obviously, Harsh, are on different technologies. So, I hope that answers your question.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, Ed, let me clarify what we implied with Farmers Branch is we put in a single thread of line that we were bringing up in the factory and qualify. That's what's in place and that's what we're working on right now and it's going extremely well. We're seeing distributions in the processing parameters and they're very similar to what we're seeing in Richardson. So that's going well. The capital that we're talking about spending this year will be going into Farmers Branch. So, we're not backing away from that. What we said is the timing of when we're in production will most likely be in FY 2019. That really hasn't changed. And the capital that we spent mostly in winding up right now is finishing the buildout of Richardson. So hopefully that's helpful. And then, Ed, I believe the second question was what percent or coverage do we have of that 40%. Don't have that at my fingertips, Ed. What we did talk about was the BAW based products, some of our high-band products that are going into various customers in China and Korea that's driving a lot of that growth this year and then the following year will be that continuation, along with others, that I talked about.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: And before handing it off to Mark, I mean, Ed, also in James' business in IDP we're seeing the same phenomenon with people wanting to take that coexist filter and put it into the same module. So, we're also – that's beginning to drive our growth there with BAW 5. And I mentioned that in my opening comments as well as it's in the press release.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thanks, Cody (sic) [Ambrish]. And you're right – oh. Sorry, Ambrish. Sorry. You're right about that. It is hard to judge us on one or even two quarters because I think when we look out over the last four quarters, our fiscal year growth of 16% – I think that compares very favorably. The last call when we talked about June, we did share with you guys that we've lost a little bit of share at Huawei. On this call, I did talk about gaining that back. We talked about at Samsung – quite honestly, we said we were going to grow our dollar content, but we didn't think we were going to grow our share. So if you recall, they did talk a lot about their growth at Huawei and Samsung. So that must be what's driving their growth today. But, again, we're confident in our growth. I look at the first two fiscal years that we've grown as a company. We've grown very nicely double-digits and we just said we're going to do it again. So, we're not really trying to compare ourselves to Skyworks. We're saying we're going to grow as fast as the market and sometimes faster. So, we feel good about what we're doing.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: So, Mike, we are seeing the end demand, as Eric pointed out, increasing now. It's just we're depleting that inventory that was at our customers actually in their factories. So, the demand has already started to pick up.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: I think Eric wanted to talk a little bit about Samsung. It was one of the bright spots going forward, so.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Yes. I'm sorry, Quinn. We can't. What I can tell you is that we're excited in the work that we put in in the last couple years of developing an improved BAW 5 process, the work that we've done with the resonator performance demonstrating our ability to design. We talked a lot about hexaplexers, et cetera. That's why we're calling it out. We feel very good about the engagement that we have with our customer on the application. And it's driving some of our OpEx expenses as well. And I think it's worthy of the investors to know that we're out there fighting hard for the hardest product to be produced in the industry for RF, but a very valuable part, very significant dollars per unit, but we're developing it and working hard to go get it. And we thought it was important for investors to understand that.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well, that would be quite challenging when you consider how many fund models our number two and three customers have. But we have a very strong position at Huawei in the mass market phones which usually don't get torn down. And we feel pretty good about that. I also commented that it was a second-half phenomenon. So these phones haven't even been released, some of them. So, I think, from that perspective, it's hard for me to say if you're comparing to what's already shipping and I'm talking about things that are launching in the second half. But we are confident in our ability there. And when we talk about our Samsung, Eric went through the mass tier and how things look there for some phones that they're going to be launching later this year, we feel good about our content there. Also, we said we're going to grow our content. So I don't know if your question was over share or dollars. We're looking at dollars that we can drive and we don't always have visibility into who's winning what on every RF application. But we feel good about our ability to grow our dollars at our second and third, along with our largest customer in the second half of the year.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Clearly, the timing of marquee smartphones definitely impacts our September quarter, so that'll be the majority of it. But as Eric's already commented, we're expecting continued growth at Samsung. I talked about some of the work that we're doing at our Huawei along with some of the rebound that we saw. We said we're already starting seeing end demand in China as well. So, all will be drivers. And let's not leave out IDP. James is having a really good start to the fiscal year as well. So we're expecting IDP to grow. And, James, you want to talk a little bit about that, feel free.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: First, let me say a couple things. One is you are correct. Our utilization is low and it's actually lower than what you said there and that's part of what's going to drive our margins as we continue later on. But we've got a couple things going on there. We are seeing demand increases but as we're doing that we're continuing to reduce our die sizes as well as expand our diameters from 6 to 8. We're just really in the beginning of that as well. But just want to make sure that we're clear that we're seeing the demand increases but we're also expanding the capacity, so utilization doesn't quite go up as you pointed out. But I'll let Eric talk about the end market.
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Well, we can say – in Wi-Fi, I would say it's a little different phenomenon. We're picking up the PA portion, the LNAs and the switches, matching them up to our BAW. So, let's get that one out. For Wi-Fi, it's similarly growing the other way. And then, clearly, as Eric talked about the multiplexers for carrier aggregation and things like that, that's all new revenue for us. I have to think about the other ones. Eric, I don't know if...
Robert A. Bruggeworth: Thank you for joining us tonight. Qorvo is leveraging our unique combination of competitive strengths to address our markets' most complex, most rewarding and fastest-growing opportunities. We're expanding our product portfolios to deliver superior performance and functionality. And our customer engagements are becoming increasingly more collaborative. In fiscal 2018, we expect strong revenue growth, margin expansion, operating leverage, significant EPS growth, and accelerating free cash flow. Thanks again for joining us. Have a good night.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure. Yeah. We're very excited about the Wi-Fi portfolio and have been now for a few quarters for sure as we've seen it outgrowing a lot of our other products. The actual concept of taking our leadership in BAW coexist filters and combining it then with power amplifiers, which is in LNAs, that's sort of one of our first Qorvo products. It came about from the merger. And so we started that development about two years ago. And we're already shipping those, previously. Over the past several quarters, we've been ramping that business. Now the opportunity, though, is to take our BAW 5 technology, which is really groundbreaking for that and put that in the modules. And that's what is now beginning to ramp into production. And you're right. We are seeing just a lot of adoption for that. It really, in some ways, simplifies, lowers the cost and increases the performance in Wi-Fi when you do away with the SiP and go with our solution. So the Chinese manufacturers in particular – some of our leading customers there are really moving that way very rapidly.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yes. Hey, Cody. This is Eric. I'll take that. Percentage of Mobile revenue total China was about 35%, including Huawei, and Huawei was just over 10% of Mobile rev. So, open market China was about 24%, certainly lower than it traditionally is. And then the other question about the visibility into the inventory, yes. So essentially what's happened is, through a lot more closer examination of the sell-through of the channel and looking at GfK reports and so forth and working with the customers – that's where we've uncovered the extra inventory that was being held over. As we began to go through April and saw actual recovery in the end unit of handsets, we saw that our recovery wasn't following. And that's how we were able to peel down and find the extra inventory. I think now we've had enough detailed discussion with our customers, and it's really limited to really just a couple of customers there, that we're expecting a lot stronger ending to the last calendar year. I think we've got very, very good visibility both into the inventory as well as the new models and our design content, which continues to grow and how the rest of the year is going to unfold.
Steven Eric Creviston: There's always opportunities to improve. There's better data there always improving the visibility into that market as it gets bigger. So, we're changing systems and adding tools continuously to try to learn from each of these and tighten up the controls going forward.
Steven Eric Creviston: This is Eric. I'll take that as well. I think we continue to see a lot of exciting trends going on in our customer base in China as we're working very closely with the architectures going forward, going from Phase 2 to 3 to 5 to 6. We continue to see the opportunity to lead there and bring more and more differentiation, actually more dollar content. We see the content itself increasing as they're looking to export to various regions and adding those bands and also adding more carrier aggregation complexity and so forth. But what's uniquely exciting, I think, for Qorvo is as we've progressed through each of these phases of architecture, we have the opportunity to bring in a lot of our leading filter technology like BAW 5, as well as our SAW and TC-SAW portfolio, adding multiplexors and seeing how we can increase our ability to help the customers get to market more quickly. With MediaTek as an example, it kind of leads those phase architectures from 2 through 6 as I mentioned. Every generation we've seen a closer interaction and we believe we've gotten into more and more of a leadership position there. One example of that. We just announced that we've achieved full certification of the first fully integrated module for a MediaTek reference design. That includes all the RF functionality of the main path. It also has a mix of SAW and BAW filters in it covering low, mid and high. Extremely high performance, at least a 40% size reduction and it, of course, helps customers get to market very rapidly. You place the part and you're ready to go. So, overall, the trends – in terms of units we see increases. In terms of content, we see increases and more and more we see that favoring our technology portfolio.
Steven Eric Creviston: So, from what we have visibility into in terms of our content and the architectures and so forth, we have confidence in growing dollar content. And that comment is not tied to any particular split of their platforms.
Steven Eric Creviston: No. We can't really discuss anything along those lines. We're very excited about the work we're doing though. The complexity of the module is phenomenal. It's got more than a dozen BAW filters in it, highly complex combined with all the other RF functionality. It is the single largest opportunity in our space and we've had a long road competing for the right, I think, there to get the technology competitive, get our high order multiple extras (39:50) working and then demonstrate fully functional modules. All that's behind us now. We're in the running for the real business.
Steven Eric Creviston: Well, we are projecting continued growth throughout the fiscal year until the normal seasonality in March.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yes. So actually, Samsung and Huawei both were 10% customers for Mobile in the March quarter. The opportunities at Samsung do continue to grow. We actually grew sequentially in March and we'll grow again sequentially with Samsung in June. So, we have a solid position there, but we're not where we want to be. So we're really focused on turning that around and gaining significant share. We see opportunities to do that certainly by the next flagship launch. Also, some really nice opportunities opening up in the mid-tier in the portfolio, as it begins to move as well towards our strength and really adding complexity and higher performance. So, we're happy with the business with Samsung. We know we can do a lot better and we have visibility into how we're going to do that.
Steven Eric Creviston: This is Eric. I'll take that. There's multiple ways to get there. There's a lot of growing opportunity for BAW and our BAW 5 has got a lot of adoption again across many cellular slots, as well as Wi-Fi, working it into even the China ecosystem as we mentioned. So, there's a lot of ways to get there. There's no question it's a lot easier with this module, but we can get there I think either way.
Steven Eric Creviston: Sure. This is Eric. We should clarify that. This product is in development now and targeting a production launch next calendar year, second half.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yes. So, we are definitely seeing demand for BAW in China, both for Wi-Fi coexist filters as well as for advanced multiplexors and, in some cases, even for other discrete filters. So, what's really going to drive it going forward is the increased complexity and as there's more demand for higher levels of carrier aggregation across more bands so there's more loss. Then the insertion loss of the filters is more important. So, high-performance filters have a premium and the new multiplexers that we're just bringing out right now on BAW 5 are seeing a lot of adoption. They'll be ramping into production later this year.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yes. I don't think that's much of a factor at all. In my mind, I can't come up with any case of that. So, we are replacing our older BAW with our new BAW, but mainly expanding the market. The new BAW is significantly higher performance than our previous. So that's allowing us to kind of bring more functionality and higher performance to the market.
Steven Eric Creviston: Yes. That's a big topic. And, of course, as you know, one of the unique opportunities we have is that we can compete everywhere. So, we have the full suite of technologies needed to address each of these markets and we are trying to align on our best opportunities, not just in terms of dollar growth but also in terms of profit growth and differentiation. So that's where the BAW 5-based products really rise to the top there. And so, our Wi-Fi integrated modules – we already talked about BAW 5. Those are going to be large growth leaders this year. As we focus on higher order multiplexers and then integrating those into modules, one of the cases is the one for China we mentioned with the MediaTek certification. That's got a lot of dollar content. It does have a BAW-based multiplexer at the heart of that thing. So that's going to drive dollar content, a lot of differentiation and profit growth. And then we have these big chunky modules like Bob mentioned, this customer product we're working on that also drive not only a lot of revenue dollars, but an outsized sort of differentiation or profit potential there to leverage the BAW technology. Tuners, though, are another dramatic growth opportunity for us. That's also outgrowing our overall market. We have a highly differentiated position there many years and successive generations of pushing the limits of what can be done. And tuning is really beginning to increase its complexity and its value in the handsets. If you look at 4x4 MIMO, obviously you've got four antennas. There's a lot more tuning challenges. But what's not so obvious is you can use the tuners to actually increase performance in MIMO sort of applications. So, tuner is another great, great growth market for us. And then, of course, as well our envelope tracking power management, very unique opportunity there to enable much better battery life in very complex phone frontends.
