Mary Barra: So Rod – hi, thanks for the question. And as we look at it, we're going to follow the capital allocation framework that we're going to continue to invest in opportunities that allow us to generate returns -- return on invested capital of greater than 20%, maintain an investment-grade balance sheet and then return the balance to shareholders. We talked about a lot of pull ahead and acceleration to our EV strategy. And as we work through that, we will follow that. We'll look for those good investments, and then we'll follow the capital allocation framework. So think in February, it's a little early to look at that, but we'll provide more guidance through the year on that.
Mary Barra: John, I think as we look, we see there's a huge first-mover opportunity to go and provide an exceptional customer experience. And so we're going to -- we do think there's tremendous margin potential in this business, but we also think growth is really important. So, you'll see us balance that in the early days to really get a foothold -- a solid foothold in a leadership position. So, down the road, we see tremendous profit, but we're going to really -- we're going to scale fast.
Mary Barra: Today, we're getting those from LG. But as we look, we're going to ramp up those plants as quickly as we can with one coming online on 2022, one on 2023 and then one late 2024 and one yet to be announced. So we're going to accelerate those as fast as we can. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've already found ways to add capacity from an operating perspective and efficiencies in the plant. So we're just going to keep going full out because we see the opportunity for substantial EV volume growth in this period of time.
Mary Barra: Well, I think we’re working to expand our capability to accelerate all of those models. As I said, we're just seeing such strong demand, and that's caused the team to really go back and look and say, okay, let's double down and go faster from an acceleration perspective. Clearly, the cells will be something that we'll look to grow as well. One of the reasons why we're announcing the battery plant that we already did in Michigan, and we'll shortly be announcing the fourth battery plant, as well as continuing to work with LG. So we're focused right now not on trade-offs, but on enabling as many as we can during this period of time. And you heard me say that between 2022 and 2023, we want to – our plan is to have over 400,000 EVs into market in North America. And we're just going to keep working to improve that. And I have a lot of confidence in the GM team that when you give them a clear challenge, they rise to the occasion.
Mary Barra: So Adam, we're going to go for both. And from a General Motors perspective, I think when you look at how we've approached the technology and the investments we've made in Ultium and how we're looking at the portfolio, a full portfolio, because again, if you look at – and by the way, we think several of those models are going to be over 100,000 units or more than that as we do that. So I really would say, Adam, we're going for both. And it's one thing when you're looking at the market when it's 2%, 3%, 5%. We're looking by 2030 to be in the 40% to 50% adoption and to do that, you've got to meet the customer where they're at. And that's why you look at the Equinox and how significant that can be, the more affordable EV that we're going to be doing that really gets into another very important part of the market. So you have to have the proper market coverage. Otherwise, the customer is going to have to make trade-offs. And because of GM's capability -- at General Motors at any one point in time, we have almost 100 programs in flight, meaning in concept to being launched. That's the capability the GM team has. So we're moving with the speed of a start-up with, I think, industry-leading technology in a platform, but we're also then leveraging the capability that GM has to attract and gain share and grow because of the vehicles that we'll have that meet their needs.
Mary Barra: Sure. So Adam, we're already putting new battery packs into existing Bolt EVs and EUVs. We wouldn't be doing that if we didn't have confidence. The LG technical team and the GM team have worked together, we believe, as we said before, that it was very rare manufacturing defects that caused the issue. And if you look at the low number of issues we had yet the, the extraordinary action that we took with recalling the entire population, that's our commitment to safety. And so we have found the issues. We've put a lot more robust processes into the manufacturing process and change the way the processing is to make sure we don't have that issue. I'd also note that, that was rich learnings that we had from our LG partners that have been incorporated into Ultium. So again, the experience that we've had of selling Bolt EVs for a while in Bolt EUVs, all of that learning is translated in -- and gives me great confidence in the quality of the Ultium platform and the packs that we're putting into the Bolt EVs and EUVs right now. 
Mary Barra: Yes. Emmanuel, thanks for the question. What we're sharing is what we see with the work that we've done with all of the semiconductor manufacturers and our plans for this year. So, of course, and Paul said, if there's significant COVID disruptions or other natural disasters, that could have an impact. But we're pretty -- we're seeing -- definitely seeing improvement in first quarter over fourth quarter. We saw fourth quarter better than third quarter. And we really see with the plans we have in place now, by the time we get to third and fourth quarter, we're going to be really starting to see the semiconductor constraints diminish. So, that's what we're working to achieve across all of our platforms and across the globe, frankly, with all of our suppliers, but that's our best current outlook that we're sharing.
Mary Barra: Yes. Emmanuel, I have always said and the belief that's held by, I'd say, the Cruise Board and the GM Board that we're going to do what's in the best interest of shareholders to create long-term value. And we do see that a capital raise event is something that we need in the near term. We're – Cruise is well capitalized and has strong financial support from its investors. GM is well funded. And so we don't really think we need to raise additional funds at this time. We also are committed to making sure we have competitive compensation packages at Cruise to attract and retain the best and the brightest talent to achieve the objectives and our growth initiatives here. So my answer would be we're always going to look and do what's in the best interest. But as we look now, we're in the first chapter, and there's still so much that can be accomplished with a frictionless environment between Cruise and GM. And that's what we're really focused is getting the technology out safely and then really growing at a pace where we can have leadership.
Mary Barra: Yes. Well, so I mean I think when we look at what Ultium is providing, first of all, it's going to give us scale. And we do think as we get the full portfolio of Ultium launch, we're going to see that scale, and it's going to give us an advantage from a -- from an overall margin perspective. But specifically for the Silverado EV, leveraging Ultium, we have longer range, 400-plus miles, faster charging, better towing capability. And I think you have to really look at this as opposed to -- I know there's been some focus on the miles per kilowatt hour, and we haven't put all the specs out and it's going to get a very -- with a lot of features that you choose, I mean, we very carefully look to say, what are we going to provide for the customer? What does the customer want in this segment? What's important to them? And when you look at more range, faster charging, more -- this is more capability in the real world, then when you look at the Ultium platform, also, it gives us the opportunity to have a mid-gate, which gives much more flexibility, also being able to drive these trucks that people are going to see the benefit of a fully integrated battery pack and body structure, which gives us a mass advantage as well as, we think, superior vehicle dynamics. So -- and then from an Ultium perspective, the other thing I would say as it relates to the truck portfolio, it's going to give us an opportunity to have a full truck portfolio faster. And as we've seen over the last couple of years, think about when we rolled out this current generation of trucks, we went high feature and high value. And we've grown our truck share capability. So, we know that truck customer, there's some that want high value, some that want high feature. Ultium is going to give us the opportunity to again delight the customer with what they're specifically looking for as opposed to 1 or 2 point solutions off of a retrofitted platform.
Mary Barra: Well, again, as I said, we have been working closely with our supply base with the Tier 1s as well as the semiconductors. We said last year that we were going to work deep into the tiered base and understand the capabilities. We were hit pretty hard last year third quarter with Malaysia because it just so happened that the facilities that have a lot of GM business happened to be hard hit by COVID, and you saw the losses we suffered there. So, I think that's a bit of it. But this is our best estimate with the detailed work that we've been doing all last year and this year. Now, we still get surprises and then we work to solve those issues either with an engineering solution or making trade-offs between vehicles. We believe we're going to continue to do that. But what we're sharing with you is based on everything we know today, based on the commitments of the supply base and barring some major COVID disruption or some major natural disasters, supply chain disruption, this is what we think we're going to be able to do.
Mary Barra: And the only thing I'd add, Paul, is that when you look at the new full-size trucks, with the enhancements that we've made, and frankly, even offering some further up-level models, I think that's just another huge opportunity for us. So I think this is going to be a positive year for that. And again, we focus on those vehicles that we have no – we're already running full out. So we have no capacity to make up, which kind of puts a little more color onto what Paul said about where the opportunity to add this year is.
Mary Barra: I don't know, if there's anything normal right now, when you look at all of the challenges that the industry is still facing. As Paul said, we think we've got a large pent-up demand especially for GM vehicles and strong full-size trucks coming out. We continue to see just incredibly strong demand for our full-size SUVs and midsize crossovers. So I think it's too early to declare normal when we're still impacted by the semiconductor shortage. They're still buying behavior as an outcome of COVID and some of the support that was provided. So I think it's going to take a little while before we declare normal.
Mary Barra: Yeah. That's a midterm type of solution. Clearly, it's full speed ahead of working with the partners that we announced and getting to the families. And so reducing complexity, which we think will allow us to secure supply in addition to the relationships that we're creating with these strategic partners. But that's a midterm solution, not a short-term solution.
Mary Barra: Thanks, Jordan, and thanks, everybody, for your questions. I want to close again by thanking the GM team broadly, including the GMF team, our union partners, our dealers and our suppliers. The work that they did together, seizing opportunities, addressing challenges is what allowed us to have this record performance. And we take that collaboration and problem solving agility and resiliency into 2022, and we apply that to continuing to accelerate our EV transformation, the work in software and, of course, supporting our Cruise company as well. So I couldn't be more excited about 2022 and what the year and how it can unfold. I hope you see and you see the clear sense of determination that we have, and we will move even faster to deliver on our commitments and achieve the growth that we know is right in front of us. So, I want to assure you that we'll keep you updated every step of the way, but '22 is going to be an exciting year. Thank you.
Paul Jacobson: Hey John, good afternoon. Thanks for the question. What I would say that for 2022, it's largely more of a function of what we continue to believe is large pent-up demand for new vehicles that hasn't been met in 2021 because of some of the production challenges. Certainly, what we saw as we were able to complete those vehicles, there was a little bit more going through the system of production. And as we talked about in the prepared remarks, those vehicles continue to sell very, very rapidly. So, despite the production increases we saw in Q4, we're still not really building inventory that much. And I think that's going to probably continue throughout the year with largely showing up in transit rather than on lot. That's really on the consumer, and I think that's the short-term. When you think about CarBravo, I would think about it in terms of the volume and the access to inventory that we have through GM Financial, through the dealer network. It really is unprecedented level that gives customers much, much better choice and variety across the country. And we can do this in a coordinated fashion largely because of where we are with vehicles coming off lease, the GM Financial inventory across the board. So, we actually see this as a really, really strong opportunity in and of itself to expand the customer relationship and the entire sort of universe of the customer that we're working through, and we talked about at Investor Day.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Keep in mind, John, that we announced last year that GM Financial has committed to a $5 billion line of credit to help finance the Origin. So, I think when we look at capital for expansion as well as for the continued development, we're not seeing any constraints in that at all. Cruise is very well capitalized. They're very well prepared for the expansion phase as they continue to roll this out and achieve their milestones.
Paul Jacobson: Thanks Itay. What I would say is that what we see right now and what we continue to see is a really, really strong consumer preference, especially as they're buying up on features and amenities. We see that across the board in in the Denali brands, high-country brands, et cetera, that I think it's going to continue to pay big dividends for us as we roll out the new vehicles going forward. So, without getting into specifics on vehicle margins and profitability, we're very excited about what that's going to bring and we think that the consumer is going to be really, really positive around them.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Emmanuel, 25% to 30% is a global production number. So there's some in the US, and there's some in the GM international as well.
Paul Jacobson: Yeah. Hi, Dan, thanks for the question. What I would say is this is very much a midpoint convention guide as we're thinking this. Obviously, we've expanded the range over prior years, which I think is a reflection of the volatility that we've seen in the place. I would be careful about extrapolating too much across kind of the profitability from the incremental vehicles as we talked about and very intentional in the prepared remarks, a lot of that incremental volume is coming in at a lower contribution than what we've seen from the full-size trucks and SUVs going forward. That's just where the capacity is for us going forward. So what I would say is, with a really robust consumer and a strong continued environment, we would probably trend towards the high end of that. But we have a lot of volatility. So to the extent that we see consumer weakness, we see more supply chain pressure, we see more disruption in the global logistics platform that impacts production, then we could be at the lower end of the number. But we wanted to give a range that was focused around the midpoint of our expectation, as well as gave some comfort and some deference to the volatility that we see.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. On the permit, we still have 5 out of the 6 necessary permits to operate a fared rideshare service. So as of today, all of the rides are free. And we filed the last -- the application for the last remaining permit in November last year, and we continue to work with the CPUC, California Public Utilities Commission, and answer questions they have about that application as they pop up. So stay tuned for more news on that.
Paul Jacobson: And Colin, if I can just add to that. I think understand some of the skepticism, especially based on the volatility and where others are going forward. But this is why we wanted to add the point in there about where we see Q1. We're coming off of a lower baseline in the second half of the year, largely because of the impact that Mary mentioned. But the run rate that we've seen sequentially from 3Q to 4Q to 1Q is giving us a heightened level of confidence. It doesn't mean that things won't pop up. But certainly, what we're seeing in the very, very near term is giving us a little bit more confidence. And I think the general consensus is that things will be more stable in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year. So that's kind of how we're extrapolating our expectations.
Paul Jacobson: Well, thanks for the question, Ryan. I think we continue to just see and have talked all through 2021 about the strength of the consumer and the strength of the new models, especially in the full-size trucks and SUVs and how customers were buying up for them. So that -- there's nothing that's changed underlying in the consumer from that standpoint, The comment that we made in the prepared remarks was largely a function of the increased volume because we were running full out on a lot of the full-size trucks and SUVs. There really a lot of the unmet production or underutilized production or underutilized production that was hit in 2021 was in the crossover smaller SUVs and sedans. So by definition, that's where a lot of the production increases and volume increases are going to be in 2022. I don't think that that changes mix. We're going to see – continue to watch that with the consumer going through 2022, and it's something that we can adjust on the fly as we see that going forward. But no reason to believe that, the strength of the consumer is deteriorating from what we saw in 2021.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Stephen, it's Paul. So what I would say is it's a little bit lumpy between now and then because if you think about the trajectory, the number one priority and foundation that we're building is getting the EV fleet out there. So you're going to see a lot of the revenue growth really driven by EVs over the next few years. And as you get into the latter half of the decade, and you've got the Ultifi platform out there and growing that foundation through electric vehicles, you're going to start to see what we think is going to be a pretty quick ramp-up in the software. So the revenue growth is going to be a little bit more steady, especially as we look at what Cruise is doing going forward. The margin performance is probably -- lags a little bit because some of the higher margin revenue opportunities from software and the connected vehicles are going to be -- are going to come after we get that foundation built in the latter part of the decade.
