Mary Teresa Barra: Good morning, Brian. So, first, I think with the Opel/Vauxhall transaction, we've said that – and with the announcements that we made in India and South Africa, that we believe we're in the right market. We have a very strong franchise in South America and as I said in my opening remarks, we're going to continue to work to improve performance and efficiency in each country and by segment. So from a where we intend to play, I think that outlines that. When you look specifically at passenger cars, recall we just launched the compact and midsize architectures, the Chevrolet-branded Malibu and Cruise, a very, very efficient architecture that we believe will get two-plus lifecycles out of because of the design of that architecture. So we think we're well positioned. And although to your point, we are seeing smaller car segments and the impact of consumers choosing crossovers and trucks and SUVs, to a certain extent around the globe, we feel – and I'm not going to go into specifics of outlining the entire product portfolio, but we have taken a very much an over-the-horizon look of where we think that's going. We have very efficient architectures that are installed. And so I think we can leverage that very effectively to be well-positioned as the market continues to transform. As we talk, we also have very strong SUVs and crossovers that we're rolling out first half of this year, continue to do that in the second half. So I think we're going to be well-positioned to capitalize on that growth and then well-positioned from a car perspective. Finally, from an emerging market, those China, South America, Mexico, and some of the other more developing markets recall that we have made the investment in our global emerging markets platform that will have a range of vehicles coming off that – and this is a purposely designed architecture from a safety perspective, from an efficiency perspective, from a fuel economy perspective that we think will also be very well-positioned in those markets. So, again, we've looked at where we think the market is going and the trends are consistent with what we believe and the investments we've made in the plans that we have.
Mary Teresa Barra: We haven't broken that out, specifically, but what I would say is that I believe we are making the right investments from an electrification, and looking to really have platforms that go from eAssist to plug-in hybrids to full electric vehicles. And looking at that holistically across the portfolio. So that's the comment I would make but we're not breaking that out.
Mary Teresa Barra: And from an auto 2.0, as you look at specifically autonomous vehicles, of course, built on which we think is the most efficient platform on the all-electric vehicles. So leveraging the Bolt EV platform, I think we are moving aggressively in the development of that technology. As I noted, that we built the next 130 vehicles that we are in the process of deploying onto roads in San Francisco, Scottsdale, and Metro Detroit, leveraging manufacturing at scale methods to be able to build those vehicles. So when I look at where we're at, we're working aggressively at leveraging the assets General Motors brings to this, also learnings that we have from Maven. You know, we've talked about the true opportunity in this business which we think will first come in ridesharing. And we think that can be significant and then grow even further. We haven't sized that yet, but I would say we're working very aggressively on auto 2.0 to make sure we have substance and technology that we believe will generate significant shareholder value. And as we move forward, we'll be able to size that and put some milestones and timing around that. So I would say stay tuned.
Mary Teresa Barra: Itay, we definitely are working to improve that. I think first, we want to make sure we achieve the $6.5 billion and I think as Chuck said, we're well on track to do that. But the specific work that we're referencing is, as the Opel/Vauxhall transaction closes, we're looking at, how do we take structure and simplify the way we work and out of the company? And that work is actively going on right now and we'll continue to work that through the end of the year. That I think provides additional opportunity. And as Chuck said, achieving the $6.5 billion, but with the operational excellence toolset and mind-set that we're rolling out to the entire company about constantly improving the business, and we've had a very successful deployment where we have our top 1,600 people engaged in running projects. I think you're going to see a continual cost efficiency improvement mind-set as a company. But I'm not ready to take it up further from the $6.5 billion now, but I think as we move forward you'll see us continue to increase that number or set a new target once $6.5 billion is achieved
Mary Teresa Barra: So on the updates. We have done over-the-air updates primarily to the OnStar system. We are in the process of deploying a new electrical architecture which is a pretty comprehensive undertaking, and that's well underway and being deployed as well as a whole new generation of infotainment systems. So you'll see us have that capability as we move forward. Right now it's pretty much limited to updates from an OnStar basis
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, in our data monetization, I agree with you that the opportunity is there. I would say we are just in the initial steps of not only leveraging the data to provide more value to customers. You know, one of the assets that we have that will – is actually in touch right now so it will be leveraged shortly, is active health management of being able to assess different components in the vehicle and be able to alert customers ahead of time, schedule them for their vehicle to be fixed, unlock the door with OnStar. So really – and then fix the vehicle, lock it back up. That capability that is near-term that we have and will be deploying. So I think there is this segment around the data to how do you use data that we get from the vehicle and because we have the largest connected fleet to improve the customer experience and therefore pull people to our vehicles. And then the second piece, as you indicated, is more of a B2B opportunity. And I don't have any specific examples that I'm going to share right now but I can tell you we're actively working both internally and externally. We just hired a Chief Data Officer into the company, started this month and so there's quite a bit of work going on. You'll hear more as we go forward but I think we're seeing monetization through OnStar with different activities. And like you said, insurance is one but there's additional framework. We recently also launched OnStar Go with IBM and that creates a marketplace that's able to be customized for our specific passengers or consumers. So more to come on this, Adam, and I agree with you of the opportunity and we've got to seize it.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, as I look at potential changes in the rules, we have a very strong partner with SAIC, been very productive and are working together and I think it's been demonstrated in our market performance, we do joint development. A big portion of the global emerging-market platform that work is being done in China. So we've integrated the PATAC Center. So as I look at regulatory changes or rule changes from a China perspective, this isn't one on the top of my list because I think we work together well and I think there's benefits to that. What I am looking for is to make sure that we have a level playing field and that we have rules that are aligned with the timing required to effectively implement from an automotive company perspective. When you look at some of the latest rulemaking around electrification, being implemented now and being rolled out now with implementation next winter, that's a pretty short timeline to effectively and efficiently meet those requirements. So that would be something I'd look for before I'd look for relaxing of the 50%.
Mary Teresa Barra: Clearly the – we believe that most efficient way to execute autonomous vehicles is with the pure EV, that's why we are using our Bolt EV platform. And we think it allows for more efficient integration to the vehicle. We do believe in a sensor suite that LIDAR is a part of its solution to have the right sensing to provide the right safety level.
Mary Teresa Barra: So, first on Super Cruise, recall that we actually held that technology till we did appropriate validation, the 160,000 miles that we talk about, I'll say, would be final validation. That was substantially more work done from the Super Cruise development, testing and validation for the company to feel that it met our requirements from a safety perspective to launch into the public. From an autonomous vehicle perspective, miles driven is certainly a factor, but it's not the only factor, because what is the quality of the miles driven? Right now, to our knowledge, we're the only one testing our autonomous vehicles in Downtown San Francisco, which is a pretty dense urban environment with a lot more, I'll say, opportunities to learn from different situations. So it's not just the miles traveled. It's the quality of those miles in the number of incidents that you're exposed to that the vehicle learns. And so although we don't have a very specific mile, there's quite a bit of work we're doing, even with agencies or groups outside of the company to put that together. As we move forward, we'll share, because as we understand it today with the NHTSA requirements for U.S., a big portion of the guidelines they put out is to demonstrate how you're measuring, and then share that as they look at authorizing, pulling the driver out of the vehicle. So there's quite a bit of work going on there. So I would say it's much more involved than just miles traveled. And that's what we're working on right now, and we'll share more as we go forward.
Mary Teresa Barra: I don't think it affects it. The partnership that we have with Lyft was never exclusive for either Lyft or for General Motors. We're quite far along in our autonomous vehicle development based on the fact that shortly we'll have 180 vehicles testing. I don't know if you've had a chance to see the different videos that we posted of the capability of our autonomous vehicles to date that grows frankly on a weekly basis. So we still think the opportunity to deploy in a ridesharing. And the reason for that is as you first have electric vehicles as the capability will go up in those vehicles from the speed at which they can travel, the different circumstances, tunnels, et cetera, that the vehicle is capable of learning. So integrating in a shared fleet – in a ridesharing fleet I think allows to get the best exposure for the vehicle to keep learning as we go forward, but I would say that's in the early stages of sub-deployment. So again, we have a good relationship with Lyft and we think that opportunity presents itself, but that's how we see it playing out right now, and again, understand their work that they're doing on their own as well.
Mary Teresa Barra: I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We believe the strong results we reported today reflect on our ongoing work to transform GM into a more focused and disciplined company. This team has demonstrated quarter after quarter that it has the right mindset to capitalize on opportunities, make the hard decisions, overcome headwinds, and meet our commitments all with integrity. We're going to continue to take bold and decisive actions to execute our strategic plan and that's in the core business or Auto 1.0 where we're working to make sure we have the right product portfolio as we move forward, as well as the very, very efficient business on all aspects. And then from a future of personal ability, or Auto 2.0, we are taking very deliberate steps and working, I'd say, quite aggressively to make sure that we leverage all the assets we bring to this equation. We believe we can translate that into significant shareholder value and that's what we're focused on doing. So again, thanks for participating.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes, I would say, Rod, to your first question on the cost performance and the fixed cost performance in North America, there is very little engineering in there at this point in time. As you know, with the launch cadence of the crossovers here and then leading into the full-size pickup, the next-generation SUVs, we're probably at the peak from an engineering spend perspective and North America absorbs a pretty significant chunk of that. Where we're seeing the fixed cost opportunities are in manufacturing, SG&A, and you know, the non-engineering pieces of the business and consistent with our $5 billion run rate, and really being supported and driven with operational excellence at Global Business Services and a lot of focus from our manufacturing perspective. When I think about North America next year, and I don't know if the drivers of your question are specific to fix costs or specific to kind of the continued run rate at 10%, clearly our product launch cadence is going to be supportive. We're going to continue to drive efficiency across the board wherever we can find it from a cost standpoint. I would expect to see engineering costs, over the next couple of years, start to wind down as we work our way through this very large portfolio launch cadence that we have in front of us here in 2017, 2018 and 2019. We still have opportunities in manufacturing for sure. When you look at benchmarking on where we stand versus harbor from a productivity perspective. So, I think that we're going to continue to very much focus on driving efficiency across the board, not just fixed cost but commercial performance, quality, warranty, the whole nine yards because I think there's opportunities across all of those in North America. And we're seeing some of the benefit in the first half of this year across all of those dimensions.
Charles K. Stevens: Not at this point. In July, I would say, again, we've delivered $5 billion of efficiency through the second quarter against our $6.5 billion target through 2018. That's overall level. Clearly, most of that accrues to North America. We expect to achieve that $6.5 billion. So that will kind of size up that run rate but to get into the specifics at a North American by component perspective, not at this point beyond. We're very much on track on that $6.5 billion and the vast majority of that will accrue to North America. And we had said before that roughly half of that would fall to the bottom line, right? Net of incremental investment, marketing, D&A, technology. So there will be a benefit to North America from that perspective.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, let me speak specifically to OnStar. And Mary will talk to Cruise slash autonomous vehicles. As we've talked about before, yes, OnStar is generating revenue. We don't disclose that separately. It continues to grow. What we have said was we expected to see improved profitability rolling through North America of roughly $0.5 billion by the 2018, 2019 timeframe associated with the growth of OnStar. I'd say we're still executing to that. Feels more like a 2019 timeframe and that was compared to 2015. So, we expect to see some accretion from a earnings perspective on OnStar. And that is, obviously, taking full advantage of 4G LTE, our revenue share with AT&T, and the services that we provide, application framework, et cetera, et cetera. But that's still what we're executing to.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes, I would say, first, from a credit perspective, the overall headline numbers are improving and that's a function of mix as we take on more prime business. But I would say within that, GMF continues to perform very well. Subprime, we have been relatively flat-lined on our subprime business over the last number of years and haven't grown that. And we perform, actually, better than the market does from a subprime perspective. So overall, stable results from a credit perspective. Clearly, we grew revenue in the quarter as we continue to grow our prime business and that drove a fairly significant portion of the improvement. We continue to be very focused on operating expense and that was a benefit in the quarter as well. As I said earlier in my comments, though, we do expect to see that run rate moderate in the second half of the year. Clearly, the used-car pricing and the impact on residuals was more, maybe not clearly, but I'll provide that perspective. Now is more backend loaded into the second half of the year. We're still guiding around a 7% reduction on a year-over-year basis in 2017 versus 2016 and further moderation in 2018, and we want to make sure we mark to that as we go through the year. With that said, I would still expect to see overall performance improve on a year-over-year basis, solid improvement at GM Financial and another driver is we're growing our business in China as well and that's flowing through GMF from a equity income perspective. And that's going to provide a year-over-year tailwind as well.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes, I would say they're not in discontinued ops. It's comparable on a year-over-year basis. I think one of the benefits that we saw in the second quarter was the sale of our East Africa business and we picked up a reasonable gain on that $40 million, partially offset by some charges we took related to Uzbek. I'd say there was some timing, too, relative to the flows of production into the Middle East. Very little run rate savings associated with the restructuring actions. I would expect to see those play out in 2018. We will continue to lean out the Singapore headquarters office as we move through the end of this year and complete those restructurings in India and South Africa as we move through this year. And as we indicated, we would expect to see about $100 million a year run rate improvement. With that said, we still have plenty of work to do in our consolidated operations. The Middle East remains challenging and it is pretty volatile right now when you look at the industry conditions there. We have to continue to focus on cost efficiency in Korea. We're starting to stabilize our business in Australia. We expect to see some improved results in Southeast Asia, but we still have plenty of work to do in the remaining operations but we see a path to continue to improve that.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. As we've been talking about earnings cadence since earlier this year and the expected downtime in the U.S., North America. And as I generally look at the consensus view of the second half of the year, I think we're in line from a overall cadence perspective, as I said back in January and talked about a couple of times in Office Hours, we would expect Q3 to be our weakest quarter of the year with 13-weeks of downtime in mid crossovers and full-size pickups, and then see a recovery in the fourth quarter. I think that same trend will impact free cash flow. I think Q3 will be relatively weak from the free cash flow perspective. And then we'll see a pickup in Q4 with improved earnings, and as we wind back up our pipeline, obviously that will have a favorable impact on payables. So those are the broad strokes. Itay, again, mostly being impacted – when I look at second half versus first half, the biggest driver is volume. And the biggest driver of that volume is North America and the downtime that we've talked about consistently, and that's what's going to drive the cadence.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes, I would say that we're going to remain disciplined from an incentive perspective as we go through the second half of the year. The first lever that I would pull, and this is Chuck Stevens speaking. The North American team will probably have their own perspectives but the first lever I would pull would be the production lever to ensure that we align supply and demand. We do not want to damage the brand. Clearly, there is a shift in passenger cars to crossovers but the compact segment is still a big segment here. And we still want to continue to improve the financial performance of those cars at whatever buy-in levels that we sell. And we want to reach kind of a natural demand so that we can get our manufacturing footprint, and logistics, and supplier footprints all aligned around that. So I would say we're going to pull the production lever. With that said, we will be competitive, but certainly wouldn't anticipate significant price moves or incentive moves from that perspective.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. I would say broadly speaking what we expect to see is better sales in the second half versus the first half, which is kind of the way the industry runs. Within that perhaps marginally better passenger car, but we're certainly not counting on a recovery. Obviously, our launch cadence is pretty critical from our perspective with all the new crossovers that we're launching, and that's going to help in the second half of the year. But we're not – we will take production out to align supply and demand on passenger cars wherever that demand lands.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. I think you're drawing the conclusion that we have fundamentally reduced our guidance, or used the European dynamic to offset other impacts. If you start at the top, and say on a continuing ops basis, we haven't changed our guidance on EBIT or margins, that would lead you to we haven't changed. And in fact, we've probably improved our guidance on EPS. It's in the range of $6 to $6.50 and still in the range of $6 to $6.50, but you guys can do the math and the impact of excluding Europe is probably depending on whose model you pick, $0.12 to $0.15 a share. We're still in that range, so we didn't change the guidance, but certainly if again, starting at EBIT and EBIT margins, we expect to be greater than or equal to 2016 results on a continuing ops basis.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, we work with our partners across the value chain on a day-to-day basis. I think we get into a slowdown thing. The first thing is to take full advantage of driving as much efficiency as you can in the things that you control. And what we control directly, to a large extent, is our own cost base and our own fixed cost. And that's where, as you know, we have significant leverage, much more so than we did back in 2008 and 2009. And as we've talked about before, we believe there's $3 billion to $4 billion of cost efficiency that we could drive as we entered a downturn, assuming it was a 25% downturn. We work continuously with our suppliers. We've been strategically engaged with our suppliers over the last number of years. You look at the commercial and technical performance that we've been generating and as a big part of that $5 billion that we've generated to date, that's because of our relationship with the suppliers, much different than it used to be in the past. Work, bring their best ideas to the table, innovate. So I'm sure if we were in a challenging environment, we would work it with our suppliers. We worked with our dealers in 2008 and 2009. I'm sure we would continue to work with our dealers on a go-forward basis. One example of that is when we had the challenges back in 2014. We never lost any share. The dealers repaired millions of vehicles while taking care of customers, while continuing to help us achieve our business objectives, and that's a strong partnership. The other thing I would say is in a downturn and we don't talk about it a lot, customer care and aftersales is countercyclical and that will help us to keep our earnings robust and outperform going through the downturn, as well. So again, a number of levers to pull, a number of partnerships we'd certainly want to leverage as we go into it, and we leverage those today.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes, we expect that there's a pricing opportunity in the near term and clearly in the second half of the year. When you look at second half of 2017 versus second half of 2016, we think price is going to be a tailwind for us from a crossover launch perspective. But I'd also agree with you in the medium term that there's likely to be margin compression in the crossover segment, especially the small and compact. Mid-crossover, I think there's a few less competitors, but in the small and compact segments. And again, that's why we're so focused on driving cost efficiency and taking advantage of our scale from that perspective because we anticipate price erosion as we move through the lifecycle of these vehicles and margin compression, at least from a pricing perspective.
Charles K. Stevens: In Q2, we were at 31%. The industry was about 30%. We're generally in line with where we were last year and in the first quarter, so we're running generally at industry levels. June, we came down to 29%, so on a downward trajectory. I think we're reasonably comfortable in the 25% to 30% range depending on the dynamics. So again, running at industry levels, been relatively consistent over the last number of quarters. Probably at the top end of where we want to be from a leasing perspective and we'll work to bring that down, especially as rates increase, then subvented financing has a tendency to pick up as well.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes, I would say that early days, right? We're in July. We're certainly operating in an environment right now kind of month-to-month to see how the U.S. industry develops, but I would say all else being equal, we would expect to see more truck downtime next year versus this year. But by the same token, we will have incremental opportunities for compact and mid-crossovers next year because we've got significant downtime. But if I was providing an outlook right now, I would say probably production volume is going to be down in 2018 versus 2017 given the downtime. But I still, again, in July still would suggest that North America in a 17 million-ish SAAR environment is a 10%-plus EBIT margin company next year as well, absent some unexpected events.
Charles K. Stevens: Help me with a little bit of context on that. I just was looking at a double-digit decline in production for full size pickups next year for General Motors.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. Again, it's early days as we think about next year and I would say built in kind of the baseline plan at this point in time when we think about the incremental downtime next year, could we be off 10% production next year versus this year? Yes, that's a possibility, but I think it's just too early at this point in time because we always are looking at trying to optimize the timing and the amount of downtime that we have related to launch cadence. So surely we will provide more visibility around that as we close out the year and early next year. Again, I would just return to my earlier comment and similar to the comment I made for 2017, the North American business model is proving to be very resilient to some of the challenges that we're facing. We believe this year we will generate 10%-plus EBIT margins based on our first look at 2018 under a reasonably constructive macro environment. We believe that we'll continue to generate 10%-plus EBIT margins. There will be puts and takes. More visibility around that as we move through this year and get a better sense of where the market is heading.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I think it's a bit of both. Largely, the production, because just to give you the data points, last year we ended at 980,000 units of inventory. We want to be in the 800,000 to 825,000 at the end of this year. That would equate, based on our view of the industry, to somewhere in the ZIP Code of 70-day supply. So a significant portion, the majority is going to be production cuts but we also grow share generally in the second half the year because trucks, generally, you sell 60% of those in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. So obviously, we expect to see – and by the way, with our launch cadence as well, we expect to see some sales performance but the vast majority of the reduction in inventory will be related to production cuts.
