Daniel F. Akerson: Thanks, Dan. I'll keep my closing comments very brief because I think the highlights speak for themselves. Sales increased, so did our pricing power. EBIT adjusted and EBIT adjusted margins both improved, and so did our cash flow. Going forward, our plan is to deliver results like this but with a bit more balanced scorecard. That means all 4 regions must become solidly and reliably profitable.  I believe we'll get there. It's going to be purely a function of execution, execution on process improvement and complexity reduction and flawlessly executed vehicle launches. All told, we have more than 20 major product launches in 2012. The Cadillac ATS and XTS in the North America will be entering segments where we don't compete today, and the ATS represents a serious challenge to the hegemony of the BMW 3 Series in the compact luxury segment.  In Europe, we're introducing the Opel Mokka, a small crossover, which will feature 2 small gasoline engines and diesel engines, equipped with stop-start technology and will be available with state-of-the-art comfort and safety features.  At IO -- GMIO, one of the major launches is the Chevrolet Sail in India. The Sail is the first passenger car developed by Shanghai GM and the Pan Asia Technical Automotive Center. Major global launch is the new Chevrolet Colorado, which based -- which is based on an all-new midsize truck architecture developed by GM Brazil. Eventually, it will be on sale in 60 markets around the world, including the United States.  All this product activity should lead to growth. And with our new business model and significantly lower risk profile, it will improve our profits and our cash flow generation as well.  Thank you, and now we'll open the line for questions.
Daniel F. Akerson: Yes, let's talk about overall in general. I think that on a go-forward basis, we'll see our fleet penetration continue to come down marginally from 26%, down into the low 20% to 23% ranges. We launched new products that have traditionally been daily rental fleet products, like the new Impala that was mentioned earlier, which is a pretty high penetrating fleet. At the same time, we're trying to improve our mix between daily rental and commercial, government fleet. And that competitor that you mentioned has been very, very aggressive, obviously, in that segment of the fleet business. And that is putting a bit of price pressure specifically on the commercial and government fleet business but, obviously, that's something we're going to continue to work to grow and supplant some of the daily rental. With that said, unlike past years, the overall fleet business is reasonably profitable. Obviously, the mix is not as rich as retail, but it certainly isn't a loss making part of the business as it was in the past.
Daniel F. Akerson: Let me talk about that. Yes, we are big enough to handle it on our own. Second point, don't always believe what you read.
Daniel F. Akerson: Yes, it's complicated by -- you have both the city and the provincial government review, which is through. And then you have the national policy review, their equivalent of the SEC, is where I understand it resides today. So both boards have reviewed it and passed it to the provincial/city review, and now it's at federal. So we've had both, I would describe as productive and cordial discussions dialogue. And just like in our own country, you wait for the government to -- and they're not on the same clock we are. That's kind of the way I put it. So we expect some action here in the near term, and we'll let you know as soon as we have any further developments.
Daniel F. Akerson: Qualitatively, I would add though that this discipline you're seeing with respect to pricing incentives and whatnot and what it does for our residuals in terms of how we're handling our fleet is it bodes well. When you look at Sonic, it's got -- bring in about $1,000 more per car in that segment. And I think within 2, 3 months of introduction, we were second in the segment. Same thing is happening with Verano. So these new products that are rolling out that are a bit up-contented, we are able to hold price and get a premium. And so when you look into these new product launches, there is a reason for the discipline that you're seeing that sometimes it's difficult to remain as disciplined as we have been when you look at some of the activity of our competitors.
Daniel F. Akerson: I think the demographics are quite similar to what we saw in North America. That being said, we still have not matched production to demand. And I think in the -- before the next quarter's report, you'll see some more information coming out from the company. We're not in a position to comment further today, but I will say what we said in the past, we have engaged all parties at specific levels and are in dialogue all the time.
Daniel F. Akerson: We've launched 4 of the 9, and all 4 of those have gotten good acceptance, good traction. So I agree, foreign currency is a bit of headwind, and you do have just the transition and the launches. So there's a lot of moving parts in South America, but it's a lot better place than it was 6 months ago.
Daniel F. Akerson: Well, I think we -- just to give you a slice. If you look at the end of year and through first quarter, first quarter, overall market was down about 2%. We were up, I think, 8.5%, 8.7%, almost 9% -- call it 8.5%. And we actually gained market share in China at just over 15%. That's through the quarter, which was up almost 2-plus percent. So there is pricing pressure. But the thing that we find really good is the products are selling, and we've got new ones coming out. As I mentioned, Baojun is out -- in the first quarter. I do think there was a bit of anomaly. I don't know if I would say we've got kind of true run rate gain of a couple of market share points. But because the first quarter is traditionally stronger for light commercial vehicles, and Wuling had a very strong first quarter. That being said, so did Chevrolet and so did Buick. We hit an all-time sales record for the quarter. Price is a factor, but I just think our products are being very well-received. If you step back from it, our biggest challenge, I think, is to continue to play offense. That's how we're going to hit this. We want to hit a 5 million unit run rate coming out of '15 going into '16. And that was an ambitious goal we put out last year. But if you look at where we are, where we were, where we are today, that is achievable, not for certain, but it is achievable. So there are many variables in here, mix, volume, price, but I would say China is off to a pretty good start this year.
Daniel F. Akerson: As an adjunct, Cadillac was up 79% year-over-year. That's good. But it's only 30,000. It's on a small base, but 30,000 units is a lot. And we're importing a fair number of those, exporting into China. We’re also building a fair number. But if Cadillac starts to build there, we'll have better margins than we do today.
Daniel F. Akerson: It's our goal over a 3- to 5-year period, and I would say on the longer end of that, to produce as many Cadillacs on the same order, I won't say the same number. So we produce about 180,000 here in the U.S. a year, and we'd like to be in the 150,000 to 180,000 range within the next 3 to 5 years. So I don't have a specific goal for next year, but we're not -- we're serious about this. And we think we'll have the right products for that market as well.
Daniel Ammann: On the inventory question, I'd say that we ended the first quarter still with more inventory than we'd like to have, and we will be working that down over the balance of the year. But our objective is to work a good chunk of that down through the second quarter. And as it relates to some of the cost actions and so on, we're making progress, I would say, sort of week to week on the cost front. Not everything will come with some big announcement, but there's a lot of activity and progress going on in the background. There's year-over-year cost improvement. There's quarter-to-quarter cost improvement, but there's still more work to do on that front.
Daniel Ammann: Maybe the only thing I'd add to that is in the -- what you're seeing, to some of the extent, is the effect of the daily rental caps that we put on our new vehicles that we're introducing to preserve the residual values. And as the old Impala rolls off and the new one rolls on or same for Malibu, same for some of the Cadillac product, you're going to see those caps kick in and we're going to be very disciplined about what goes into the daily rental business. And that's part of what you're seeing.
Daniel Ammann: No, I'd say, I'd characterize it as follows, which is for the whole company for the first quarter, fixed cost were basically flat year-over-year, excluding the $200 million of pension income headwind we have in North America. So as we described on the earlier call, last quarter call, we're going to have an $800 million headwind this year as a result of lower pension income. So you got to take that into account, number one. Number two, I'd say material pricing as a general matter is essentially flat year-over-year, and that's generally across the board. We have additional material content coming in as a result of richer content on new vehicles. That was about $200 million for the whole company. And then we did have a handful of sort of more onetime type items. We had over $200 million of retroactive policy and warranty adjustments here in North America, and we had about $100 million associated with the product recall in IO. So there were some items along those lines that are less recurring in nature, if you like. Then there's $100 million restructuring charge here in North America associated with the special trades SAP program. So you've got to break it down into those items to understand it. In IO and in South America, there has been some inflation from a manufacturing cost point of view. So those would be the main elements.
Daniel Ammann: The only thing I'd add, third point would be we have a lot of work to do on the PSA alliance. We have a lot of people working on that. We're making good progress. The teams are working well together, and that's where we're focused right now.
Daniel Ammann: Okay. So we're not providing any specific commentary on the fourth quarter at this point other than, I'd say, that the seasonality that we've seen in the last couple of years is getting a bit disruptive this year, quite obviously, as a result of the truck plant downtimes. So I think, while it's too soon to tell what's going to happen in Q4 because it's going to be a function of the industry and everything else, the cadence that we've seen for the middle 2 quarters of the year is going to be a little different this year.
Daniel Ammann: No, I think we're quite comfortable running at that level of capacity utilization and even higher. If I was looking at the -- and Chuck can chime in here as well, but if I was looking at the Q1 North America result relative to last year, you obviously have the $1.7 billion versus the $1.3 billion. But you got to take into account the $100 million restructuring item, the $200 million policy and warranty retroactive adjustment and the $200 million of pension income headwind when you’re looking at that comparison.
Daniel Ammann: We're not going to give further perspective at this point in terms of Q4 specifically. But I'd make a more general comment which is, we are clearly on the -- the vehicles that we've recently launched, think about the Sonic, the Verano, the Malibu Eco that's just kicked off here, we're doing really well. And we're really pleased with how those are performing. Where we've had a little bit of drag has been more on some of the products that are getting longer in their life cycles. And we have a very significant turnover of product coming here in North America, I think 70% of the total portfolio over the next -- this year and next year and, obviously, a lot of that is in our very profitable segments as well. So we have the refreshed larger SUVs, the Lambdas, obviously, everything going on, on the truck front 2 critical new entries with the XTS and the ATS into the Cadillac portfolio, into really high-volume lucrative segments for us there. So there's a lot of good activity coming on the launch side. Too early to put definitive perspective around that from a quantitative point of view, but a lot of good things to come over the next 12 to 24 months.
Daniel Ammann: You're going to see headcount coming out on a continual basis along the general approach that you described. I mean, we're -- there's a fixation on plant closings and so on, but those take time and are challenging as demonstrated across the industry. But at the same time, we're continuing to focus very much on matching our manned capacity to demand and adjusting headcount within the parameters along the lines of what you identified to get there as soon as we can.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, I don't have the specific numbers in front of me. But I'd say it may not be quite as advanced as what it was here but same general direction.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, as it relates to Europe, there's obviously a different impact between company-owned inventory and dealer inventory. I'd say it's the company-owned inventory that we'll be most significantly working down over the next quarter or two. So obviously, the other piece of the equation is what's happening from a sales perspective and we'll obviously see how the market unfolds there. And then on South America, I'll ask Chuck to comment on that.
Daniel Ammann: The first quarter of last year was an unusually strong quarter as well, so it's a little bit of a difficult comparison year-over-year. But I'd say, overall, there's been a couple of trends that have been underlying the China margins over the last few periods. One is the mix impact of bringing in Baojun, some of the costs associated with that launch, and the ongoing mix change associated with it. Secondly, there has been some element of pricing pressure at different points in the market. And then thirdly, the margins we're reporting here are net income margins and are, therefore, after-tax and have been impacted by some tax increases. So each of those plays some part.
Daniel Ammann: It's a whole bunch of different components of taxes in different ways. I don't have a number off the top of my head, but it's a reasonable portion of what you're seeing.
Daniel Ammann: I'd say the way to think of our cash flow or the way to think about the working capital piece of it specifically is there's fair amount of seasonal move in working capital. Q1 is typically a cash -- a working capital cash outflow coming out of the holiday shutdown and building inventory and production into the first quarter. So Q1 tends to be an outflow. Q2 and Q3, you tend to recapture that, and then Q4 tends to be roughly neutral. And again, that's just a general perspective. I would say that we have been working recently on working capital as a specific focus. I think we have opportunity within working capital, and we are going after that on a pretty specific basis. So that's a more general comment. But in terms of the quarterly cadence, think about Q1 as an outflow, 2 and 3 to recapture it and 4 tends to be flat.
Daniel Ammann: No, CapEx, we've indicated around in the range of $8 billion for the year, and we ran $2 billion in Q1.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, sure. So I'd say industry outlook, no real change there. Market share -- global market share, we were down from 11.4% to 11.3% in the first quarter. We'd indicated flat for the year. I'd say there's the one element on here where we think there's probably some potential pressure, driven by North America what we've seen in Q1 here. So a little risk around that. Volume, we continue to see favorable for the year. Price, we continue to see favorable, and I think demonstrating that through Q1 here. On the mix side, no real change in perspective there. On costs and, again, this was excluding the pension income, through Q1, as I said, we have basically flat fixed costs, basically flat material and freight -- material pricing and freight. We expect on a general basis to be in and around that for the year. There will be some variability on the fixed cost side as we move through some of the plant changeovers and things like that. There will be some cost incurred there, but I wouldn't say there's a fundamental change on that front. And then CapEx, as we've indicated, will be up. The thing that we've changed in terms of classification versus what we showed you in Q1 is moving the material cost increases associated with new product programs and the price increases associated with those new product programs. What we've done previously was net those 2 together, and that would show up in mix, taken it out of mix and put it into price and cost from a material perspective. And so the net of those, we expect to be positive for the year. So we're getting more price than we're adding material cost, which is obviously good. That's why the reason we've broken that out that way is to keep track of that. So as a result of that, you may get a little bit more negative on the mix side than you might have been thinking about just from a reclassification perspective.
Daniel Ammann: Sure. Some of it was some restructuring. And so about 1/2 of that -- about $150-odd million of restructuring, I think from memory. And there was some cost improvement sequentially. And some of it was the production versus sales component in inventory, so some of each of those.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, right. I would say, encouraging Q1 results, I mean, from an operating perspective, we were slightly above breakeven. So as mentioned, we started to get some traction. But I would say going through the year, there's a lot of challenges we still need to manage through, and I would suggest some volatility from a quarter-to-quarter perspective in earnings. We've got some restructuring activities to take care of. As we head through the summer, we've got a number of product launches that are cadenced out through the rest of the year. FX recently has, in Brazil, specifically, has turned into a bit of headwind that we're going to have to manage through. And then continued demand on legacy products, as we roll over into the new portfolio, is going to be a challenge that we're going to have to manage through. The good thing on the new launched products, good market acceptance, good profitability, better than the vehicles that they replaced. We're kind of working our way through that transition right now. We're about 30% to 40% of the portfolio. Our new products, by the end of the year, will be in much better position. So I think volatility this year but kind of the core underlying performance of the new products is going to put us on a decent glide path by the end of the year.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, the run rate savings associated with that, net of moving some people around, will be roughly $60 million to $70 million a year. So the payback is going to be a little over a year.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, talking specifically about volume, to start with, obviously, the biggest driver of the volume increase was full-size pickups and full-size utilities. That drove a fairly significant number. On the mix side, as previously mentioned, quarter-to-quarter, full-size pickups and full-size utilities were up a bit 30,000 units or so year-over-year, but more significantly was the increase in Sonic, Cruze and midsize vehicles, which drove the mix deterioration.
Chuck Stevens: No, on a Q1-to-Q1 basis, there was very little factory unit sales adjustment related to daily rental accounting.
