Charles K. Stevens: Well, I think, first and foremost, from a macro perspective, we expect lower for longer gas prices which will continue to support, obviously, the strong full-size pick-up, full-size SUV and crossover mix that we've seen, which then gets to the heart of your question, Itay, which is what happens from a passenger car perspective. And I think the key there is really, as you said, to maintain very strong discipline around inventory, aligning supply and demand. I would say the other thing that's important to know, in 2015, North America, 10.3% margins with the oldest passenger car and crossover lineup in the industry. And over the next two years, we will cycle through all of those products including the Malibu that we're in the midst of launching, the Cruze, the compact crossovers, the Equinox Terrain and the mid-crossovers. And as we've said before, our expectations are the profit of those vehicles will be significantly better than the vehicles that they replace, and it's not all price. A significant portion of that is cost efficiency and probably the $5.5 billion of efficiencies that we're driving. So, I think that, yes, it's a more difficult dynamic for passenger cars, but with our launch cadence we think that that is still going to be a tailwind for earnings in 2016 and 2017.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Pricing in the fourth quarter overall was flat, so we didn't call that out. But I would say as we talked about for 2015, not a lot of major pricing. We expect to see that obviously in 2016 amp up with all the product launches and fundamentally offsetting carryover. Order of magnitude plus/minus $200 million each way, $200 million on majors to the good, $200 million on carryover to the bad. Calendar year pricing on carryover very, very consistent with what we talked about before.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Well, overall, our net income margins in China on a consolidated basis went from 9.8% to 9.5% 2015 versus 2014. There are a vast majority of a number of moving pieces in there including SGMW and SGM. I would say by-and-large, as we talked about before maintaining our net income margins between 9% and 10%, the tailwinds clearly, volume, mix and material costs, fundamentally offsetting price headwinds and incremental fixed costs associated with the ramp up, primarily related to D&A as we continue to build our manufacturing capabilities. From a market perspective in 2015, net price ended up generally in the range of a negative 5%, again, which we fundamentally offset. And I would suggest net pricing, and at least from a planning perspective in the 3% to 5% range in 2016.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. To your first question, John, our capital allocation framework is transparent, so it's a reasonably easy to figure out what we're going to do. To the extent that we generate available free cash flow in 2016. We'll be buying shares as expeditiously as possible, similar to what we did in 2015. I'm not going to confirm the number. You were implying share buybacks of $3.5 billion. We will buy back whatever we can as quickly as we can based on the cash generation of the business. I would say when we looked at our guidance of $5.25 to $5.75, a significant portion of that was being driven by operating performance on a year-over-year basis, and that's what we're focused on driving. When we gave our guidance, we said improved overall EBIT, improved overall EBIT margins, which implies, in my view, a significant improvement year-over-year. Relative to regions, I would just say the following: Again, in the context of company, guidance and improved profitability, improved margins and improved EPS that we would expect to see sustained, strong performance in North America. Clearly, that's going to be a key component of that improvement and continuing strong performance, sustained strong performance in China and our longstanding commitment of breakeven in Europe.
Charles K. Stevens: There's nothing that we're seeing. Obviously, that's something that we monitor and track on a global basis as well as the U.S. And the credit metrics are stable and performing, frankly, better than prior to the last downturn. And just thinking about the economic drivers of auto sales. I mean, there are seven different key measures that are economic staff tracks, and I'm sure it's not inconsistent with external. And of the seven factors, we are viewing the impact six out of seven is positive for continued strong growth. And at the end of the day, consumer credit flow and auto loan delinquency rates are both positive. So, we've just not seen anything from a fundamentals perspective that would support that a significant downturn is imminent either from an industry standpoint or from an overall economic standpoint.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. That's a good question, John, and I think it is too early to take a view on that because at the end of the day, it depends on how much is integrated with the business. We talked about OnStar before as being very, very integral to the business. It's early days with Lyft. We think there's significant opportunity in this alliance going forward. That's why we put the $500 million stake into the company. How that manifests itself 5, 10 years down the road, don't know. And I would suggest that that same would apply for Maven or some of these other things. We just don't know how those business models are going to develop but we do think that there's significant opportunity in the future.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. This is no-win situation, right? As you put it. I think we're reasonably comfortable with inventory levels kind of across the board. Clearly, at any point in time, on any given product or any given trend level, there could be some constraints. But it is not inhibiting sales. And frankly, as we were thinking about the business, we proactively took the actions to drive the inventory down, to make sure that we were well-positioned as a cyclical company for when the downturn happens, and it will happen at some point. We're certainly not foreseeing it, but very rarely do people predict these things accurately. And just to size up, what that means, from a financial perspective, you know what happens in a downturn, first thing is inventory is drawn down at a dealer, and then the factory units sales kind of catch up with the SAAR levels. By really focusing on efficiency and inventory taking this 800,000 units or 100,000 units out and maintaining that discipline, that's worth about $1 billion of downside protection from an earnings and cash flow perspective versus where we were at the end of 2014. So, another example of a proactive action that we've taken.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Sure. One month is not a trend and specific to January, we are selling down Cruze, we're selling down Malibu, we're selling down SRX, we're selling down LaCrosse. This is natural as you transition from one product to another. And I would expect to see incentive spend moderate as we go through this quarter. I think the other important thing is we've got a six-year track record of incentive discipline and I think that carries more weight than a one-month, very specific sell-downs associated with a new model launch cadence.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Sure. I think, let's start at 10,000 feet and work our way down to the details. First, 10% margins in the fourth quarter, up significantly year-over-year. So, obviously, the business is running very efficiently at a total system level. Fixed costs, overall in 2015 versus 2014, relatively flat and very consistent with what we done in North America over the last number of years. There'll always be noise year-over-year on variable-type fixed costs like incentive compensation and things like that. But fundamentally, the core fixed costs flat year-over-year. Specific to the – and I presume that you're talking about the $400 million call-out box for others. There are a lot of moving pieces in there. So, yeah. First, the $300 million kind of reversal of the supplemental unemployment benefit is included in there as well as the absence of a $200 million gain that we had in the fourth quarter of 2014 on a supplier recovery. There's also a negative $100 million associated with the lump sum that we paid to retirees based on the UAW agreement. There are some warranty adjustments associated with base vehicle warranty adjustments, and those are always pluses and minuses in any quarter. There are some incremental D&A and then a lot of miscellaneous items. But I think the big picture, Dan, is very, very focused on maintaining our fixed cost structure. We did that in 2015, and we expect to do that again in 2016.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I think the development of 2016 will – kind of the drivers of the profitability will be very, very consistent with 2015. Volumes are going to be up, I mean, assuming the industry performs as we expect, we expect low-single digit call it 3% to 4% growth in the industry year-over-year. So, that'll be an improvement. Mix will be favorable again as we continue to launch new Cadillacs and new SUVs into the market, as a matter of fact, we have 13 new launches of key products not only in SUVs and crossovers but some pretty critical passenger cars. Price, as I've mentioned before, is going to be a headwind, directionally, in the range of 3% to 5%. Obviously, from a planning perspective, we're taking actions to make sure we're covering the 5%. Material costs will be favorable and fixed costs will go up because we are bringing two new plants on line. We'll have the full year impact of that. Net-net. Rod, as we said, we expect to sustain strong equity income performance and strong margins in China, and we generated $2.1 billion in 2015. So, that kind of gives you the floor.
Charles K. Stevens: No material implications from our perspective. We, obviously, expect another year of growth. From GMF perspective, we are now fully 100% responsible for running subvented financing as well as leasing through GMF. Thus far, availability has been no problem as far as access to capital, so very much on plan from that perspective. Obviously, our cost of funds and some of that is increasing, which we will either pass along to customers in higher payments or it'll go back to the North American team, from a support perspective, but again, that's factored into our thinking and our guidance. When you look at the GMF business today, about 80% of the originations are prime or near-prime and 20% are sub-prime. That percentage of total originations, obviously, has been coming down as we've been bridging to the full captive and I expect that percentage to go down on a go-forward basis.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. That would be rental, the difference between that. I mean, obviously, at the end of the day you have production plus imports, less exports, and then whatever happens from a net rental car impact. And the net rental car impact going to auction versus going in, because we've been winding that, obviously, with sales down, is about 50,000 units in the fourth quarter.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. But remember, the way volume is calculated, it's volume increase at the average variable profit rate, and then obviously mix is impacted because you're selling more rental car fleets, which are lower profit than the average. So, you've got to kind of always look at those two in combination.
Charles K. Stevens: That's a pretty tough question to answer without being able to have foresight on what happens in the truck industry through the whole year. I would say the following, Matt. Our trucks performed very well in 2015. Going against some brand new products in the market, we grew share. The 2015 trucks were more profitable than in 2014. We just launched a significantly refreshed truck at the tail end of 2015. And supply and demand, and especially our supply position remained very, very strong. So, I am not foreseeing a significant headwind year-over-year from a truck pricing perspective. As a matter of fact, last year we were able to actually take price increases on trucks. So I think that sitting here, February 3, that 2016 pricing for trucks will probably be relatively benign year-over-year.
Charles K. Stevens: The truck industry itself, very, very competitive. Obviously, it's not a place where you want to give up share easily. But I would be – I think we would be erring on maintaining share and maintaining profitability as opposed to chasing incremental share in 2016. Especially because we are running at a very, very tight level of supply and demand right now from a truck standpoint, and our truck inventory, at least, I wouldn't use January 31 days' supply because of the low sales rate, but our truck inventory at the end of December was 60 days, which is like 20 days or 30 days below historical levels.
Charles K. Stevens: In 2015, we generated about $2.3 billion from a material cost, and I'm talking about commercial performance, not raw materials, and $300 million in logistics, so about $2.3 billion. We also picked up a couple of hundred million dollars in Global Business Services and other SG&A initiatives. So, we're about $2.5 billion against $5.5 billion, a little bit more than 40% of the way through the year. And we expect to make another significant step in 2016. And I'd also suggest that that was our first run at this. We continue to look very hard across our entire cost structure, including global benchmarking, manufacturing costs, SG&A costs with external sources. So, I wouldn't be surprised if that $5.5 billion doesn't change over time as we work our way through the next couple of years.
Charles K. Stevens: South America has been and will continue to be, at least through 2016, a very, very challenging environment, very volatile, very difficult to predict. With that said, the actions that we've been taking over the last number of years was done specifically to establish a business foundation that would give us significant opportunities on the upside going forward. I would expect to see some improvement in South America in 2016 versus 2015 based on the run rate savings that we've generated in 2015. We reduced the workforce about 20%. We'll continue to take whatever actions are necessary, but very, very difficult to predict because it's a very volatile environment in South America.
Charles K. Stevens: Not really seasonally positive. I think we had strong market performance in the fourth quarter. Would suggest that so far – at least one month is in in January, we continue to have strong performance. But I just think it's really a very, very difficult environment to sit there and say, hey, here's our outlook for the year and provide a specific bridge. Our objective is to improve our performance in South America in 2016 versus 2015. That's our objective.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, talking again, the South America first. I think we're very well-positioned in South America, especially Brazil, when you talk about the products and the strengths of the product that we have down there that's performing very well. When you talk about the brand and when you talk about the dealer network and then overlay on that, the restructuring and other actions we've taken. To me, South America breakeven ultimately profitability there is totally contingent upon a macro improvement. And I think that's a little bit different than the challenges that we have in consolidated operations in Asia. We are in the midst of executing a number of restructurings as you know. Australia manufacturing take – reducing our manufacturing presence in Thailand and Indonesia. But, as I've said in the past, one of the challenges that we have in consolidated operations in Asia is the product portfolio, the brand health and the dealer network need to also improve. So that was going to be a longer tale to address all of those issues. So, clearly, we're going to invest only where we can make a viable return over time. We're the taking the actions in consolidated operations to position the business for that. I just don't see breakeven in the near-term. That's more of a longer term issue and those operations that we're participating in and in those markets that we're participating in.
Charles K. Stevens: No, no impact on our effective tax rate from a GAAP basis and we still expect in 2016 for that to be in the mid-20% range.
Charles K. Stevens: Well. Okay. So, going through the last point first. The agreement that we have with UAW most definitely will not impede our 10% margins in North America. And again, step back and think about our U.S. hourly workforce cost in the U.S. is $5.5 billion. So, look at that in the context of the agreement that we reached and everything else. You're talking about economics that are a couple of hundred million dollars a year. And clearly, as we think about productivity, other efficiencies that we're driving through operations excellence and everything else, our expectations are that we're going to not only offset. I would suggest work to more than offset the incremental impact of the UAW agreement, which at the end of the day, means no impact to our 10% margins. The other important thing is we do have more flexibility associated with the UAW agreement which improves our downside protection going forward because we can react much quicker to the market. So, overall, relatively immaterial economic impact in the context of the overall GM North American results.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, again, going backwards, January, just to answer the last question did we pull ahead sales into Q4. Generally, Q4 is a pretty strong sales month for China. That's seasonally – there's a lot of launches. As we said, there's a lot of promotions in Q4. If you look at the margins in China, not just for us but the industry over the last three years, Q4 they have a tendency to moderate a bit just because of that. But, with that said, January sales, the industry was up 10% year-over-year and we were up 12% year-over-year based on preliminary numbers. So, it appears that we're starting the year off reasonably well, given the slower growth in China. We grew share in China in 2015 because we launched a number of great products, especially in segments that we have been underrepresented, and that includes Crossovers and SUVs both at SGM and SGMW. The Baojun brand grew hundreds of percentage points of sales on a year-over-year basis and if memory serves, we sold just under 500,000 in 2015 versus something less than 200,000 in 2014. And we have 13 products that we're launching across China in 2016 including Cadillac-locally produced XT5s and other crossovers. So, great products. Strong brands, especially Buick, Wuling. Growing brands like Baojun and Cadillac gives us confidence that we'll be able to grow share again in 2016 versus 2015.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, so the last question first and I'll try to remember all the other three or four. It's really hard to flex between passenger cars and trucks because one is a body and the other one is a frame vehicle and they're completely different manufacturing (58:59).
Charles K. Stevens: Okay, well. Again, different manufacturing processes and clearly, we try to build as much flexibility as possible into manufacturing, but every time you build flexibility, there's incremental investment to do that from a tooling perspective. So, you want to do that as efficiently as possible. I think, again, starting with your initial question, over the next number of years, it's likely that there is a – more of a permanent shift from passenger cars to crossovers. And that's great for us. We have very strong portfolio and a very strong franchise when we think about both compact small and importantly, medium crossovers. And we're going through entire launch cadence on that. That has been factored into our thinking. It's factored into our thinking when we deploy capital, factored into our tooling rates in the plants and everything else. And we have taken a number of actions when you think about the current strengths of crossovers to get the incremental production. For instance, with the Equinox and Terrain for the last two or three years, we built, we started a flex actively in Spring Hill in Oshawa to support our production in CAMI. So we're constantly looking at the optimization of our production footprint, vis-à-vis where the market is going over a long period of time. But I think you're right that ultimately, there will be a permanent shift just because crossovers and SUVs are exactly what the name implies, much more utility than the traditional passenger cars.
Charles K. Stevens: I think that's still directionally correct. I mean, we're one month into the launch. I think, again, looking at the track record of what we've done when we've launched new products that are significantly better than the vehicle that they replace. And clearly, the Malibu and the Cruze are significantly better than the vehicles that they're replacing. We have a tendency to have a track record of growing segments here, growing transaction prices, and improving our profitability. We would expect to do that with these products.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, certainly. I mean, one of the objectives of moving away from daily rental is to make sure you're optimizing your capacity and generating as high a return as possible. And those vehicles traditionally have carried a bit heavier weight of daily rentals, so we're very focused on retail.
