Charles K. Stevens: Yes, John. Good try to get me to answer when we're going to launch the next-generation truck. That's going to happen....
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. No doubt. What I would say, when I look at North American in total, again starting with the overall guidance, we expect another strong year of 10% plus margins in North America. The big drivers again with the puts and takes, volume and mix roughly are going to be flat. Volume will be down year-over-year, partially due to our taking action on passenger cars, and partially due to the ramp-up of the new crossovers and some of the changeover of the trucks, but mix will be favorable fundamentally offsetting that. Price will be favorable and costs will be favorable. Those two will largely or more than offset FX. Those are the biggest drivers in 2017 for North America.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. I would say that as we're going through this launch cadence, whether it's trucks or crossovers or the vehicles that we launched this year or some of the impact in fourth quarter in North America related to Duramax, you always have some of those. I wouldn't say that they're materially different in 20 – the cost themselves in 2017 versus 2016, the bigger impact is on the volume side.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. Lease penetration in 2016 in the fourth quarter was roughly 25%, 26%. That feels like the right number for us relative to overall penetration when you look at the makeup of our products whether luxury mix, truck mix and generally that would be running at an appropriate level from an industry perspective. With low interest rates, feels to me from an industry perspective that leasing is filling some of the gap on subvented financing and that's been running very low. So the biggest drivers are cash deals, and then leasing, and then standard – kind of standard payment term is very low subvented financing at this point.
Charles K. Stevens: Well. One, I think it's too early to speculate on the potential implications of the border adjusted tax. That's one part of tax reform, there's a number of moving pieces. And what we want to do is engage constructively around how we can best work with the administration to make sure that this is good for the economy, good for manufacturing footprint. As you can imagine, very, very complicated dynamic with supply footprint, manufacturing footprint, long lead investment, so a number of moving pieces here that we want to participate in and engage in around transition timing and other aspects of this. So again, too early to speculate on what the potential implications are.
Charles K. Stevens: When I look at the percent of import content, yes, we are better positioned than the industry on average.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I think you're thinking about it correctly. As we talked about the expenditures that we'll be making on autonomous vehicles will be in the corporate sector, as we look to start to provide more visibility around that, especially as we start to monetize that opportunity on a go-forward basis. And the puts and takes on that as you look at the overall results, I would expect aggregate profitability to be better in North America. I would expect profitability to better in South America, in GM Financial as well, and relatively flat in Europe, relatively flat in China. Those are the big drivers.
Charles K. Stevens: It is a headwind in 2017, I would say, in the low hundreds of millions of dollars at a corporate level at this point in time, not a significant magnitude, but certainly factored into our outlook.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. So, from a North American perspective, yes, we would expect aggregate profitability to improve year-over-year. As I indicated earlier, we expect volume to be a headwind and mix to fundamentally offset that, so the favorable mix associated with some of our recently launched products. Pricing will be favorable. Again related to our crossover launches, largely reduce sales allowances. And then, overall fix will be slightly favorable when you look at material on carryover versus fixed. Fixed costs are going to be relatively flat year-over-year. So, and that will offset some FX headwinds primarily related to the Mexican peso. So, those are the big drivers. In China, it's the same kind of dynamic that we've been talking about. Mix will be favorable, pricing will be – we're assuming another 5% headwind. Carryover material and mix will largely offset the pricing and cost. And cost should be slightly up in China as we get the full-year ramp of some of the recently-opened facilities, but the dynamics over the last couple of years aren't changing in China.
Charles K. Stevens: Factored in. I mean we factored in the expectations from a used – at least ALG and others expectations for what's happened with used car pricing. So, a continued normalization of used car pricing obviously we factor into our pricing and cost of funds expectations continuously rising interest. So, that's factored in. I mean going back to the conference we were at in January, we laid out all of the downsides and headwinds that we saw in 2017 and what we're doing to mitigate that in the context of our guidance. And the fact as you mentioned, we're part of that pricing dynamic, continued investment and new technologies, the pricing environment in the U.S. and China, for example, raw material headwinds in 2017 versus 2016. FX, from a global perspective, I mean that dynamics is not getting any better, but when you look at the things that were under our control, cost, our product launch cadence, which will improve mix and pricing. We again are confident that we're going to see strong results again in 2017.
Charles K. Stevens: Just to try to answer those in the order that they came in, David. As we move through 2016 calendar year, our lease penetrations came down. Early, you may recall, earlier in the year first quarter, second quarter 2016, lease penetrations were up in the high 20s% and we moved them down to where we ended. As I said, mid-20% is the appropriate level and that's something that we would continue to manage. Relative to our lease residual exposure or our thinking of lease residual, I've covered this before vis-à-vis some of the competition, we've got a different mix because GM Financial has been leasing vehicles and been the captive lease provider only for the last couple of years. We have a significantly different mix, lower penetration of passenger cars, higher penetration of trucks and SUVs, and I'm not going to give you specifics on what we're assuming from used car. All I would say is, we're anticipating continued moderation and normalization of used car pricing, not inconsistent with third party type data that you could get out there over the next two to three years. I would say, in total, in the range of about 7% over the next two to three years, but I'm not going to give a year-to-year specific. And one of the fundamentals relative to how we're running the business residual modeling (45:34), we're working with GMF, our Express Drive 100% of our vehicles being remarketed by GMF is so that we can efficiently absorb and distribute in a way that is not detrimental to residuals the vehicles that are coming off lease. And that's one of the reasons we've significantly reduced our daily rental sales as well. So taking in balance, I think we've got a reasonably balanced view of what's going to happen from a residual perspective over the next number of years.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. I would say the following, over the last number of years the pricing environment has been moderating. If you look at overall incentive spend as a percentage of transaction price, it's been inching up on a consistent basis, which is certainly not unexpected where we are in the cycle. We continue to be very disciplined, our actual incentive spend compared to the industry has come down back, three or four years ago we were running at 110% of industry, in the 2016 calendar year, we're closer to 103% or 104%. And I think that just highlights the strength of our product lineup. I would expect to see incentive spending inch up again in 2017. We said that we expected continued pricing challenges or competitive pricing environment in the United States and China. Within that though, when you look at our launch cadence, let's remember, in 2016 we had the oldest compact and mid-crossover lineup in the industry and still performed very well, that's going to be completely refreshed, which should provide an opportunity. Trucks continue to perform very well, demand is strong, we're running all of our plants on three shifts, full-on. So, supply and demand in balance. Where we have challenges is our cars and we're aligning supply and demand on that by cutting production. So, on balance, a more challenging pricing environment, but we think we're well positioned within that given our product launch cadence.
Charles K. Stevens: The last point that is correct. To your first question, that Q4 I would say was run rate when we have ramped up the AV Engineering and Cruise Automation at roughly plus or minus $150 million a quarter. We weren't spending very much at all until we got into the fourth quarter and I would expect to see a run rate similar to that in 2017, roughly $150 million a quarter, that will we believe be sufficient because we've already got the architecture with the Bolt to put us in a strong position from an AV standpoint and when you look at the overall corporate sector you've get that year-over-year roughly $450 million increase plus there is some incremental legal expense in 2017 versus 2016 related to the ignition switch activities, and as I think about that beyond 2017 who knows, but that should start to moderate beyond that.
Charles K. Stevens: So, the EBIT bridge is on a consolidated basis, so we exclude China. We report China equity income, the drivers of China equity income in 2016 similar to 2015, pretty similar volumes positive, mix is positive, pricing has been a 5% headwind, material cost performance has been a positive. And then as we ramped up plants, the fixed cost has inched up; net-net, in that dynamic we've been able to maintain the equity income, but you've seen the margin compression which we've talked about before on a go-forward basis, due primarily the pricing that the margins were going to compress and we saw that play out in 2016.
Charles K. Stevens: Sure. I think the drivers of the industry over there are very, very consistent, higher volume, better mix, pricing is going to be a headwind kind of in the same zip code in the 5% range, material cost efficiency will be a tailwind. And then, between their cost down, efficiency up and full run rate and the plant's fixed cost will be up slightly on a year-over-year basis, but generally consistent with what's been driving the business the last couple of years.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, for the fourth quarter 2016 versus 2015, inventory build because you've got to look at the change and the change was about a 100,000 units and when I look at the net impact of that, about a $100 million, volume was up, but mix was unfavorable because a lot of that stock was building up stock of passenger vehicles, which we're now addressing. So that's kind of the impact in the fourth quarter.
Charles K. Stevens: Absolutely consistent with what we talked about back in December. We will be building inventories, we moved through kind of first half of the year. We'll be addressing the passenger car part of this with the shift reductions that we've announced. But we'll build inventory of our crossovers leading into the launch as well as trucks and then inventory will normalize in the second half, very similar to the dynamic we had when we transitioned from the GMT900 to the K2 and then we would expect to end 2017 in the same zip code as 2016, roughly 70 days' supply.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, the electrification costs depending on, they end up in the vehicles themselves and if it's engineering costs associated with electrification, it goes to the region fundamentally based on engineering resources deployed. The reason that we're separating autonomous is because we would expect over time, as we continue to move that business along with Maven forward into a commercial piece of the business that we want to make sure that there is visibility around that on the commercial side of autonomous vehicles, because we would expect to commercialize that obviously.
Charles K. Stevens: That would have been part of our overall engineering expense. So certainly a portion of the engineering expense, but I'm not going to break that out separately.
Charles K. Stevens: I would expect that our pricing dynamic if you're speaking specifically in North America will be year-over-year on new will be a little bit more robust than the $200 million a quarter in 2016 based on the crossover launches.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I think if you look at, there's a wide range of topics whether it's tax, trade, regulations and there's a lot of, I'll say, information being shared just to level the foundation. For instance, I've shared a lot of information about the dynamics in the auto industry and how all those things would be impacted. So, I would say, right now it's very constructive dialog and the administration really listening to the input that we have and to kind of put things in context. So that's where we're at right now, John.
Mary Teresa Barra: So, Adam, we're looking across the whole portfolio, we made the commitment with many other OEMs from a – it's a perspective for the emergency automatic braking. We're looking across and so we have the commitment made, we're looking across each of those product lines to look and see what we think is best from a customer perspective of what they are going to value, clearly it will be available, but giving the customers some choice there. So I don't have the specific rollout in front of me, but I know the team has worked across the entire portfolio across all brands to implement those plans.
Mary Teresa Barra: Adam, so when we look at it, I kind of divide it into two pieces. One, we come to work every day looking to how do we drive shareholder value and long-term value for all of our shareholders. We believe and we've got a track record of demonstrating performance and meeting our commitments for three years now. We're going to continue to do that with our outlook for 2017. We've identified how we can continue to make this business better. I think we have more opportunity, but then also the way that we are investing in the future, which I think is huge opportunity with transportation-as-a-service, building on the platform for transportation-as-a-service is connectivity, we have a lead with OnStar and as we continue to roll that out very quickly around the globe and continue to not only provide that connectivity in each of our vehicles, but to build on what we can do with that connectivity, I believe we're just scratching the surface of what we can do with the data we have in the vehicle and continuing to add vehicle for customers. So, I think that's a huge opportunity. Clearly on electrification, we've got a lead with the Bolt EV having that vehicle in the marketplace, getting great reviews, it's not just a great electric vehicle, it's a great vehicle and that's the feedback we're getting from customers that gives us the foundation to really push forward in electrification and be very successful from an electrification perspective leveraging our global scale, so that's something that I think is a huge opportunity. Autonomous and transportation-as-a-service and sharing clearly the work that we're doing from an autonomous perspective and really looking from the traditional business to miles travelled, and how we can participate strongly. And that's why we've made the investments and have made great progress last year, really accelerated our progress on autonomous. And we released a video a week or two ago showing the progress and that progress is happening on a weekly basis, not monthly or quarterly. So, I look at how we're working to make sure we're as efficient as possible in the basic business of cars, trucks and crossovers around the globe, but then looking at all the opportunity that technology has to transform this industry. And I think we're well positioned. And that's what we're working hard on every day because I think that will change the dialog and change the calculus of how this company is valued.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yes. Not at this time, I think as the year unfolds, you'll hear more about that from us of what our plans are and some of those milestones that we'll be sharing.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I think we've had a very constructive and positive conversation about the regulatory environment and clearly putting safety at the forefront and doing the right thing for the environment. But looking at the opportunities of how do we streamline and how do we enable technology. So I think it's been a very positive dialog that has covered in a general sense autonomous.
Mary Teresa Barra: So in the conversation that I've done a lot, as have others recognizing we had an automotive industry focused meeting as well as the strategy and policy meeting, but to really make sure everyone is grounded and understands the complexity of our supply chain as well as the capital-intensive long lead nature of our business. And I think that understanding has been well received. Clearly, as Chuck said, there is a lot of moving pieces right now. We want to – and that's why we're at the table and also working at all levels of the administration to make sure we're providing the input because let's recognize the number of jobs that we do provide here 100,000 jobs. If you look at the number of vehicles that we sell here versus the number that is produced here, it's almost 80%. Now there is puts and takes with exports, but a very high percentage of products are built in this country. So we've been really providing all of those facts and then clearly talking about if there are shifts that they have to happen over time. So that's the input that we've given and I would say it's been very constructive.
Mary Teresa Barra: As it relates to trade overall or NAFTA, it is just really too soon to tell, but I mean I think, we've got a seat at the table and are providing input, because clearly we don't want to create a situation where we impact jobs in the United States, which will quickly happen when you look at how integrated the supply base is and how things go back and forth. So, it's really way too soon to speculate, what we're looking for is fare free trade, because we believe that with every country because we believe the strength of our product line will allow us to do well around the globe. So, in all the conversations we're making sure people understand possibly some not understood or aspects of the business, so a very informed decision can be made. As Chuck said, we do support overall tax reform, but the details are key and that's why we're having such an active voice in making sure the business is understood, the jobs we provide et cetera.
Mary Teresa Barra: Thank you. So, I just have a couple of quick closing comments here and I want to share a couple of key takeaways. First, the company is producing strong financial results and I think we've given you a lot of reasons and specifics of why we plan to continue to do just that in 2017 and realize stronger financial results. We believe overall, GM is a better and more disciplined and more focused company and you'll see us continue to drive that focus across all 220,000 employees around the globe, because we believe there are more efficiencies that we can deliver higher quality and continue with strong product as well as our investment in the future of mobility. All of this to drive strong shareholder value. We are taking the steps to make sure in the very important area of the future mobility that we have a leadership role and we're building on a strong foundation in many of these areas. And overall if you step back and look at 2016 as a whole, we're demonstrating that we can do what we say what we're going to do and continuing to build that track record of delivering on our commitments. So, we look forward to a very strong 2017 and I want to thank all of your for participating on the call.
