Paul Jacobson: Yes, good morning, Dan. Thanks for the question, first of all. So what I would say is that obviously we've been very disciplined about our commercial strategy in going to market, and despite the fact that we've seen a little bit of pressure year-over-year on incentives, we've actually widened the gap in the quarter against our competitive set. So demand for our vehicles is strong. I think some of the offsets are our truck sales were up 5% in the quarter where we continue to pick up share. And that's helped to offset some of the lower ATP vehicles and we've seen in the growth in the tracks, for example. So I think we've been saying for a long time that our consumer has held up really well and it's been resilient. And we expect that to continue to be the same way. I think a big part of that is the strategy that we've undertaken about being very disciplined in inventory and the more data flow about producing the vehicles that we know that customers are demanding. And when you combine that with the incredibly strong portfolio we have, I think this is the result.
Paul Jacobson: Thanks, Itay. I'll go ahead and start with the first questions. On the second-half, we tend to stay very, very focused on what we see for pricing for ourselves. Obviously, there's a lot of noise going on with different incentive strategies, different inventory levels, et cetera. So that's an assumption that we bake in based on what we're seeing in the market and making sure that we're projecting the right amount of conservatism against our cash flow targets and plans. So we started the year saying down 2% to 2%. We got through the first-half of the year essentially flat. And what I would say is July to-date looks very similar to June. So we're going continue to push through month-by-month, quarter-by-quarter on the portfolio that works for us. So we've managed to do that through various incentive strategies and various inventory pushes that we've seen from our competitors. And we're going to just be focused on meeting our customer demand the best way we can.
Paul Jacobson: Itay, let me just go back. I think I missed the second part of your question on the sensitivity to EV volume from that. So you saw when our -- we originally gave our guide on production, we were at 200,000 to 300,000. We talked about being able to get to variable profit positive in the low 200,000. We're still holding to that, although with the 200 to 250, we pulled that from the second-half to the fourth quarter. So I know it doesn't give you a specific answer, but directionally, obviously, scale is a big part of what we're doing. A lot of the battery costs, cell cost improvement that we've seen has just been driven by efficiency and scale at the plant. So it's something that we continue to watch, and we're continuing to strive for it. But nothing more specific than that.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Good morning, Joe. Thanks for the question. So I would say directionally, your math is pretty accurate on about the $1.4 billion of the $2 billion. I would look at the biggest cost increase that we highlighted on the call is about $400 million of marketing spend, and that is first-half to second-half. So marketing spend overall is still down significantly, and the team has done a great job of driving more efficiency into what we're doing. But obviously, with the launches that we have in the second half of the year, there's a significant lean in to drive that customer awareness. And we think that's actually an opportunity for us to help us scale and to help us see us outside share gains in EV. So I would say it's timing within the larger pool of significant savings initiatives out of that category. That's the biggest piece of it. But we're continuing to work on it. And we believe that we'll be successful in that $2 billion cost reduction target that we laid out, and we're not going to stop there.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Thanks, John. What I would say is it starts with the portfolio. When you look at the refreshes that we've done and what we brought to market and what's still come with the midsize SUVs, I think the team has done really an incredible job. And that's actually held up quite well even as we went to higher interest rates. And despite the fact that payments have gone up, we've seen demand hold pretty steady across the board. So we want to maintain some level of consistency, which is make sure that we approach the plan, the forward calendar with a little bit of conservatism on the pricing side versus what we're seeing in the market today because that's -- it's really all about continuity on cash flow and margin performance. So I think it's a strategy that's worked well for us. Like I said, despite the fact that we've taken that assumption down in the back half of the year from where we started the year, we're still not seeing that in the month of July to date. So I think this helps us be more nimble, be more agile and look around corners. But our commercial team is doing a really good job of go-to-market strategies and really looking at it on a month-by-month, product-by-product basis to drive our optimal margin performance.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So thanks for that, Chris, and thanks for the kind words. What I would say is that if you look at from where we started the year, it's about probably $2 billion of trend line improvement from our initial guide. We've taken our guidance up now by $1 billion. The other $1 billion, I would say, is largely China underperformance. We started the year thinking that we were going to be similar to last year's profitability. Obviously, we've taken that down. And then the second area is really on EV volumes. So despite the fact that they come in at a lower contribution, we were projecting on the higher volumes a variable profit contribution in the third quarter that has now been kicked out a little bit on the lower volumes. That explains really the bulk of it. But I'm really pleased that we've been able to take our guidance up now in two consecutive quarters. And we're a full $1 billion at the midpoint ahead of where we were at the beginning of the year.
Paul Jacobson: Mark, thanks for the kind words, and appreciate the question. I would say that when we started the year, we were looking at getting to variable profit low 200,000 range. We're obviously continuing to do the work that we need to do on the lower volumes, and we see that. I mean to the extent that we see volumes going lower, we obviously have to adjust to that, but we're really focused on the long-term here. And that is the trend trajectory of scaling up in the business. We're already seeing meaningful cost improvements as we ramp up the battery cell plants and really come off some of the imported cells and things that we were doing last year. So this is a journey for us, and it's one that we're absolutely focused on doing. So we don't want to end up in a situation where we're just producing to a target, and the demand isn't there. We've seen what happens when you do that, and you've got residual value implications, which stay with you for a long, long time. So that balance is what's most important to us and continuing along the journey. So we're focused right now on that 200 to 250 and believe that we can hit the variable profit positive in the fourth quarter. And we're going to continue to work towards that best we can.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. And Tom, I'll just add. It's just -- it's a little bit too early because we're coming through that trial period in significant volumes. So we should have a lot more color, I would say, over the next 12 to 18 months as we start to see people lapse out of their three-year period and getting to that. But it's obviously something that we're watching in the commercial teams all over it.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, James. So the biggest piece of it to be highlighted is about $400 million of marketing spend, which is seasonally weighted towards the second half of the year in conjunction with a number of the launches that we have. We knew that going into the year. The other big piece of it, I would say there are some commodities and EV cost retimes. So these are a little bit new, just as we've kind of pivoted on our assumptions going forward. The commodities, look, we're going to respond to that, and we always do. But those are the 3 biggest categories, I would say, on the second-half. And the team is working through it and feel good about our performance so far.
Mary Barra: So thanks for the question. Our strategy is to offer our consumers choice. We've got an incredible portfolio of vehicles, both EV and ICE, and we've got flexibility. So we know we can win more customers as they embrace EVs. We're seeing that right now with 54% of the EV sales being customers that are new to GM. And so we do think the market for EVs will continue to grow and we've got the performance, the technology and the range that customers want, especially when you look at our portfolio with the Equinox coming out right now, the affordability of that vehicle along with when we have the Bolt next year, if we're giving consumers that choice. And as I've said, EVs are fun to drive, instant torque. I think our EVs have beautiful designs, the right range, the right performance. So again, we'll be guided by the consumer and regardless of what the regulatory environment is, regardless we're going to work to maximize, because we've got that flexibility between ICE and EV. So I think we're in a very strong position. I think we also have to look at though, the investments GMs made in EVs, we're creating 1,000s of jobs all over the country including Ohio, Michigan, and Tennessee. So I'm pleased with where our strategy is. I think regardless of what happens from a regulatory perspective, we're going to be well positioned with our ICE and with our EV portfolio.
Mary Barra: And Itay on -- as it relates to Cruise, we've worked very hard. As you look at what's happening with artificial intelligence applications across many industries, customers have an expectation of higher performance from technology than they necessarily do in our case for other human beings. And so our target now instead of being better than average driver is to be better than a role model driver. And tremendous work has gone on over the last few months. So as we are rolling out now in the three cities I mentioned, the technology is much more advanced to be better than a role model driver. We've also expanded our safety metrics to make sure it measures across many scenarios. So I'm very confident as we now have vehicles operating and we're on the path very quickly to get to -- back to driverless with much safer technology, again, getting to this better than a role model driver. So when I look at that, we can provide an exceptional driver experience as we continue to grow. Now when you talk about what is the right balance between expansion, capital demands and partners and/or investors, we're very open, and we're seeing significant interest in Cruise. So as we move into this next phase, we're going to be looking at what's the right efficient way to go forward with Cruise from a robo-taxi business from a Cruise perspective. But also we are seeing very laser-focused on the personal autonomous vehicle opportunity for GM. So we think we're well positioned. We'll share more as we go through the year, but we have significant outside interest from a partner and investor perspective.
Mary Barra: I think the main reason is with going -- switching from the Origin to the Bolt is we extinguished the regulatory risk. Remember, because the Origin doesn't have steering wheels and some other motor vehicle safety standard components, it doesn't meet motor vehicle safety standards. There's -- that requires a legislative change. We've been working on that. It's been difficult to get done. And with that, if we don't get that legislative change or authorization from a government perspective, we're limited in the number of Origins we could put out. So as we looked at this, we thought it was better to get rid of that risk. And then when we look at the Bolt, it's been, I think, a very good product for the initial rollout from an AV perspective where we have over 5 million miles traveled. And it allows us to be more capital efficient and get better scale on the Bolt EV as we roll out next year based on the LTM platform. So I would say it was mainly driven by the uncertainty that we have from a regulatory perspective.
Mary Barra: Sure. Well, for General Motors to comply with the existing regulations, we have many levers that we can pull, including how we plan our portfolio, the technology that we use on the vehicles. We can utilize credits from prior and future model years and purchase credits as well as have a robust EV portfolio. And so we look at this on a regular basis based on what's happening with EV adoption, what's based on what's happening with the regs and make those decisions. So it's something we have a lot of flexibility. And obviously, we intend to meet the regulatory environment. It's really hard for me to predict what the timeline would be if something is going to change. I would though that we just -- we look at our portfolio on a regular basis with not only what we know the regs to be and make sure we have a plan there. And then we do scenario planning for what potentially could happen, and then we have that range of opportunities. So we'll continue with that process. I mean if you think about it for the last several years, the regulatory environment has not been certain. I would say what's really important to the company overall is to have regulatory certainty. And so we'll be watching with interest as we get past the election and look at what the regs will be if they change at all. But I think we have the flexibility to moderate based on what we see.
Mary Barra: Well, as we've said, we plan to have hybrids in key segments, not across the board, but in key segments in the 2027 time frame because of where the regulatory environment looks to be right now. So we have that opportunity. We can decide what we put on the fleet or what segments we put based on where we see the regulatory environment. So that's definitely one of the technologies that we can leverage. And as we've already said, we plan to have hybrids in key segments in the '27 time frame.
Mary Barra: Yes. First off, we continue to see the challenges in China. Very few people are making money, and a lot of OEMs are prioritizing production over profitability. So I think the work that we have been more disciplined than most in our pricing. We are launching some new vehicles that we're seeing positive traction. But it's a difficult market right now. And frankly, it's unsustainable, because the amount of companies losing money there cannot continue indefinitely. And really, when you get into the type of pricing war that's going on now, it's really a race to the bottom and destroy residuals. There's nothing good that comes from the behavior that we're seeing right now. Having said that, we are taking -- we've taken several steps of getting our inventory right, launching some products that we think are going to be better received in some of the NEVs we had a couple of years ago, especially hybrids and full electric. And then as it relates to the work that we're doing with our partner, out of respect for our partnership, we'll provide more details as the decision is made. But I'm not going to go into detail of all the different items that we're contemplating.
Mary Barra: When you say the trend, you're talking about -- can you say a little bit more what your specific -- specifically...
Mary Barra: I would say in our GM International markets outside of China, we're seeing strong pricing. If you look at South America, for example, Chevy is considered a premium or luxury brand. And we've got a really strong portfolio with great brand loyalty and brand recognition. And we're seeing -- we're able to hold pricing and compete, by the way, because of the value of the Chevrolet-branded products. Again, in different -- we're seeing that across to varying levels across all of the international markets. So again, disciplined execution pays off over the longer period, and this is a long game that we play when we look at managing our brand strength, managing the residuals of our products, et cetera.
Mary Barra: Absolutely, Dan. I believe when you look at the portfolio entries that we have coming, the fact that we have fresh designs, the performance and technology on these vehicles, along with the range is right. So for those that are already EV and tenders that might want to replace the existing EV they have, I mean, the response we're getting from dealers about the new Equinox EV is just outstanding when they say they look at the design of the vehicle, the performance and the affordability, especially with the consumer tax credit. So I think we have an opportunity to continue to outperform where the industry is, and we're going to look to build on that because we really believe in our portfolio. That's why we're spending the marketing dollars to make sure we get the awareness, and our dealers are excited. So I feel like we're well positioned to continue that growth.
Mary Barra: Well, first of all, we'd be very excited about that because I think it's a huge opportunity. And I think for the bulk of it, it would be variable cost increases as we've got the equipment adding shifts, increasing line rates. So it's always fun to take volume up, and I think we're well prepared to do that, and it would mostly be variable.
Mary Barra: Our Super Cruise ramp has been slow because of some of the chip availability that we have. We're now expected by year-end this year to have Super Cruise on 22 nameplates and in some cases, on up trims for instance, on the new Traverse standard. So I don't have the specific take rates because it's -- part of it is it comes with the vehicle, and some of it can be something they can subscribe to. So we can follow up with you after the fact on that.
Mary Barra: Yes. We definitely will be looking for, frankly, more than just what the vehicle is, but to have the right regulatory environment to release this technology that we believe definitely improved safety of miles traveled for everyone. So we're going to continue to work hard to continue to allow autonomous technology, both rideshare and from a PAB perspective to continue. And frankly -- switching to the Bolt at this time because of the regulatory environment actually improves Cruise's costs. So we think it's a win-win. But we're in the early, early phases of what rideshare is going to be and how we're going to leverage autonomous technology. I do think in the future, there's going to be opportunity for a vehicle like the Origin. And so that remains open to us at the right time. This was about getting cost down at Cruise and being able to scale without regulatory uncertainty.
Mary Barra: Well, I think critical is we've got to get the -- our structural cost right to the new realities of this market. And so we are fully recognizing that we -- the ongoing challenges that we have. And so we're going to -- there's a three-pronged strategy we've got to execute the plan to align production to the current retail reality, get rid of the existing higher inventories and then aggressively reduce the structural cost. From an SGMW perspective, we actually maintained a stable market share as this operation is very important and also support some of the global emerging markets through exports from our General Motors perspective. And then as we've talked about in the past and Paul mentioned it, we have the premium channel, where we believe we have an opportunity to export with very low capital investment, very capital efficient, I should say, to take some of our most iconic products and export them into the market at the top end. So I think when we look at the strength of the Buick brand and the China brand, there's a path forward in this market that we do believe over the course of the midterm is going to resume to growth. So that is our plan, and I'm not going to predict where we're going to be exactly in the second quarter. I will just tell you, we're working aggressively to improve that situation and leverage what we have in GMW and also the opportunity that we'll have with the premium channel.
Mary Barra: Thank you very much, and I hope everybody can see that from our results and our new higher guidance, we are making the most of every opportunity we have in ICE and in EV and leveraging our core strengths. We're being flexible and opportunistic, but also importantly, we're being very disciplined. A better Cruise is moving forward once again, and there's significant opportunity there. We're going to continue to return significant capital to our owners as we move forward and the opportunity presents itself. So if you look back, this was a great first-half. And we're going to build on it and continue to improve the business, and we have more opportunity to continue to do that to drive our future success. We're going to expand on all these topics at our Investor Day in Springhill, Tennessee. And so I hope you will attend. You're going to have a chance to drive our newest ICE and EV products and see close up our cell manufacturing expertise and our manufacturing flexibility. We think it's compelling, and we look forward to having that session with all of you. So thank you very much for joining, and I hope you have a great day.
