Paul Jacobson: What I would say is the observation about slowing EV demand growth is something that everybody's been talking about. We've seen it in competitor earnings profiles, et cetera, but I want to be clear, we're not seeing that in our portfolio right now. Now, admittedly, that's in considerably lower volumes than some others that are out there, but we continue to see strong demand for our portfolio, and we're making progress on increasing Ultium EV production, with Ultium products up 2x 3Q versus 2Q. So, we are scaling. But what we've seen here is an opportunity to slow some of that scaling down and take advantage of some of the learning that we've seen through the engineering and manufacturing process in the early stages. And what it allows us to do is to build a stronger foundation before we scale aggressively upwards. So, that's really what we're seeing. I wouldn't chalk it up necessarily to price. And what we're seeing in our portfolio is our customers have been remarkably resilient in the order book, continuing to keep their orders on the books.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, good morning John. Paul, I think that's what we're aiming to and I think creating the foundation of reducing complexity and buildable combinations and more simpler engineering design manufacturing, I think is going to give us that agility going forward. I think the other thing that you're going to see us, and I think the Orion announcement is a good example of this, is we're also engineering improvements on the fly. So, I think if you look at the historical record, it would be you produce a vehicle, you would identify some improvements in customer features, profitability, et cetera and you'd wait for a mid-cycle model improvement to actually go in and implement those changes. It's really more of a mindset that's, I would say more conducive to software that says, here's an opportunity to really improve the profitability, the capability of the vehicle, let's go ahead and put it in line. So, the Orion decision represents an early application of that where we've seen a slowing in the demand growth create the opportunity to go in and build these from the ground up as we expand and scale up. And I think it's going to make us more nimble in the future and ultimately lead to more consistent ROIC.
Paul Jacobson: Well, I think, John, we've been consistently talking about pent-up demand from the last couple of years, and that's been really evident in the fleet customers. But I would say that the retail share gains and the performance of the retail customer has been strong as well. In fact, we've seen gains in market share pretty consistently this year, both from fleet and from retail, while we've increased production, while we have kept incentives down, and while we have reduced marketing spend. So, I think it's a real testament, especially to the North America team for what they've performed through and what they've done in the face of that strength. And while we hear reports out there in the macro that consumer sentiment might be weakening, et cetera, we haven't seen that in demand for our vehicles, and we've been pretty consistent about that on the retail side as well. So, we're continuing to enjoy that, and I think we're operating from a much more disciplined lens around margin improvement as a result of what we've seen in that transformation.
Paul Jacobson: So, good morning, Emmanuel. It's Paul. What I would say is that the $2 billion is around controllable fixed costs and we remain committed to being able to do that. The implications of the UAW contract when it is agreed to and ratified will flow significantly and largely through cost of goods sold in our margin performance. So, when you look at the ways that we have to offset that, those are things that affect the EV profitability, et cetera going forward. So, what we've got to do is make sure that number one, we sign a contract that we know we can compete in the global marketplace because we want to make sure that these are good jobs and they are good jobs for the next people as well that are going to taking over. We are protecting the brand, the company, the franchise, and the future. So, we are going to have to look at potentially reducing fixed costs further. We are going to have to look at efficiencies across the board in engineering and designing the vehicles. And that's a little bit of trying to get ahead of some of those inflationary pressures that we saw with the steps that we have taken earlier this year. So, we are going to continue to look at doing that. And we've got some work cut out for us, but we are committed to making it work.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, good morning, Adam. First of all just to clarify in your comments the target is low to mid-single-digits ex-IRA. I think you said mid to high in your question. I just want to correct that for the record. But yes clearly look as we said repeatedly this year the margins in EVs are just relatively nonsensical mainly because we've got a big scaled infrastructure with limited production across the board. So, we are absolutely committed to presenting that roadmap and we'll do that at our Investor Day and the decision to push out Investor Day was really we've got a lot of good strategic data points to put out there. We want to make sure that it wasn't something that was dominated by the UAW. So, when the weather gets a little bit warmer in Charlotte in March, we'll have that Investor Day. We'll provide that roadmap including kind of where we've come from and where we're going to get to that low to mid-single-digit margin target, and we're making good progress internally.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, good morning, James. So, in terms of incentive strategy, like I said in my prepared remarks, I think the team deserves a lot of credit for really transforming the approach and the go-to-market strategies, not just around incentives, but how we market the vehicles and really across the board that has been a huge contributor to some of the profitability that we've had on the backs of the strength and the consumers and the products that we're producing across the board. So, I expect that strategy to continue. Certainly as we looked at quarter-end, inventories had trended a little bit higher, and of course this varies on a product-by-product basis. And we're watching that very closely in partnership with our dealers to try to make sure in light of the work stoppage that we are getting vehicles to market where we have them. So, we're going to continue to manage that very tactically across the board, but everything that we're seeing in the demand set right now is pretty strong for our vehicles, and we expect that to continue through the rest of the year.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, it's a little early to get into that. We're in the midst of our budget process right now, but what I would say is we have seen some logistics and delivery pressure that we've talked about before, particularly with vehicles coming into North America from Mexico with rail challenges, et cetera. So, I expect there will be parts where there's some inflationary pressure, but as we've said over the last couple of years, the amount that we spend on expedited logistics, et cetera has been coming down as the chip shortage and some of the supply chain shortages have been tempered from the peaks in 2021 and 2022. I will say that there's a bit of concern on my mind in terms of the supply chain's ability to ramp up after the work stoppage. Obviously, we're focused on getting this finalized as quickly as we can. But it's important that we don't end up in a situation where we can't ramp up to full production because the supply chain has to rebuild, et cetera. So, we're watching that closely and making sure that we're in a position, but more to come on 2024 as we work through that and work through the budget.
Paul Jacobson: And Dan, I think I'll add that, I think the challenges of the last few years, I think have taught us a lot about ourselves and about the quality of our products. And it all starts with that when you create products that customers love. You have an opportunity to think about the business. So, while the profitability and the margins have gone up. We've been really focused on that. But some examples of that are what we're doing with buildable combinations, what we've been doing with marketing spend, et cetera, it's really focused on driving at the unit level, the margin improvement across the board. So, focusing on those premium mixes where we know the demand is focusing on the premium vehicles where there's supply constraints. Those are lessons that we can take into the future going forward and are going to help us not just with ICE profitability and margins, but also help pave the way for an EV strategy that is really focused on consistent margin performance going forward. So, incredibly proud of what the organization has done, and certainly think there's more to come. Now we've been doing all of this in a lower SAAR environment and feel really good about our ability to continue that should we get back to more historical normal levels at higher volumes across the board. So, I think it's been good lessons learned, and you never let a good crisis go to waste. And I think that's where we've seen some really good long-term permanent learnings for the organization.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Good morning, Mark. So, what I would say is it's a little bit of a step function, right? So, as we build a plant or transform a plant, we've got to fill that up to maximize efficiency, so the decision to defer Orion is really an example of not rushing to build that full infrastructure before we know that we can fill it up. So, ultimately it leads to more of an efficient transition. So, what I would say is we've got good capacity at the facilities that we've already transformed and we're working to scale those to that capacity as quickly as we can. So, it remains a big part of it but I think you're going to see a little bit of step changes through the transformation as we bring that incremental capacity online, but that's part of our plans, it's all rolled into the targets that we've outlined on our ability to hit the load of mid-single-digit margins on EVs in 2025 and then grow from there.
Mary Barra: Rod, this is Mary. Yes, we're committed to the $2 billion that we've talked about. And we already have tremendous work underway to continue to take costs out of the business. So, I don't really think this changes our product portfolio. As Paul said, as we get further into the transformation to EV, it's a bit bumpy, which is not unexpected. And so, what we're moving to is something that we can react in a much more agile way to make sure that we have the right vehicles. And I believe our portfolio that we have that looks at the most important segments, and make sure that we have the right entries. We're already seeing strong demand for entries when we have EVs that people actually want to buy. So, I think there is a lot of focus in the portfolio to have the right cells, but just to give ourselves more flexibility. And I think the Bolt EV versus the previous [AV] (ph) that we had in the portfolio was a great example. We were able to get the Bolt EV more quickly. As we've mentioned, it will require a lot less capital deploy. And frankly, we're leveraging the strong customer enthusiasm that people have for the Bolt EV. So, it's decisions like that where we're still going to have the right portfolio but do it more effectively from a cost and timing perspective.
Mary Barra: Sure, thanks, Itay. And exactly as Paul said, we're taking steps to better position ourselves as we expand. But we are very much committed to the low-to-mid single-digit margin target in 2025 for our EVs. And it's not one thing, it's multiple things. So, first, as I mentioned just a minute ago, it's having the right products in the right segments that have the right features, the right range, the right functionality, et cetera. That's number one. And I think the Silverado EV is a prime example when you look at the range that vehicle has in bidirectional charging. So, also, the feedback that we're getting on the Blazer EV is outstanding as well. So, those are just two examples. It's also the fact that we'll be well into the scale of the battery cells at that point in time. And I already mentioned how much the cost has come down just from having one module to virtually having, by the end of the year, on plan, we'll have the Lordstown plant fully ramped. And then we're on track for the other plant. So, getting the Ultium battery cells scaled will be another important piece. I talked about, last time, what we're doing with winning with simplicity. And really honing in and going to market in a simpler way that, frankly, we think is better for the consumer because they're not overwhelmed with the number of choices they need to make. And taking that kind of order complexity and build combination complexity out drops a tremendous amount of cost to the bottom line from designing it, engineering it, sourcing it, and planning for it to get [lineside] (ph). And then we've seen product improvements. With the Ultium, it was our first generation. We learned a lot from the Bolt that went into how we designed this first round of Ultium product, but we're already seeing improvements we can make in Ultium, and then improvements we can make beyond the EV platform in these vehicles that will make them more efficient. And it's appropriate application of things like [giga-castings] (ph), which is already on the C8. We learned a lot on the CT6. It will be a part of CELESTIQ. And there's other vehicles that we haven't announced yet that it will be an important part of. So, it's, frankly, looking at fundamentally everything. But we remain committed to get there. And, frankly, where lithium prices are trending is another enabler.
Mary Barra: Well, we're going to have a lot more to say about Cruise in the latter part of this year. Paul will be at a Barclays Conference. We also will have fourth quarter earnings, and then our Investor Day. So, we do believe that Cruise has tremendous opportunity to grow and expand. Safety will be our gating factor as we do that, and continuing to work with the cities that we're deploying in. So, we'll have more to say about that at a later date. But rest assured we do have funding plans that will support Cruise's expansion.
Mary Barra: As we've already said, the Ultium platform is chemistry-agnostic. And so, we will continue to look to make programs. And as we go forward, we will adapt. There'll be, I think, Ultium 2.0 as we get into the latter part of this decade, as well as many other parts of the vehicle. Again, I think it's hard to really explain without being in person. And we'll do this when we're together at our Investor Day, of the simplification that we can do to the vehicles that makes them easier to build. And, frankly, the mindset change we've had from a complexity perspective is pretty significant. So, again it's yes, there's going to be improvements. We'll continue to drive efficiencies in the Ultium platform. But it's also, broadly, across the entire vehicle.
Mary Barra: No, we plan on having the ramp at Lordstown will continue as it is. And the plant in Spring Hill comes online next year. And then we have plant three in Michigan that follows, and then the work with Samsung. We'll keep all of those on track because we believe strongly that we need those cells. Now, obviously, if we have to evaluate and slow something down, but at this time we don't see a need to do that with the plans that we've outlined here.
Mary Barra: Hey, Joe, just on that, again, I want to reiterate. We're going to respond to demand. And we're going to make sure we have the right products at the right time, but we're not overbuilding.
Mary Barra: Well, first on the first question, we remain committed to low single-digit margins IRA. Nothing has changed there. And so, as you said it would be similar to ICE like margins with what we believe we know the IRA to be. We still are waiting for final clarification from Treasury on a couple aspects of that. And then, again, as Paul outlined, with the flexibility we have in Ramos, with the flexibility that we have in Spring Hill and our plants, I don't think it's that we'll adjust down the amount of capacity that we'll have. It's just that we're going to be able to respond very quickly to EV or AV depending on where the customer is and what they demand. So, I think we're going to need the capacity and again the flexibility that we have is I think going to be one of the ways that GM is going to be better positioned to serve the market for both ICE and EV as we move in this transition period.
Mary Barra: Adam, first of all, I completely agree with you. I think the stock is undervalued. Even if it was just an ICE EV and software company, I think the cruise piece of it is further. I think as we continue to expand cruise in a very thoughtful way, focused on safety, I think people will see and start to unlock. I mean, just last week we announced the opportunity that we have with Honda and Cruise and General Motors in Japan. And so, to be able to be involved in driving expansion, not just in the United States, but globally, I think it's going to be an important part of Cruise's mid to longer-term future of success. So, we do believe in the technology. As I said in my remarks, it is safer than a human driver and is constantly improving and getting better. And that's what we're focused on doing.
Mary Barra: Well, Dan, I appreciate the question. We really want to focus on both, but it's got to be profitable growth. When you look at the EVs and even our ICE vehicles, I just mentioned that the Trax 50% of the customers for the new Trax are new to General Motors. So, from an EV's point specifically, we think that along the coast where EV adoption is higher, that's going to be a growth opportunity for us over the next several years. And we're going to just focus on continuing to have winning ICE and winning EV products that people want to buy. And so, I don't I felt like your question is saying, are you just going to shrink? And the answer is no. That's not our intent. Our intent is to be profitable and then grow and expand, and we think we have the opportunity to do that.
Mary Barra: So, as I mentioned before, we will have the Lordstown plant up full capacity at the end of this year, which then allows for it to have a full-year next year. The Spring Hill plant will start early next year. There was a couple of weeks, it was supposed to originally start at the end of this year. There was a couple of weeks due to some construction delays but it now is on track, and it will ramp with all the benefit of the learnings. And we fully believe we're going to need all the cells from both of those plants. And then, when you get to the Michigan plant, again, we think that there's going to be demand there as we continue to though be agile and resilient and build to where customer demand is, we can obviously make some changes there. But right now the cadence I talked about is when those plants start and that the fourth plant will be likely very early '26 having good, good progress with Samsung. So, we're not slowing the ramp of the battery plants down at all. I think as you know, battery cells are the constraint of the industry. And so, we're going to -- we think we're going to need all of those even with this ramp change that we've made with Orion and some of the other programs I mentioned it's just -- it's a couple months in most cases.
Mary Barra: Right now the Ultium team that is a separate company is negotiating, that the employees at Lordstown voted to unionize, and so that local leadership team is negotiating with the UAW to have their own agreement. We did have some conversations and we did put an offer on the table that would put the Ultium cells under the scope of the master agreement and we believed at the time that it would allow for which it must have benchmark economics and also operating flexibility because the battery cell plant is very different than some of the traditional operations we won right now, but at this point that offer remains open, but the focus is on Ultium getting their own agreement.
Mary Barra: Yes. I mean, obviously, we provide regular input into the administration and the regulatory agencies. I've been very clear and on the record that the regulations can't get in front of EV demand at some of which is will be enabled by having a robust charging infrastructure. So, we regularly have those conversations, and we'll do what it takes to meet the regulatory environment as well.
Mary Barra: Well, if we first start with the GMI market X China, again, we see a really strong improvement across all of the countries that we're in from South America to the Middle East to Korea et cetera. We're going to continue to focus on and the -- one again it's operating disciple. It's also having the right products for those markets and understanding in some cases especially in markets like South America where we price for what's happening from a current foreign currency exchange perspective. And we are seeing the products because of the strength of them hold up. So, very pleased with where the GMI markets are. And as you focus on China, China is still -- we are looking for potentially a modest recovery continuing into Q4. But the real focus for General Motors in China is to make sure we get our Ultium products out there from a Buick and a Cadillac perspective. And then, also focus on the right products from an SGM Wuling perspective. And then, remember we are also expanding for premium import. And we think those three initiatives are going to position us well even in uncertain market that we are facing in China that gives us a lot of optionality at the -- I'll say the entry level on value part of the market, the mid part of the market, and then at the top part of the market.
Mary Barra: Great. Well, thank you, Amanda. And thanks everybody for joining the call today. It's clear that we are dealing with a lot of near-term uncertainty. And then, also the -- I'll say the transition that -- to EVs that will have ups and downs. But I hope it's equally clear that we are going to be acting with purpose. We are going to remain agile. And we are making sure we have a system that has the ability to respond to where the market is. And our commitment is to deliver a strong and profitable ICE business as well as a strong and profitable EV business for our future. In addition, I think if you look deeper into the organization that Mike Abbott has built from a software perspective, this is really foundational for us to be able to capture additional revenue with a very different margin profile than some of the aspects of the vehicle and the business that we have today. And then, finally, we see tremendous opportunity with Cruise. And we'll continue to work across not only this country working with our regulators to make sure we can deploy Cruise safely. I know the UAW contract is one of the biggest sources of uncertainty right now. But I want to remind you with what I said earlier, we will not agree to a contract that isn't responsible for our employees and for our shareholders. We need to make sure we have a contract that is going to allow us to compete and win in what is a challenging market for EVs and also allows us to support the business that we have with strong margins in our ICE business. When we do reach an agreement, we will schedule an event shortly thereafter to discuss the economics and our strategy for managing them. And as Paul said, we will host our next Investor Day in March to go even deeper into the ICE, EV, AV, and specifically our software plans. When you look at our growth businesses especially Cruise and software, we are at an inflection point right now. And see tremendous upside opportunity and growth. And so, we look forward to discussing each of them with you in more detail as we move forward. So, make no mistake, GM is very committed to all EV future. We are not changing any of our goals there. We are just trying to make sure the company is more agile and resilient so that we can be successful as we manage this transformation. So, want to thank you again for joining us. Thanks for your questions. And I hope everyone has a good day.
