Paul Jacobson: Yes. So Itay, I will start on the inflation pieces and the mix side. So, if you look at the inflation that we saw in the quarter, I would say about half of it is commodity-driven and then about the other half is split between logistics and other supply chain challenges that we have seen before. I think – the thing I am excited about in the quarter is that when you look at inflation, the pricing and the mix was able to offset largely all of that inflation as we expected it to do. I think where the second quarter challenges manifested is, obviously, we were expecting higher volumes. We have been dealing with some of these chip issues for the last couple of years. This one was a little bit late breaking, which affected the volume and the mix on the quarter. Otherwise, I think it was a really good quarter. And we feel good about making up all that volume in the back half of the year as we have outlined. So I think with the vehicles being completed out of that inventory, we should see a little bit of a richer mix in Q3 and Q4 largely because of the truck side of it, but that’s going to help us keep us on track to the $13 billion to $15 billion.
Paul Jacobson: John, it’s Paul. I think as we look at that, it becomes less a question about volume and more a question about pricing. So what do you have to do to stimulate the same volumes that we’ve seen. It’s a rather unique circumstance because I don’t think we’ve ever gone into the economic noise with as low SARs as we’re seeing. But a lot of that has been production. I think that’s led to some of the pent-up demand that gives us confidence at least in the near-term, in the mid-term to continue to produce these vehicles and take the type of position that we took with the vehicles built without certain components. So I think it really comes down to more on the pricing on the consumer side. And all the data that we’re seeing continues to give rise to strong demand for our products.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, good morning, Rod. It’s a fair question. I think when you look at the inventory levels, as they sit right now, the overwhelming majority of the inventory is actually in transit. It’s not on the dealer lots, which I think is very different than what we’ve seen in the past. And as others have talked about, the logistics of getting vehicles to the dealers has been a little bit slower than normal. So I think as vehicles are getting to the dealers, they’re continuing to turn very fast. We are watching that closely. That’s probably one of the key data points that I spend the most time thinking about is the turn times once the vehicles come. So I think the pricing environment that we’re in right now has been very good, very robust. And I think it demonstrates the demand for our products. So we’ve got to continue to monitor that and continue to watch it because the cash flow that we’ve got and running the business for cash flow is critical to help fund our journey in the EV transformation.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So Rod, I would say two things to that. Number one, we’ve talked about taking a portfolio approach to these commodities, meaning that we’ll take some index pricing, we’ll take some fixed pricing, we’ll take some discounted pricing. We’re willing to invest and prepay and just be very flexible as it relates to the suppliers. And two, I would say we’re focused on long-term partnerships. These aren’t just contracts that we’re looking to say, give me this volume of material. It’s about helping our suppliers. Those producers expand their operations and doing it in a way that is focused on creating efficiencies within the entire supply chain. So these agreements today represent, I think, what is the best of the best out there in terms of creating these partnerships for the mutual interest of our suppliers and ourselves.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So Joe, I would say that based on what we can see and as we’ve talked about before, we get together weekly with the supply chain team to talk about this. And what we see out on the horizon gives us comfort in hitting that 25% to 30% goal. And while the year-over-year increases have been lower than that in the first half, remember how challenged we were in the third quarter of last year with Malaysia. That seemed to impact us somewhat uniquely. So that’s where we get a lot of confidence. And we’re already essentially 1 month through the quarter, and that’s given us more confidence in terms of hitting those numbers and what the team has been able to do, both with production as well as completing those vehicles. So no concern yet. But as this quarter indicated, things sometimes happen, but that’s what we’ve got to do to be able to manage tactically. It was unfortunate that it happened at the end of the quarter because it crosses that quarter end. But the result is we will have that mitigated within that sort of 4 to 6-month time horizon, and we feel good about that based on our forward projections.
Paul Jacobson: And Joe, that ramp too is, I think, pretty consistent if you just look linearly to 2025, getting to 1 million from where we are right now. So I think this shows how far ahead of this we are because cell plant 2 is coming on in ‘23, cell plant 3 in ‘24 and so on. So we really see this as a very thoughtful, methodical approach of ramping up that volume. But I think you pointed out why we’re so excited about the trajectory of where we sit right now.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. So I would say that at the end of the day, all the data that we’ve seen to date on vehicle pricing and demand remains strong. I think I alluded to turn times earlier, what we see with Dan’s data from GM Financial but also importantly, the fact that while we’ve increased production to date, inventories on the ground at dealers hasn’t changed in really about six quarters even as production has gone up. So we still think that there is a big pocket of demand that hasn’t been met yet. And we continue to meet that. We’ll respond, but we – if we need to, but we feel good about where that sits, which is why we had the confidence to build those vehicles without fully completing them and be able to work through those. As it relates to the chips, again, we had a level of confidence about the chip supply as we gave our guidance for 2022. It didn’t mean that it was over. In fact, we highlighted that we’d still see some challenges, and we have seen challenges but largely been in line with our expectations for the year. So there hasn’t been anything in the first 6 months or even the last couple of months that has deteriorated our confidence in being able to hit that full year goal. And in some cases, pricing has been more resilient for longer than we expected going into the year. So that’s kind of what’s giving us the confidence around that $13 billion to $15 billion guide, and we continue to remain focused on it.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So, I think at the end of the day, it’s continuing to perform at or faster than we expected going forward. The increase in cost is both headcount, but it’s also a change in the compensation expense, given what we have seen with the liquidity option that we have provided. That’s all built into our cash expectation for the year. So, there haven’t really been any surprises for Cruise going forward.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning Emmanuel, I think two things to that. Number one, we are going through our long-term planning process with the Board. And we will have more to share in the fall just generally about the multiyear forecast and kind of how we are trending towards Investor Day goals, etcetera. Second, I think that there is a level of sort of normalization, and there is a level of recession across the board. So, as Mary articulated, looking at moderate and severe is kind of what dictates that. So, I think when we look at pricing, certainly in a down demand world, we would expect to see potentially some significant moves in pricing. But I think as we model out the recession, then we have got to figure out what happens to commodities, what happens to logistics, etcetera, where we would expect a lot of the air to come out of that balloon. So, I think we have got a decent sort of natural hedge to some of that in the event of a downturn. But no comments on any specific pricing variables that we are putting into it.
Paul Jacobson: So, as we have talked about before, Emmanuel, I think our goal here is to get EVs to ICE parity by mid to late part of the decade going forward. So, I think we haven’t talked specifically about vehicle profitability and we don’t. But I think, generally, with EVs, I think you are going to see some rapid improvement in profitability on every model as we scale it up. And as we get the Ultium battery plants flowing and increase capacity, that’s a key driver of our strategy going forward. So, in the short run, there is some pressure, but I am not sure that it’s all that meaningful against where we are. As we get to getting to the 1 million vehicles and beyond, we should expect some pretty steady year-over-year improvements as we ramp up EV production.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. I would say, James, it’s premature to be giving any 2023 guidance from that standpoint. Certainly, it would be better as evidenced by the fact that you look in 2021, we had a lag benefit as commodity prices were going up. So, we have about a third of our commodities that are kind of on index pricing and about two-thirds that are on sort of multiyear agreements going forward. So, I would say stay tuned for that. The commodities environment is obviously going to change quite a bit from here to there. But there are some savings there certainly as it sits right now.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So, on the Department of Energy loan, we obviously still need to close that loan. As we close it, we will have more details on it. But it is a loan to Ultium Cells LLC, so it benefits both us and LG Energy Solutions, and it is non-recourse to GM. Beyond that, we will disclose more at closing.
Mary Barra: And from a downturn perspective, we are looking at, I’ll say, moderate downturn and a more severe. And we know the actions that we would take. As I mentioned, we’ve already started to reduce discretionary spending, but we are doing critical skill hires because we feel we’re positioned right now to continue executing our EV strategy even with some of the different things that might hit us. And it’s a really unique time because there are so many factors that are very positive. As I mentioned, we’re still seeing strong demand, but there are some indicators that look – that freight uncertainty for the future. So we’ve done a lot in preparation. If you go back to the transformation that we did in 2018 and 2019, we completed in 2020 that took out about $4 billion to $4.5 billion of cost. We also have systematically reduced vehicles and exited unprofitable segments and regions. You’ve seen about a $2 billion improvement in GMI versus 2018. And we’ve done significant restructuring in India, Southeast Asia and Russia as well as retiring the Holden brand in Australia. So, the steps that we’re taking right now is continue to focus on eliminating complexity reduction, not only in our ICE lineup, but also in our EV lineup to be very customer-focused. We’ve done a lot as it relates to reuse, driving manufacturing efficiencies, go-to-market where we’re finding efficiencies that we can actually reduce the cost of selling a vehicle and then our overall fixed cost. And so we – again, it’s hard to predict exactly what the margins would be depending on what happens, where is demand. What we’re seeing right now, we’re still seeing strong demand for our products and frankly, as Paul said, even going in the second half of the year a higher mix. But believe me, we’ve run many different scenarios, and we know the steps. We’ve taken a lot of steps already, but we know the steps we would take if the situation went in a different direction.
Mary Barra: Yes. Each supplier depending on where they’re located, I think, is facing different circumstances and situation. And we have a team in our supply chain group that works with each of these suppliers. First, what we do is we go in and try to help them address their costs, figure out what we need to do to get the right resources. And so it’s a very active group right now as we work across the supply chain because we know we need to have suppliers who are healthy, can get and hire the people that they need, that they’re trained and that they can deliver high-quality parts to us. So I would say there’s ongoing work. And there are a lot of anecdotal stories, but we just work each and every one. As it relates to the semiconductors, we do see impact from semis into next year. And – but I think depending on where we’re at with demand, right now, it’s hard to exactly forecast what will happen because we’re selling every vehicle we can make right now. And we think there’s an opportunity – we’re at suboptimal levels from an inventory days on the field. We’ll never go back to where we were before the pandemic. But right now, it’s a little too lean. So even as we are hoping and what we see now is that we have strong demand, let’s remember, we have new refresh full-size trucks. Our SUVs are, again, very strong with the enhancements that we made. And so if that – even as – or if I should say, if we get to a more normalized level that we aren’t – don’t have pent-up demand for full-size trucks, SUVs and midsized crossovers, we still have some work to do to get a healthy level of inventory, a very lean but healthy level of inventory. So that’s what we’re focused on. And frankly, we need more chips to do that. And as we move and continue to put more technology in vehicles, we needed even more semiconductors. That’s why the strategy that we’re putting in place for the 2026 time frame to have three families of semis that we leverage across our vehicles will give us much more stability, resilience and ability to transfer the semis to the segments that are most in demand.
Mary Barra: John, it so depends on what vehicle segments. I mean, we do know trucks use more semiconductors. Full-size utilities use more semiconductors than a sedan. A lot of it depends on how much technology on the vehicle, for instance, Cruise or all of the power features. So it’s really hard to make a – just a swag of what that would be. But what I will say is if you get 20% more, it’s not 20% more vehicles, that’s for sure.
Mary Barra: Well, as I said in my remarks, we need the cells coming from the Ohio joint venture plant to really ramp the existing products we have, both the LYRIQ and the HUMMER. And we’re weeks away from that plant starting up. It will grow. So clearly, the bulk of the volume start to add in Q4 and then much more rapid increase because of that plant through next year. So – and we’ll be at full capacity. So you can almost do the math and look at it with the guidance we gave of 20% by quarter between now and then. And so the plan is very significant in helping us achieve the plan that we have to get to 400,000.
Mary Barra: So Adam, overall, we’re still targeting the 10% margins as we go through this decade. Of course, when you see some of the increases right now, they’re going to have an impact broadly not only the EV materials but across all commodities. But no one knows exactly where they’ll be in 2, 4, 6 years as we go through this. What we’re doing is we’re continuing to drive efficiencies. That’s what engineers do. We solve problems. We take cost out. We find technology solutions. We’re working with not only internally but with LG, but with several other EV people involved in the battery chemistry and different parts of it to take cost out. That’s why we have the Wallace R&D center for manufacturing starting up this fall. As we look at a lot of promising battery technologies, where people struggle is to scale at automotive grade and have the manufacturing consistency. We know how to do that, and that’s why we’ll have R&D operations working with many of these companies to do that. So I’m confident as we continue to progress, we’re going to find ways to take cost out and drive efficiencies that we’re going to achieve the goals that we had from a margin perspective.
Mary Barra: I’ll let Kyle comment, but I would say, first off, we are very confident and excited about Cruise’s opportunities to scale. With what they are demonstrating in 30% of the San Francisco area having the ability to charge for rides and with the plans that we have for this year and next, we are going to make sure that we have all of the resources available to scale that business quickly because we do think there is a first-mover advantage. And so one of the strengths and the work that Cruise and GM do together is make sure that we have a plan and we have the funding available to support a rapid growth strategy. I don’t know, Paul, if you have any specifics on the amortization of the investment.
Mary Barra: So, clearly, during the shutdown phase and specifically with a lot of our operations in Shanghai, we saw a drop in the Q2 timeframe. When some of those restrictions started to open, we already saw improvements in the June timeframe. And we are very optimistic that we can regain share and also be a very significant player from an EV perspective. We have the LYRIQ launch that’s coming very shortly. And we have our plans there to convert more than 50% of our foot – manufacturing footprint in China to EV production by 2030. We also have the strong performance and the leaders – sales leadership that we have with SGMW with the Hong Guang Mini. So, we are expecting a recovery. It might be slowed as China ramps. We are encouraged by some of the stimulus that the government has put in. But we do feel with our lineup coming in China, we will have a strong recovery.
Mary Barra: So, that’s what we are continuing to work to make sure that we hit those and go well below $100 because we need to do that from an affordability perspective. And again, as I mentioned before, it will be by manufacturing efficiencies, by scaling the operations, we have an advantage with the LTM platform because we can scale. We don’t have a lot of unique configuration that’s going to help us take cost out as well overall. So, we are looking at the total cost of the vehicle. I mean in some of the cases, the raw material prices will be what they are, but we think we will have a differential advantage to our competitors because of the strategy that we are executing.
Mary Barra: First, I think Chris, Kyle and I are going to be speaking in September at the conference, the Goldman Sachs conference there. And then we will be providing more input from a forecast for 2023 when we give guidance. So, I would say we are going to make sure we fund Cruise and the spending is done in such a way that we can gain share and have a leadership position as well as we have plans that we are taking cost out as well as we – as the technology matures. Obviously, the Origin will be an important part of that as well. So, what I would ask is you stay tuned until we talk in September, and then we will give further guidance as we give overall guidance for 2023.
Mary Barra: So, the announcement for the fourth battery plant will be in the not-too-distant future. It will definitely be this year. So, just stay tuned on that. Obviously, there is a lot – the team has done a tremendous amount of work. So, we are approaching announcement there. And then I will let you talk about the terms.
Mary Barra: Well, I think as we ramp up, scale is going to be a very important piece of it. I would also say the team continues to find opportunities to take cost out of battery cell manufacturing, finding manufacturing efficiencies. We have found opportunities in purchasing. We can – and over the, I will say, the mid to a little bit longer term, we will continue to look at what chemistries we can use that improve cost, also chemistries that use less of the more expensive materials. So, Colin, really, we look at every single element to take cost out. Our number one goal right now is to get these battery plants up and get it launched because there is such strong demand for the products that we have, whether it’s the HUMMER or the LYRIQ and continuing – we are seeing really good interest in the Bolt from a customer perspective. But as we get into next year with the Silverado EV, the Blazer EV, the Equinox EV and yet this year later, the SUV of the HUMMER, we are busy getting everything ramped up. And then if one thing General Motors’ engineering team and manufacturing team knows how to do is take cost out, and we will do it.
Mary Barra: No. I mean there could be for specific products, we might be seeing that. But frankly, for our most in-demand products, when you look at full-size trucks and SUVs, there is – we still really aren’t seeing a change in the lead time to get these products out.
Mary Barra: Well, right now, we can’t build enough full-size trucks and SUV as we mentioned, mid-teens and even lower from a – for full-size SUVs. So, it’s something we watch very, very carefully. And I think the opportunity we have, we still expect very strong demand. A lot of these vehicles, we have customers waiting for them. Believe me, I get emails from them waiting for their trucks and SUVs. And so we are confident with the decision we made in June to build these vehicles that we are going to see strong demand. And then post that, when we do eventually, and we don’t know when start to see demand start to normalize, we still have work to do to build the inventory to the appropriate level. Again, never back to where even close to where we were, but at a level. So, with that, we are confident in the vehicles we are building today that we have strong demand for them.
Mary Barra: Yes. So, we look across all the whole EV portfolio that we have off of Ultium and look where the strongest demand is. And in general, we are going to allocate where we see the strongest demand. The challenge we have right now is our – that’s why we are so excited to get battery plant cell one up and next year plant two and the following year plant three because right now, our demand is outstripping our capacity. And so we look to kind of make sure we are covering all the key segments and the customers. And a lot of it is just looking at what that demand is and kind of allocating across. So, we will continue to do that, especially where we see the strongest demand for whether it’s the fleet vehicles from BrightDrop, knowing the importance of getting affordable EVs out with the Blazer and Equinox, but also the strength that we are going to see – that we are already seeing in the Silverado EV and the LYRIQ as well. So, it’s a problem we are working out of, but frankly, it’s a better problem to have than others.
Mary Barra: It will be more spread out as we look to have the portfolio because remember, having vehicles in the key segments that there is huge demand for, I think is going to drive EV volume. So, again, we will allocate as we evaluate the market and the ability because we have common cells and the packs that gives us a lot of flexibility to make decisions as we see how the demand unfolds.
Mary Barra: Thank you so much. As Paul and I have discussed today, we believe the team is executing well on both our short-term and our long-term commitments even in this environment that’s pretty uncertain. We have a strong foundation in place. And we believe, as I just said, we are rolling out the right EVs in the right segments. We have strength across Cadillac, strength across Chevy, and you will see it in GMC and HUMMER as well. And we also – the feedback that we are getting with the performance, the design, the technology on these vehicles, we couldn’t be more pleased with the response that we are seeing from every vehicle that we reveal. So, we feel that there is going to be strong customer demand, and that will, again, as we execute our business plan, get us to the margin targets that we have talked about. I will also say, we are very pleased that we will host another investor event in the fall in New York City and one that includes hands-on experience with their EVs. So, you can see these vehicles and the strengths that they bring to the market. We are going to have more details to share soon, but please mark your calendars for November 17th. And I look forward to seeing you there if I don’t before then. So, thanks again for all your questions, and I hope everybody has a good day.
