Mary Barra: Thanks, Paul. Now I've said many times that the resiliency and creativity are drivers for our success, so is accountability. One reason why Cruise has accomplished so much so quickly is that, the team is inspired by its mission, and everyone has a financial stake in the company's success. The new equity compensation program Cruise created is designed to reinforce its culture and to help to continue to attract the best and the brightest talent. Paul said, it has been very well received and it will help keep everyone focused on the mission at hand. At GM, our compensation has always been driven by the company's success, and no one should doubt our commitment to lead in EVs or the passion our team has for that mission. That's why this is the right time to directly link a significant part of the long-term compensation for me and every other GM executive to meeting our EV goals. Starting this year, we have added metrics for EV volumes in North America, EV launch timing and EV launch quality to our existing EBIT margin and total shareholder return measures. The metrics are in place now, and they will appear in our proxy statement, which we'll file on April 29, but I wanted to share the news today to underscore our commitment to our EV future. Now Paul and I are happy to take your questions.
Mary Barra: So Joe, I'm not going to get into specific quantities. But what I would say is, with all the work that we're doing, we feel very confident that we're going to be able to hit the 400,000 between 2022 and 2023 and get to 1 million units in North America and an additional 1 million units in China by 2025, and we're even working on the 2026 to 2030 time frame, as we have pretty aggressive targets for our EV growth during that time. So, again, there's tremendous work that has gone on. It's been going on for well over a year, and we'll continue to announce things, not when we start working on them, but when have signed agreements. So, again, I think this will be a competitive advantage for General Motors.
Mary Barra: I think it is, Joe. I mean, we understand affordability for those customers, and we're going to work to work the equation work. The advantages that we have because of the scale that we're going to have, the continued work we do on improving the next-generation chemistries for Ultium, so we're not walking those prices back -- or up, I should say, I guess.
Mary Barra: Hey, Rod, the only other thing I would add, too, is we are seeing very strong demand for General Motors products. I mean, we have a new Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra coming out, very focused with what the customer is looking for. We think that's going to continue to drive strong demand. And really across all of our products, whether it's the Trailblazer, all the way up to the full-size pickups and our midsized use as well. So I think we're going to continue to see, from a GM perspective, our product portfolio is very strong.
Mary Barra: So, from a supply base perspective, we continue to work with them. We have -- we understand that the supply base is being impacted by the current environment, and we're working with them in a very transparent manner to understand the specific impacts to their business. And then working together to identify efficiencies to help mitigate the headwinds or other measures that we have that we can take to make sure -- we need to make sure we keep a healthy and resilient supply base. So that's the work that we have been -- frankly, we do all the time, and we'll continue to do that with our suppliers.
Mary Barra: So let me start with the last question. Because we don't have a presence in Europe, although, we do see that as a tremendous growth opportunity for our EV portfolio as we go forward, we aren't really seeing a lot of impact. We work with our suppliers and understanding their tiers to make sure. So our supply chain exposure from a European perspective, due to the tragic situation in the Ukraine is fairly limited, and we work to mitigate any of those risks. So that's from a Europe perspective. From a semiconductor, we are on track. We think we're going to see that 25% to 30% wholesale volume increase from last year to this year. And that will continue -- it will continue to get better, H2 being better than H1. I do see a trail into 2023 with semis, but I think we'll continue to mitigate that. There are -- there's other risks that we face on almost a daily or weekly basis with the supply chain that our team just continues to work and find solutions, find other sources. I couldn't be more pleased with the work that they're doing. So we'll continue that focus. And from a China perspective, we are seeing some -- what we think are green shoots with the government looking -- first of all, deeming automotive and the supply base to be essential and helping us find ways to keep production moving. And so, with that, we think we'll be -- our current look, if that is executed as it's been discussed, we think there's an opportunity that will mitigate those lockdowns, because we've really -- or mitigate the effects from the lockdowns, because it's been a minimal impact so far. We recognize the situation is dynamic, though, so we continue to monitor on a daily basis. So I guess, Dan, as I look overall, it's a very dynamic situation. There is some volatility with everything that's happening in the world, but we just try to get in front of it as quickly as we can and find solutions, which I think a proof point of us being able to do that is, the strong results we had in Q1.
Mary Barra: So, we delivered the HUMMER on time to what we said, and there were tremendous lessons learned. And I think this is the -- one of the benefits coming from having a dedicated EV platform and the way that it's a modular plug-and-play and the wireless battery control system that we are able to take time out of the VDP, our vehicle development process, already use the acronym. And so, that will -- we were able to, looking at that, pull the LYRIQ ahead nine months. And so, we're definitely looking at every learning that we have from that. And so it gives me confidence that we have shortened the time. Now going from -- taking almost half the time out, I'm not ready to sign up that we're going to go even quicker than that. And I'm not going to say that's a supply base issue. When you're developing an all-new vehicle and making sure it has the technology and that the customers expect, whether it's Super Cruise or everything from a connectivity and the upgradability that Ultifi will enable, I think, as we can continue on with the timing that we've demonstrated on HUMMER and the LYRIQ, and it -- I think that's -- that we're going to be focused. But that's going to allow us to have a pretty rapid clip of product launches, as you look at the HUMMER SUV is coming, the Silverado EV, the Equinox, the Blazer and the electrified Corvette. And I would say another enabler of that is, is our manufacturing transition and the ability that we're not starting from ground, with -- looking for a piece of property and then looking through the whole permitting process, we're transitioning our manufacturing footprint. And not only does that give us a timing advantage on turning the facility over, which we've now demonstrated with Factory ZERO and with Spring Hill, but also, we have a trained talented workforce that we're leveraging and is, again, based on my trip, I've been at a couple of our plants lately and they're super excited with the new products they're rolling out. So, I think, the speed that we've been able to bring EVs on, is something that will continue.
Mary Barra: Yes. We definitely are seeing not only new customers to General Motors, but we are seeing a focus from both the East and the West Coast, where there already is a stronger demand. So what we predicted that we would see is, because we tend to underperform from a -- what I call our fair share perspective on the coast, we are seeing exactly what we said that, that was an opportunity for us to seize. We're seeing that in the reservations and also bringing new people to the company.
Mary Barra: So, appreciate the question. And first of all, we do believe, over the long term, people will see that our dealer network is a competitive advantage. They're highly experienced. We have not only the ability to meet the customer where they want, whether they want to do something completely online, or actually go to the store, which cuts a lot of the customers. As we look at them, they still want to go in and literally kick the tires. But what we have been doing is working together to unlock efficiencies to find a better way to serve the customers and to leverage those efficiencies. So we both reduce the overall cost of sale as opposed to looking at how the pie is divided. And we've been very successful at doing that, as we roll out the new digital retail platform that we showed at Investor Day, I think that is going to be that is going to be a huge enabler to reduce the cost of the sale. And, again, we will share in a piece of that. We're confident in our plans, and we have the support of our network. We have over 95% of our Chevrolet EV dealers signing up to the platform and preparing for a phased rollout yet this year. And that's going to give customers the opportunity. They can expect to have accurate transparent pricing, and they also will be able to compare across dealers. So we think that the work that we're doing with our dealers, because we see them as a partner and making sure the customer has an overall exceptional customer ownership experience is going to be a distinguisher.
Mary Barra: Well, as we look at MSRPs, if we see -- there's a small handful of dealers that are not behaving consistent with the agreement we have with them. And we deal with them and they lose allocation. For the most part, our dealers are respecting the MSRP. I have actually had dealers send me letters committing to me that they're doing that. So we address those handful of exceptions, but for the most part, I think that's what customers will see.
Mary Barra: Hey. And before we go to the next question, let me -- I think, in answer to Itay's question, I found the information. For example, on the Silverado EV, 60% of the reservations are new to GM, 70% of the reservations are from East and West Coast. So I was -- I didn't want to quote the numbers without confirming them. But, Itay, that's the numbers behind my answer to your question. Operator, we can move on.
Mary Barra: Adam, it is small. And like I said, we address it, especially those that -- it's a high, high number. So I don't have a percent off the top of my head. But again, our dealers, and we have done a lot of work with our dealers over the last couple of years, especially as they sign into our agreements and make the investments necessary to sell EVs. So I’m very confident we have – we'll continue to work with our dealers to serve the customer well and provide a great customer experience.
Mary Barra: Hey, Adam, you're fading out. I heard you say, is there any part of your battery supply chain, and then you faded out.
Mary Barra: For the numbers that we put out, the 100,000 in 2022 and 2023 and the 1 million by 2025, barring something completely unforeseen, I think that's where we are, and we're working to find upside opportunity.
Mary Barra: And on the Cruise question, it's just -- it's really too early in the first tender offer to start giving any of those numbers. So just, it's too early to share anything there.
Mary Barra: So I think -- I appreciate that you recognize that we made the investments a handful of years ago that gives us the LTM platform where we really can do products like the Silverado EV that don't have any compromises with higher range, faster, fast charging, things like four-wheel steer, all because of a ground-up design. And I think everybody needs to also recognize that this platform is going to give us scalability that will lead to a cost advantage and a high degree of reuse. So I definitely think I'm very happy that we made those changes. And when you really get in and look at the organizational structure, we already have a dedicated team that works on the whole EV propulsion system. We have a dedicated Vice President where all the EV programs, all the chief engineers and all the EV programs report. We have EV Growth that looks at how we're going to go to market and has led the creation of the digital retail platform that we shared last year. We -- and part of the 2018 transformation that we did, we pulled all the software together. And since that point in time, so since 2018, early 2019, we have been -- had all that software together, and I think that's what's allowed us to accelerate. And we started rolling out the vehicle intelligence platform, which gives us pretty much over-the-air capability across the whole vehicle in 2019, and it's come out in every vehicle and now where they're taking that to the next level with Ultifi. So when you look at the structure of our company, a lot of the key work that needs to be done to enable our EV success was put in place in 2018, 2019 and 2020. And as we look across -- and I spend a lot of time talking to our employees across the whole organization, and no matter what they're working on, they're excited to be a part of our all-EV future. Let's remember, at General Motors, over 40% of our salaried employees and even higher percent of our technical talent has been with the company five years or less. And so they're here because of the mission for EVs. And we believe every single one of them is valuable and has an important role to play in our future EV, whether they're working on EVs today or they work on seats or they work on software design or interior design, all those things that exist in an EV as well. So I think the way we've really focused on what organizations need to be there. So we lead in EV execution with the scale and the high reuse that enables us to take time out of our EDP is where we're focused.
Mary Barra: Well, so two components of that. First, from a software perspective, we've already rolled out VIP and we're already taking it to the next level with Ultifi, which is going to really improve the speed at which we can make changes and make your product better as after you buy it, then you can download or have over-the-air updates of features that didn't even exist when you bought the vehicle. So, I think the mindset of agile quick and the vehicle just keeps getting better is well rooted in our software organization. And then when you look from an LTM perspective, remember, LTM is chemistry agnostic. We're working with many other companies and doing internal research that we will have -- to have the best battery chemistry and the LTM platform allows for that. It's upgradable. It even reads -- you can have variation within the platform. So, I think there was a lot of work that went into how Ultium was designed to give it the plug-and-play and knowing that chemistry was going to keep changing, and we needed to be agile because we can continue to work on taking cost out and improving energy density.
Mary Barra: Great. Well, thanks, everybody. Paul and I and Kyle and Dan really appreciate all of your questions. As we move through this year, I want to reiterate, we're now in execution mode, because we are – we are building on the investments we made over the last several years with Ultium and with the products that we put together with the shortening of the VDP. And when we look going forward, we have incredible momentum with the three battery plants between now and 2024 and another to be announced shortly as well as the conversion of four of our plants have either happened or happening in this time frame. So we're just going to keep, keep executing and keep working toward our EV leadership goal. And I think we have a team that has demonstrated that we're going to capitalize on opportunities. We're going to solve challenges and work with our stakeholders across the company to do just that. That's our commitment to you, and that's our commitment to our investors to really create value over the long term. And so I appreciate your commitment, and thanks. I hope everybody has a great evening.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Hey. Good evening, Rod. Thanks for the question. I think when you look at the track record of the company over the last couple of years, we've been able to pass through the inflationary pressures that we've seen to the customer. And that's really, I think, on the backs and the strength of the products that we've offered. Certainly, lower inventory levels have helped that in the short run. So I think, it's been a very good tool for us. I think, the billion-dollar question is, what happens when inflation is too much. And the thing we have to remember is these variables don't move independently. So in a world where we start to see inflation taking a toll on a consumer, you'd also expect there to be some reduction in commodity prices, et cetera, reflecting macro demand trends. So I think we're watching it very closely. And I think the message to take away from our first quarter performance, as well as going back through 2021, is the team’s been very nimble and adept at managing through this. And that's the confidence that we have today, at least, as we've given our guidance revision or our guidance reaffirmation, sorry.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. I mean, this is all based on sort of current forward curves and our expectations on what we know today. And I'm not trying to evade your question, I'm just trying to simply state that, the world is very dynamic right now, right? So what we don't want to do is overreact to something that might not be here in six months or 12 months from now. So I think what we're doing and what the team has demonstrated, whether it's commercially or on the cost front, is we're doing the things necessary to hold the line in face of the pressure that we're seeing. So as long as we continue to do that, I don't think there's any change in the strategy of how we're executing that, and we feel comfortable with where we are right now.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Hey, Mark. Thanks for the question. I think, as we've talked about, the demand that we see for our vehicles is quite strong, with most vehicles essentially being spoken for as soon as they deliver to the dealerships. And you see that in the fact that while production is up, grounded inventory remains quite low. So we've got really strong demand. I think, the new pickups are also a big piece of that going forward. So whether the confidence is in the data we see and whether that's unique to Good morning, because of the high quality of our products, we haven't seen any demonstrated weakness from that perspective going forward. We have to be nimble, though. And as I mentioned to an earlier question, we have to watch that balance between the strength of the consumer, as well as what we see in the input costs, et cetera, and making sure that we've got alignment on that. But as what the team has done is, we look at both go-to-market strategies, as well as cost reductions, and we've been targeting that. And I think the team has done a really good job. So we've got to be nimble and flexible. But right now, we see nothing but strength in the consumer and the demand for GM products.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Thanks, Itay. Well, I won't get into any specific pricing strategies about the future and what we're doing. I think, at the end of the day, as we said, the consumer demand for our products is quite strong. So when you look at the ability to capture price and demand from the content additions and the upgrades that we've made to the new models pickup trucks, that's well within the strategy and certainly what we've seen going forward. So I think there's an industry component. As we said at the beginning of the year, we don't expect industry inventories to increase substantially this year, even in the face of our own higher production, which I think has been a little bit more robust than what we've heard from some of our competitors going forward. So we think the supply-demand construct across the industry is good. And when you look at the combination of that with our products and what we've seen from our consumers, that's what gives us some of that confidence going forward, in terms of our ability to maintain where we are.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Emmanuel, thanks for the question. So I think it's a combination of things. Yes, we've talked about the $2.5 billion of incremental pressure. We hadn't commented specifically about the assumptions in terms of pricing. But I think what you've heard from us today is that we're reasonably confident about the pricing environment and the demand that we see for GM vehicles and what we've been able to achieve. And we talked about in the in the prepared remarks about the price increases, we've seen year-over-year from that perspective. The second piece of it is, going back to what we said about the full year. We talked about a couple of billion dollars of discretionary cost increases related to putting in the foundation for future growth. There's room to prioritize within that in terms of understanding what's converting to revenue sooner rather than later and making sure that we maintain flexibility. I think if you go back to our remarks, we talked about – we were putting that cost inflation in, because we had the comfort around the environment at the time. And while we've seen cost pressures on inflation, it allows us to go in and continue to manage that going forward. So between using that discretion, and prioritizing new ads as well as looking at core cost improvement in the business as we've done, I think the track record of the company is really, really strong. You go back to the programs that we did, the $4 billion to $4.5 billion that we said was done by 2020. The work that we've done in GMI, by improving profitability, almost $2 billion over where it was in 2018, points to the team's ability to do that. So while we haven't done an aggregate number that some of our competitors have done, I think when you look at the ability of the team to execute and the results that we've posted over the last several quarters in the face of this adversity, I think the team should get some credit for that.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. I'll take the first part, which is actually the second part of your first question. But I think, we're just -- we're comfortable with the 13% to 15%, as we've said that from the beginning. And there's a lot moving around, as we've said from the beginning of the year, and nothing has changed from that perspective. So I would say that we're in a very similar spot to where we were in an earlier quarter. The inputs and the outputs may change considerably, but I think we're pretty consistent with where we've been.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Ryan, thanks for that. I'll start, and Mary, of course, can add, too. The -- what I would say is, we've talked about the supply agreements being a mix a lot of different structures, right? We’ve talked about where we're funding some capital, where we're doing preorders, take-or-pay. We're partnering with people on strategic ventures, et cetera. So there's quite a wide variety of mix of pricing mechanisms depending on how those structures work. So to the extent that we do have some pricing exposure, we, of course, have the ability to hedge some of that in the markets going forward. So we're trying not to overreact in the short run, but rather strike the right long-run balance for where we want to end up. And I think the teams executed that very, very well so far.
Paul Jacobson: And Philippe, it's Paul. With respect to the Cruise question, what I'll say is we haven't given any revenue guidance at all specifically as it relates to Cruise. And I'll offer Kyle the opportunity, if he wants to talk about anything in terms of the commercial migration and where we are to the extent you haven't already done it, Kyle, if you want.
