Daniel F. Akerson: Thanks, Dan. I'll keep my closing remarks very brief. This is a solidly profitable quarter for General Motors, particularly in North America and Asia. We're making progress in South America. We generated $1.7 billion in automotive free cash flow, and we continue to strengthen our balance sheet. We're also entering new segments to drive revenue today and laying the foundation for tomorrow. As you can tell from the specific examples I cited earlier in the call, we are tightly coordinated, systematic and relentless in attacking the issues that hold us back and pursuing growth opportunities around the world. Still, the fact remains that most of our key metrics were unfavorable compared with the year ago. That's not acceptable with this leadership team, and we're going to underscore that fact with our teams to keep everyone on point. Thank you, and now we can open the line for questions.
Daniel F. Akerson: It depends on the launch cost. I would say, starting this year, with the downtime related to the K2XX, we've got a pretty significant manufacturing project impact this year, and that'll run into next year as we launch a few more of the products. And then the big marketing launch cost, really around the K2XX and some of these other products, will start to manifest themselves in 2013 throughout the calendar year.
Daniel F. Akerson: I think it's fair to say that -- just to be clear, no individual operates -- I know you -- a lot of the public views this is a personality-driven industry/company. It's a team effort, and what you saw manifest in the marketplace was a thought-out strategy that was agreed upon as a team.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, I'm not sure I said that they were improving in Europe. And I would agree with your general assessment, which is we still have work to do on both the dealer and the company-owned inventory, and we expect to address that through the third and fourth quarters. We did make some modest progress in the second quarter, but we have more work to do on that front. So I agree with your comments.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, we're not going to provide any specific perspective on second half losses. The macro environment is going to be as big a driver of the industry as anything else, and there's a huge amount of uncertainty around that. What we're doing is we're focusing on 3 or 4 things. We're focusing on a couple of big product launches, your namesake product. We're focusing on the launch of the Mokka, which is going to be very important for us. We're focused on getting those successfully launched and into the marketplace on a sustainable basis. We're focused on cost and capacity, all the things you've heard us talk about on those fronts. We're focused on managing supply to demand and managing production and inventory and continuing to work that. So we're going to be taking actions on all of those fronts. Exactly how the second half of the year shakes out is going to be, in large part, a function of the market environment.
Daniel Ammann: We don't comment on our intercompany funding arrangements anywhere in the company, including with respect to the European business.
Daniel Ammann: I'd say the only thing I'd say at this point in time is that across the company, as a general matter, cash flow tends to track profitability.
Daniel Ammann: I'd say some of it's a function of where that production went. Did it go into company-owned inventory or did it go into dealer inventory, because that drives where you recognize the revenue and some of the profits, so there's an element of that. The decrease in [indiscernible] -- I'm probably saying the same thing. The decrease in deliveries was lower than the increase in production, if that makes sense. We also have factors going on from a mix point of view between countries and between product lines. There are obviously parts of the continent that are more profitable or less unprofitable than others as it relates to country line profitability and also product line profitability. So it's hard to do a simple incremental margin analysis and draw any real conclusions from that.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, nothing has really fundamentally changed from what we talked about at the time that we announced the initiative in terms of either the magnitude or the timing of savings. We have announced the arrangement, as Dan mentioned in his remarks, around the logistics business, and that was something we identified early on as something that we'd be able to get to fairly quickly, and we've done that. So I'd say we're on track relative to what we've talked about previously. But in the time line that we had talked about, it's pretty early days. So bottom line, I wouldn't expect any huge benefits in 2013 arising from those, which is consistent with what we told you before.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. I mean, we're working aggressively on the cost structure of the business. We still see opportunity to improve that in the business. You mentioned a couple of opportunities. We still see just general and administrative cost-reduction opportunities. And one of the benefits that we have and will have from having a number of fresh leaders go into that business is an opportunity to relook at some of those things. So I think we are not yet done from a cost-opportunity perspective.
Daniel Ammann: There are couple of effects there. One of the major drivers of that results, of production up and margins and earnings down slightly, was some mix shift between the SGM business and SGM Wuling. So the Wuling business accounted for a significant chunk of the growth year-over-year, which is a function of the shifts that we're seeing in the overall marketplace. So that's really the main driver of that dynamic. As we've talked about this for a few quarters, the market remains quite competitive in China. There are some pricing pressures there, but we're still looking at basically a 9%, 10% margin business over there. So we feel good about the overall financial result, and we'll see how the future quarters come.
Daniel Ammann: I'd say it remains very challenging and very competitive. We haven't seen a fundamental change relative to what we've being experiencing for the last couple of quarters, and we don't see any major external catalysts to drive a fundamental change in that, absent some fundamental change in the economic outlook.
Daniel Ammann: Well, I'd say there's been a lot of incentive activity and a lot of price reduction activity all through the years. So that's been something we've been seeing for quite some time now. We don't see any reason for that to change fundamentally near term. You see in our second quarter year-over-year walk-through for Europe that we had price impact roughly flat. And as I said in my remarks, that's pricing we have on some new product, offsetting some price degradation on the bulk of the portfolio.
Daniel Ammann: I'll just make one comment, which is you're absolutely right, that we've done that benchmarking exercise and -- as you would expect and hope. And Chuck will take you through the main elements in that gap.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, I'd say there's opportunity in multiple parts of the P&L. One thing we haven't talked much about here is we do continue to see some relief on a global basis on raw materials, which is providing a little bit of assistance to us. So I'd say that applies also within Europe. But we certainly have opportunity, similar to what Chuck just talked about on the SG&A side, in South America. I'd say we still have opportunity in Europe on that as an example, and that's something we're going after.
Daniel Ammann: Well, as I said earlier, part of what drove the performance in this quarter was a mix shift in our business, which reflected a mix shift in the market, to the lower end of the market. So for us, that means work from SGM, which is the Chevrolet-Buick-Cadillac business, to Wuling, which is the smaller product, local product. So that mix shift is part of what's been going on. From an overall inventory and supply/demand dynamic, I mean, there's no change in our fundamental approach, which is to continue to match production to demand. We track that obviously all the time and make production adjustments as we need to. So we're not going to do anything differently there than from what we've been doing on an ongoing basis. So I'd say the overall market continues to be quite competitive, with pricing pressure sort of up and down the line.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, I don't know exactly which reports you've read, but I'll restate our approach, which is, obviously, we will manage production to meet demand. We will manage price in a very prudent and responsible way as we do elsewhere in the world, which is to approach the market with as much financial and market discipline as we can. So we're not going to change the strategy or change anything different because we have a slower month or something like that. So fundamentally, matching production to demand and maintaining pricing discipline.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. The fundamental approach, there's no change. The consolidation of agency spend, all of the things that we did with media buy and so on, those are all very real drivers of efficiencies, and we're absolutely going to continue with those. Obviously, tactical day-to-day decisions in the marketplace, we'll continue to assess those as we go, but the fundamental strategy remains in place.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. You don't want to get too caught up in off-quarter variance analyses, because there's obviously seasonal things that go on in the business in terms of production versus sales and things going in and out of inventory and so on. But again, we have been working on the cost side of the business as you know. But I think the comparison you want to look at and understand is really the Q2, this year relative to Q2 last year, same thing for Q1 and look it that way as a way to think about the business. You can get caught up if you try to do it on non-matching quarters.
Daniel Ammann: No. We're not going to get into a discussion of that in the public arena at this time. We'll keep our discussions private. And when we have something to say, we'll say it.
Daniel Ammann: So the rental just relates to the sales-to-rental car customers, and it's mostly just a seasonal law of movement that we typically see as we move through the year on the sales cycle of those vehicles. So nothing unusual there. As it relates to working capital generally, typically, it's a use in the first quarter and then it comes to be more of a source as we go through the year and would expect that to generally continue this year, particularly as we get after some of the inventory opportunities that we see in front of us.
Daniel Ammann: Well, from an overall perspective, obviously, our plan is to grow both brands and the market presence of both brands in Europe. You have many manufacturers who are running the market over there with more than 1 brand, and we see a clear opportunity to do that with these 2 brands in 2 different segments of the market. The market share of Chevrolet in Europe has continued to grow year-over-year, as it has for the last few years. We have a lot of new product coming in there as well. But we still have work to do to get exactly the right distribution footprint and network in place as it relates to Chevrolet and, frankly, between the 2 brands.
Daniel Ammann: Oh you see we're not going to give you a point estimate. So you can figure it out relative to those 2 interpretations.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. I'd say -- as I commented I think earlier, that there's 2 pieces going on in that year-over-year effect. One is price on some of the new vehicles we're launching, which is favorable, and then we have unfavorable on a lot of the rest of the portfolio. We did take some fairly aggressive price action -- price increase action or incentive reduction action toward the end of last year and early this year, which is why you saw some of the share pressure in the first quarter of this year in particular. And some of -- we took that action to some of the other competitors in the marketplace who we're hitting fairly aggressively in the other direction. So we have a trade-off to make as we go forward. We'll continue to be disciplined and get to the optimal trade-off between price and volume as we see the market evolve. But I can't really be more specific than that at this point.
Daniel Ammann: You, you and many other people are curious about that. We're not providing that update at this point in time. But as the rest of the transaction progresses and once we conclude it later in the year, I will provide an overall update as to the effect of the whole initiative.
Daniel Ammann: No, it's a chunk of the free cash flow. I mean, the basic approach is we -- the joint ventures pay out 100% approximately of their -- of the previous year's net income. That's sort of the -- that's the guiding principle.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, I think there's 3 fundamental pieces. First, manufacturing footprint. We've talked about that before and talked about the capacity actions that we need to take from a footprint perspective. And I would size that up to somewhere in -- 30% to 40% of that gap is related to manufacturing footprint. Second, overall product line profitability. We're still selling, at least through the first 6 months of this year, a pretty heavy majority of our products being legacy products, where we've got challenges from a margin standpoint. The other piece of that is on our new products. And Dan mentioned it earlier, we need to continue to drive on localization. On our new products, we've got a pretty significant level of imported content, and we've got exposure to the weakening real from that basis. So we need to work on that. Then the last piece is SG&A. And we've embarked on a benchmarking exercise around that as well. We think there's significant opportunity, in the range of maybe $75 million to $100 million a year across South America, but primarily in Brazil on SG&A. So a number of actions across all of those fronts.
Chuck Stevens: Yes. When you look at our footprint, about 2/3 of our Brazilian footprint is in high-cost locations, primarily in and around Sao Paulo. And when you look at Fiat, Volkswagen, the vast majority of their capacity is in low-cost regions of the country. Estimated cost penalty associated with that is $300 million to $400 million a year, just from a footprint standpoint.
Chuck Stevens: We started to work through that last year with a restructuring action that we took in Q4. As we just announced in Q2 earnings, there's another restructuring charge that's fundamentally related to a yet-unannounced capacity action to address exactly what we're talking about.
Chuck Stevens: I would say, on a go-forward basis, and fundamentally because we continue to be constrained or capped on full-size pickup, full-size utility production through this year and then, again, through next year as we launch the K2XX. Mix will continue to be a headwind, but not as much magnitude as it was in 2010 and 2011 when we launched Cruze and Sonic and some of the entries that are getting a lot of traction now. And obviously, ATS, XTS, the next-generation CTS will have improved margins, and that will be an offset somewhat to the constraints that we have on full-size pickups and utilities. So I'd say, in general, a headwind but not the same magnitude that it's been over 2010 and '11.
Chuck Stevens: Actually, it's related to the new product programs. When the decisions were made to invest launching the new product programs, there was a fairly significant level of imported content at launch and then with a plan to localize over time, similar to what we've done in the past. So as we launch the Cruze, Cobalt, Spin and a lot of these products, there's a fairly significant level of imported content, which exposes us to the real. And that's kind of a short-term issue, relatively short-term issue as we continue to execute the localization strategy and get ourselves north of 80%, 90% localization. So it's really not regulatory as much as currency exposure.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, I'm not going to get into specifics of 2013 yet. There's a lot of dynamics that still have to play themselves out. I would say that we're about 1 year into a 2-year transition, going from GMT 900s to K2XX as we head into next year's launch cycle. And during that time, with the significant down weeks that we've had this year and then ramp-up and acceleration next year, we're going to continue to have a limit on the number of vehicles that we'll be able to produce until we get the K2XXs fully up and running towards the end of next year. So I think it's a 2-year transition that we continue to manage through. We continue to manage the inventories and try to keep that aligned with demand.
John Murphy: Okay. Then second question in Europe on Slide 13, you're not showing any pricing pressure whatsoever. It's pretty amazing, considering that from the comments that you guys have made and, actually, what we've heard from some of your competitors. What happened there, right, because that doesn't sound like it jives with a lot of the comments out there? And secondly, would you get more aggressive on pricing to push volume over there? Because I know you guys have talked about growing volume as part of the strategy to fix Europe.
John Murphy: That's impressive. And just on the pensions. Just curious, you mentioned you had the results from the buyouts. So I'm just curious how -- what the take rate was on that and what kind of impact you expect that to have on the funding and the expense going forward.
John Murphy: Okay. And then just lastly, you said you got $1 billion in dividends in your free cash flow walk from your JVs. Just curious, is that from an LTM income level? Or what's the cadence? Because that's not an inconsequential number in your free cash flow.
