Mary Teresa Barra: Thanks, Rocky, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining. Our performance in the quarter was strong, demonstrating our determination to deliver strong business results in a dynamic environment, while also focusing on the innovation that will drive our work in the future of mobility. Looking at the numbers, we achieved a net revenue of $35.8 billion, EBIT-adjusted of $3.2 billion, EBIT-adjusted margin of 8.8%, EPS diluted adjusted of $1.87 and our return on invested capital adjusted of 25.6%. Adjusted automotive free cash flow was $400 million. In the quarter, we capitalized on the high demand in the crossover, luxury and truck segments in addition to record performance by GM Financial. As we continue to strengthen our automotive vehicle business with recently-announced partnership between Honda, GM, GM Cruise to develop and deploy a purpose-built autonomous ride-share vehicle, based on the current rate of iteration, we continue to target commercialization in 2019 in a dense urban environment with safety as our gating metric. Now let's turn to North America, where in the U.S. our go-to-market strategy drove record Q3 average transaction prices. In Q4, we intend to stay disciplined, but we will compete for every sale with our freshest products in years, including our all new full-size pickups. We entered the quarter with lean inventories of our 2018 model year full-size pickups and focused on selling a very strong mix of SUVs, crossovers and midsize pickups with lower incentives. We expect retail sales volumes will increase in Q4 and beyond as we ramp up production of our new pickups. The launch of our new trucks continues to be ahead of schedule and response to our truck-for-every-customer strategy has been positive. Sales of the new high-margin Chevrolet Silverado LTZ and High Country crew-cab models are more than 30% above forecast, and the new GMC Sierra SLT, Denali and AT4 crew-cab models are selling within two weeks. Popularity of our new crossovers from Chevrolet, Buick and GMC continues as the sales of Traverse, Enclave and Terrain grew in competitive segments. Cadillac's product offensive continued in September with the launch of the all-new XT4 luxury SUV in North America and China. The brand is capitalizing on Chinese consumers' growing preference for luxury vehicles with sales in China up 20% year-to-date. Cadillac is introducing a new model every six months through 2020s, including the upcoming three-row XT6 SUV. Moving to China, where we have more than 20 years of strong market presence, we achieved record third-quarter equity income. This performance results from an improved mix of vehicle sales and a continued focus on cost and productivity improvements. Our earnings have been resilient as we benefit from the growth of important brands like Cadillac and Baojun. As we focus on electrification and launch future vehicle programs, we have opportunities to continue to improve our competitive position. During two visits to China this month, I've had a chance to take a closer look at the macro conditions affecting industry performance. The recent weakness has been more significant in Tier 3 through 5 markets that have less of an impact on our financial performance in the third quarter. Additionally, our growing strength in luxury and premium segments helps offset the impact of the industry weakness. We continue with our plan to introduce 10 new and refreshed models in the second half of the year, including the Cadillac XT4, the Baojun E200 BEV, the Chevrolet Orlando MPV and the Wuling Rong Guang in the third quarter. In addition, in our international operations, we are beginning to realize cost reductions as a result of our restructuring actions in Korea. And in South America, we have managed the effects of foreign exchange headwinds as we continue to drive efficiency into the business and we remain very confident in the strength of our Chevrolet brand there. As we look forward through the rest of the year, we expect full-year EPS to be at the top of our previously-communicated guidance range with potential for further upside. This is due to our strong operating performance and a favorable tax rate outlook for the year. Before I turn the call over to Dhivya, I want to assure our owners that we are focused on creating shareholder value. As we closeout 2018 and prepare for 2019, we are committed to improving all aspects of the business by accelerating the pace and driving capital efficiencies due to our global vehicle development process improvements, while allowing us to continue to improve quality and speed to market, and by taking steps to transform the workforce to ensure we have the right skill sets for today and the future, while also driving significant efficiency. We will continue to update you on our progress in the near term. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dhivya.
Mary Teresa Barra: I think as I indicated from a Korea perspective, we're starting to see the cost savings flow in. A lot of those were in this segment, so we see that and are very much on track for what we communicated as it relates to the Korea restructuring. I think when you look, there's progress being made in each of those markets, but GEM doesn't launch until next year and so that becomes an opportunity there. We have continued in South America to improve the business, taking additional costs out, have a very strong franchise there. So, we see improvement coming across the board in GMI.
Mary Teresa Barra: Obviously, Rod, we're watching it very closely as I mentioned. I've been there twice in the last month and we have a very strong joint venture in China with SAIC and have very strong brands. We're seeing growth in Chevrolet. We're seeing very good growth from a Cadillac perspective and we have a very good launch cadence of products coming out that are getting really strong reception from consumers. We have not seen any negative view toward our brands and I think that's very positive. So I think we continue – we have an organization there that is extremely disciplined on taking costs out and seizing opportunities to improve our go-to-market and then the products that we have from a mix perspective. So, we're watching it carefully and we're very hopeful that both sides will have dialog and get to the table to work through some very important issues that both China and the United States have as it relates to trade. And we're hopeful that will – there will be a foundation laid and they'll continue to do that. But I think when we look at our positioning, we have many levers that we can pull to continue to have strong performance in China.
Mary Teresa Barra: We're watching that closely. I can't predict. We all read the article that came out that they're considering the incentives. Obviously, that would be a very good measure from an industry perspective. But I don't know – I can't comment if that's going to happen or not. I think they're looking at it closely and we expect to see actions taken that are going to allow the market to continue to be – I wouldn't say maybe growth that we saw a few years back, but continue to be at a important level. And let's not forget, even at a 27-million-type unit market, it's the largest market in the world.
Mary Teresa Barra: So, Adam, we have I think the strongest partner in China with SAIC. We've – through the past 20 years have worked together quite well – doing work such as the joint development of the GEM product as well as our work on the next generation of the electric vehicle. So, I think we have a very appropriate relationship and at this current time we're not looking to change the 50/50 structure. It's served us well and I think the strength of our results demonstrate that.
Mary Teresa Barra: Adam, thanks for the recognition on the Chevrolet Volt EV. We have announced that we are increasing capacity there. We've been opportunistic as to what markets we are allowing the current production to go to, but I think you'll see our sales in the United States increase. And although I don't have a specific announcement to your question, we have announced that we have several EVs coming in the next few years, so we believe in an all-electric future. I think you'll see that will roll out over the next couple of years. And then very importantly, we're working on our next generation, which we're calling EME 1.0, that we're looking to make sure we have EVs that are affordable, obtainable, desirable and have the right range. We're also working actively from an infrastructure on several fronts to make sure that the charging infrastructure is there to support the growth of EVs. And even most recently, which was announced, we're working with Delco Electronics on a fast-charging technology because I think as we look at it from a customer perspective, what do they need to really get the growth to make the EV their only car as opposed to their third, fourth or fifth car. You need to solve the charging infrastructure. Fast-charging is a big piece of it. So we're very optimistic and we're 100% committed but I'm not going to – I don't have specific volume announcements to make today.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I think the fact that we're doing our development in downtown San Francisco gives us probably the most exposure to those types of situations, not only drivers but bikes and all sorts of activities. We did release our kind of guide to safety that was part of the guidelines that NHTSA is looking for. But I would say we've also – and we haven't released details because we think it's a competitive advantage. We have done extensive work to understand how we will measure through actual road performance, simulation. We've gone back and looked at historical patterns as it relates to safety and we have a very well-defined plan of what we have to demonstrate to demonstrate that the AV is safer than a human driver, and that's the path that we're on. And so, when we talk about gated by safety, we are measuring ourselves against that plan that also had external input.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yes. So, our intent is based on the progress and the rate of iteration that we're making that we see a path to be able to do that. But as we demonstrated with Super Cruise, we will make sure we hit our safety metrics before we launch and commercialize. But right now, the rate of iteration says that we're believing we can do that in 2019.
Mary Teresa Barra: So we are hiring and continuing to do that development to the plan. Right now, we're looking at still we'll be roughly around $1 billion as we previously communicated, but the team is being smart about it and if they can achieve what they need to achieve at a lower level, they will. But we're still holding at that level and it's due to a lot of hiring and continued work from – accumulating miles and experience.
Mary Teresa Barra: So we have done that planning at both a moderate and severe levels. That's something that I just reviewed this past week and it's something we update on a continual basis. It's hard to completely quantify it based on tell me what's driving it, tell me what the mix will be, where's the impact most from a Tier 1 to Tier 5 city perspective. But we have done that with a wide range of sensitivity analysis based on those factors. So I can't really share a specific number. We do have flexibility with the workforce. As you know from a U.S. perspective, one of the things that benefited us from the 2015 contract was the ability to have a more-flexible workforce and so we are – every year we grow and have I would say that increases from a North America perspective. We have that with the workforce in China as well especially as we look at the temporary workforce that we have there. So been very well modeled, continually monitored.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I think it's an important truck that we have and one of the things that is important is for some of those buyers having the full suite we think will also increase our heavy duties as you mentioned that we'll be launching next year from a Flint perspective. So it's the adjacencies that I think are going to drive the overall business up. So that's the way we look at it. I don't have specific figures to give you. But, we'll have that opportunity but what it drives in heavy duty is more significant.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, we haven't explicitly said where that launch is going to be, but we are doing our testing in San Francisco. But, look, we continue to iterate rapidly. When you step back and look at this, this is really – I think what is happening is people are realizing this is really hard. And so, when we take the work and the expertise that we continue to grow at Cruise along with the auto expertise and combine that, we're working hard to solve that challenge. I mentioned before we have a well-defined plan on how we'll look at safety and we'll be gated by that. And really launching in one city is just the first step in what will be a multiyear, probably over decades, transformation of how people move from point A to point B. So, I think we need to keep that in perspective. There was also comments made about miles and I want to remind everybody that a mile is not a mile when you're doing AV testing. Clearly, the most complex miles that we're gaining experience in in San Francisco are very valuable, and so we're being efficient in driving the miles that we need to drive, getting the maximum learning as we move forward. So, I think that's the way we're looking at the business and I think it's a balanced view. But as I said, with the rate of iteration we're doing, we still believe and are continuing to target 2019 deployment.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I want to once again thank everybody for participating on the call. And to sum up the quarter, I'd like to point to the fact that our strong results demonstrate our commitment to execute our plans amid industry headwinds. We continue to adapt and take actions necessary to create shareholder value through our strong and growing franchises, as well as our leadership position in the future of mobility. The management team is resolved to take actions to strengthen the business and we have driven downturn protection and disciplined capital allocation into the business and we also have an intense focus on generating cash. As we continue to operate in a dynamic business environment, we are fully focused on increasing our speed of execution as we transform GM and the future of the industry. So, thanks again for joining today. I appreciate all your questions and interest.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, Itay, we do expect that this will be an annual dividend. The exact amount will be driven by leverage ratio at GMF as we go forward. And when we get to a full-captive state early in 2020s, we expect that the entire net income from GMF will be dividended up to the parent.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, Itay, we had mentioned on the last call that on an unmitigated basis we see a $1 billion year-over-year impact in 2019 over 2018. Again, I would reiterate that that number was based on the spot prices that existed at the time of our second quarter earnings call and there's been puts and takes since then. There's some tailwinds in commodities. There's some headwinds in the form of tariffs and so on. But I think net-net, you should think about it as that number continues to be valid on an unmitigated basis. But as we think of 2019, you should look at that in the context of all the other puts and takes we have, including largely completing the transition of our light duties. And, as I mentioned, we have taken downtime already in 2018 as it relates to our heavy duties. So, we do not anticipate a significant year-over-year volume decline in our heavy duties, so that should help offset as well. So, think of commodities in the context of the broader overall picture that's happening.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, Joe, I think about our free-cash-flow guidance as consistent with the $4 billion that we alluded to in the second quarter. If you look at the pension pre-funding, again, we took the opportunity to risk manage that and get some of the mandatory contributions over with in 2018. But if you look at the underlying cash-generation capability of our core business, it remains at that $4-billion level, which is very strong. And as we look into Q4, we expect that quarter to be where we are going to generate a significant portion of our cash. It's going to be a very strong free-cash-flow quarter. So, I think about it as free-cash-flow guidance remains intact, as well as the ongoing GMF dividend initiation. You're going to see the impact of that as we go forward into 2019 and beyond.
Dhivya Suryadevara: The $4 billion is before the mandatory contributions. It's $3.4 billion net of pensions. We guided to $4 billion on a core automotive basis and that continues to be the cash-generation capability.
Dhivya Suryadevara: We expect fourth quarter to continue to remain strong, Joe, and the favorability we're seeing in Q3 as it relates to our T1 launch should continue into Q4. From a factory unit sale perspective, we expect that Q3 and Q4 will be roughly in – Q4 will be roughly in line with last year and Q4 will actually be up versus Q3 from a factory unit sale perspective. We're continuing to expect strong crew cab penetration within our sales as well. So, if you overall look at the 9% to 10% guidance for North American margins, I would expect Q4 to be on the higher end of that range.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, so, typically, Rod, just from an earnings bridge perspective, we experience about mid-single digit type pricing pressure on a yearly basis in China. And on a high level, how I would think about that is, offset roughly half by mix and half by cost. And that's sort of been the trend over the last several years and what we're seeing from a mix perspective, especially as Mary mentioned, as we launch our new Cadillac entries here, that's been particularly strong. And from a volume perspective I think it's important to highlight where the volume comes from, would have a different impact on profitability. For example, Tier 3 to 5 where we're seeing a bunch of the weakness that Mary alluded to, that tends to be our less profitable portion of the market. Tier 1 to 2, we're seeing less of a decline there and luxury, again, the market is actually up year-over-year. So from an overall puts and takes perspective, I would continue to think about this as a strong performance in cost as well as mix continuing to be a tailwind from a Cadillac perspective as we continue our launches.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, it's, again, difficult to predict because it matters where it comes from as well. So I wouldn't go into that level of detail. And as I mentioned, it's too mix-dependent. So if you're in a backdrop where volumes are declining but, again, luxury is holding up, you get a different answer. So it's hard to handicap that.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, that's correct, Rod. So the way we set the dividend level is a number of factors but primarily driven by leverage ratio at GMF. We have a managerial leverage ratio target of 10 times earning assets to equity and we're still growing the business. The year-over-year rate of growth is starting to stabilize but it's still growing. And as we think about the balance sheet leveling out in a couple of years down the line, that's when you will expect that the net income from GMF will be fully dividended to the company. And what we've done basically here is taken advantage of the fact that our strong performance at GMF has contributed to a lower leverage ratio than what's in our managerial target. So we're taking advantage of the upside there to be able to start the dividends early.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, John, it's across the board I would say. If you look at the components of that, a lot of our recently-launched crossovers are now falling in the carryover category, so we continue to see pricing strength there, especially in the mid-SUV segment. We have remained disciplined from a passenger-car perspective as well, as we have matched supply and demand. So, I would say it's not just in one area, John. It's across the board.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Look, you'll see it, obviously, go up and down every quarter, but our intent is absolutely to stay disciplined.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, on that, John, absolutely a rising rate environment tends to be a tailwind for pensions. Especially in the U.S. we have made a ton of progress in closing our underfunded gap over the last several years and we remain leveraged to the upside as rates increase. I think important thing to note is the mandatory pension contributions in the U.S. do not start until the mid-2020s, so you're really talking about a good seven, eight years of a runway here for us to benefit from potential market moves before we're going to have to take any mandatory contribution actions. But, again, we're risk managing this. We're making sure that we're also downside protected as we move forward. But, you're right, we'll see tailwinds there. And we remeasure pensions, as you know, at the end of the year, so we'll have more to say when we report our calendar-year earnings.
Dhivya Suryadevara: It includes that, David. What we were not able to preannounce was the dividend because we had not – the GMF Board of Directors had not declared it at that point, but it was contemplated in our guidance. So you're correct, $4 billion core automotive free cash flow generation. When we pre-fund the pension piece, that comes down to $3.4 billion, both of which already contemplate the GMF dividend.
Dhivya Suryadevara: So I would just – from a bridge perspective, you can see that for the total company we experienced $400 million of commodity headwinds. And what we've been trying to do, David, as you're aware, we have our $6.5 billion target that we committed to in 2014 as it relates to commercial and technical savings and we've been continuing to execute on that and we remain on track to achieve that by the end of this year. And you see material performance in our bridge of $300 million that serves to offset some of the commodity headwinds we're talking about and obviously there's broader puts and takes outside of commodities as well where we've seen strength in a number of other areas that have offset commodities. And looking into 2019, again, too early. Our purchasing team is having those discussions as we speak and we'll have more to share early next year.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Just to clarify, the over $1 billion stands at over $1 billion still. So we had $1.4 billion and we're roughly in that zip code currently from a commodity headwind perspective and $400 million is what you're seeing of that $1-ish billion flowing through in this particular quarter and the mitigation is after that and which is the $300 million of material performance that you see flow through in our bridge.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, I think from a GM Financial perspective we have talked about roughly doubling the EBT from a couple of years ago to, I believe, we said 2019. That remains on track. A lot of it is the portfolio growth that you're talking about. We continue to increase the penetration within GMF as well as just grow the overall size of the balance sheet and you've seen those results come through. The other points worth highlighting are credit losses; they remain within range and so we're constructive there as well. And residual prices, as you're well aware, they remain constructive also. So I would say it's all of the above and we're, again, continuing to risk-manage this business and this is going to be a strong contributor to earnings as we move forward.
Dhivya Suryadevara: So, I would say, Colin, a few things. One, we expect in Q4 all the core operating segments to continue to be strong. I already talked about North America where we're going to continue to see tailwinds from T1 as well as the crew-cab mix that I alluded to. So North America will continue to remain strong. I did mention the launch cost related factors that we're factoring in to China but again the $2 billion equity income is reiterated. In South America, the FX continues to be the question mark over there. We've seen some tailwind after the elections but we're going to have to see what happens in Q4 from an FX perspective. GMF tends to be, from a Q4 perspective, the seasonal low point. But again, you've seen – to the prior question as well – significant profit growth year-over-year in GMF. So if you take a step back, the core operating items remain intact. What we really want to be mindful of is non-operating items such as PSA warrants for example, we saw tailwinds during this quarter and that's really going to be driven by what the stock price does there. And that's a non-operating item. And FX-type macro items that we want to be mindful of. But, we will see continued strength in Q4 from the operating side.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I think it really depends on which segment within crossovers. I think if you look at small and the compact segments, you're probably well aware, Colin, there's a lot more competition there and there's pricing pressure there. The mid-SUVs continue to perform really well, so it's really segment by segment within crossovers.
