Mary Barra: So Rod, just in general, we see our dealers as a huge asset to the company. They have -- they're responsible for partnering with us to deliver industry-leading sales and service. And so of course, as the industry transforms, as the customer expects different things, both retail and fleet from a BrightDrop perspective, we know and we are working with our dealers and they're transforming as well. And there, especially, there's a huge percentage of our dealers that are very excited about the EV transformation and the opportunity.  And we've been working, and frankly, it accelerated last year during the pandemic, of ways that we can better support the customer, meet them where they want to be and take cost out of both of our business to improve both. So that's the journey that we're on. I'm not going to -- for competitive reasons, I'm not sharing all of the specific changes and transformation activities that we're doing but they're pretty substantial. And like I said, our dealers are very much engaged and excited about that.
Mary Barra: So Rod, we're very excited about the opportunity we have to present services, especially as we now have the vehicle intelligent platform, which is our new electrical architecture underpinning the entire vehicle. And it protects the vehicle from a cyber safety perspective as well as gives us tremendous over-the-air updates and the ability to do -- provide services on demand.  You mentioned Super Cruise, that is one that will have the ability to do. There are several other opportunities that we're exploring and frankly working on right now. Again, we haven't announced any of them publicly, but I will tell you, we have a whole team across our sales and marketing team partnering with our engineering team and software engineers. So, you'll hear more about this as we go forward, but we think it's going to be a huge growth opportunity for us.
Mary Barra: Sure, Itay, and thanks for the question. I'm really excited because if you look at the fact that we're going to be putting Super Cruise on multiple vehicles and the strong customer reaction we've gotten from them, and that continues to grow and definitely contributes to a safer world, a zero crashes world, and we've talked about the next generation of Super Cruise, and that will have even more capability that we'll be able to provide to vehicles and, in some cases, launch and provide additional functionality over the air, so that's something that will be quite significant by 2025.  Then when you go to Cruise, they continue to hit their milestones. They're on track from a safety perspective because we've always said safety will be our overriding priority. They're also working on making sure the ride is enjoyable from a customer perspective. And again, they're making progress, I'm very enthused. You know that they're testing right now in San Francisco without drivers in the vehicle in certain situations. I'm not going to put a specific time frame on when we'll launch commercially, but the progress we're making puts us in a very good place that, that's not years away like people think or have talked about it. From -- are we in a partner with existing rideshares? We have the ability to go and launch our own service. We already have our own application that is being leveraged by our employees right now. So we have -- I think when we are in a position that we can take the driver out of the vehicle from a -- and launch the business commercially, we'll have many opportunities, and we'll do what's going to drive the biggest value from a shareholder perspective. But I think at that point, you can think of it like a platform.
Mary Barra: Sure, Emmanuel. Well, I think we're really excited. We're launching the Chevrolet Bolt EUV and next generation Bolt EV this week. And so that starts, I think, a very positive momentum, especially when you look at the affordability of the Bolt and the -- well, Bolt EV and the Bolt EUV. Later this year, we'll have the GMC Hummer. Early next year, we'll have the Cadillac CELESTIQ. We've also announced the Cadillac -- or excuse me, the Cadillac LYRIQ, and then we'll have -- we've already shared the Cadillac CELESTIQ, which is really a flagship. And you'll just see a steady launch of vehicles because we've said 2/3 of the 30 by '25 will be in the United States.  You'll hear more about which vehicles are coming in what order as we start to move through the year. But I would say, as you then -- so that -- and from competitive reasons, we're not going to share too much but we'll continue to share more as we get closer to these launches as we go through this year and next.  When you start to look at 2035, right now, we're a full-line manufacturer. And so we will cover the full line and more when you think about products like BrightDrop and then our first mile, last mile. You put on top of that the services that will be available through the vehicle that we've talked about, subscription service. And then you put things like insurance that we think we can do very well with the learnings we have from our connected vehicles. So it will be a full line broader than we have right now, and that's all enabled by the LTM platform. And we intend to take share and grow overall as we do this with the number of vehicles sold as well as the growth opportunities that sit on top from a services and other businesses perspective.
Mary Barra: Well, John, it's an excellent question. And I definitely think it presents a super cycle opportunity for us. When you look at our ICE business and the platforms we invested in over the last 5 years, we're well positioned and that's what puts us in a place where we can be investing more in EV and AV than we are in ICE. And so we're going to leverage the platforms that we already have. The strong franchises in full-size trucks, full-size SUVs, midsize crossovers, and I'm also super excited about products like the Chevrolet Trailblazer and the Encore. So we have a really strong portfolio of products as we make this transition that's going to need limited investment. And then we're demonstrating right now, we also have a very capable manufacturing team, manufacturing workforce. We're transitioning the Detroit-Hamtramck plant right now, Factory ZERO, to build electric vehicles. We've also announced Spring Hill.  So we have a very well thought through plan of how we will transition our manufacturing facilities to electric vehicles. We can do it in a pretty short time frame. And with the shorter vehicle development process we have for EVs, those 2 go hand-in-hand. And in some cases, investment that we're making to increase our ICE vehicles, we're doing that with a mind for what it will take to then have a quicker, less expensive conversion to EVs.  So it's a very well-integrated plan. We'll be customer-driven, but we're working hard to create a delightful EV ownership experience with the right range, the right charging, the services on top of it and the connectivity that we think we can grow as we make this transition and not have stranded assets.
Mary Barra: Well, we talked at the end of Q3, we talked about having a dividend that's the right size and at the right time. We continue to be dedicated to that. But we are very much focusing on the first pillar of our capital allocation strategy, which is to invest in growth businesses. So you'll hear more from us later this year as it relates to the dividend. But I think the focus that we have on growth and what we're investing in growth is going to provide a really strong return for our shareholders.
Mary Barra: Adam, well, as we look at it, of course, our purchasing and supply team knows the projections that we have, the volume that we have by year, and we're working to make sure we have adequate supply all the way from the mines. You rightly point that it's one of the reasons why we're investing in our own cell manufacturer. And as I kind of alluded to in my opening remarks, there's more coming than what we've announced already. So we want to be in control of our own destiny, not only from making sure we have the ability to have the cells that we need but also to work on cost improvements and technology improvements.  I would also say, the work that we have the joint partnership with LG Chem, not just for manufacturing but also development. We also have significant resources in our R&D, and we're also looking, as part of our cost-out plan, to need less precious metals. So we're working at it from all angles. We know it's strategically critical for our future and so the right attention is placed on it.
Mary Barra: Sure, Adam. Well, first of all, we don't have any plans to invest in bitcoin, so full stop there. This is something we'll monitor and we'll evaluate. And if there's strong customer demand for it in the future, there's nothing that precludes us from doing that. So taking your question very seriously, that's my answer.  And I do want to answer your Norway question. I'm 97% Finnish, so I like all the Scandinavian countries. We're actually very -- we look at what Norway has accomplished from EVs, and we think it's a message to have -- make everyone aware and drive awareness and adoption of EVs.
Mary Barra: So we're really proud of what our Wuling partner, SGMW, has been able to accomplish. And when we talked about Battery Day, Ultium is our new platform and we are going to continue to roll that out, and we see significant volume coming after that. When -- coming from that, I should say. When we look at the greater than 1 million units by mid-decade, that includes our products in GM China with our joint ventures as well as in the U.S. But that's just a starting point and then we're going to continue to grow LTM as well as potential products, like you say, with the Hong Guang and the EV Mini that have the opportunity to continue to grow. We're always looking at where the right growth is inside and outside of China, but I don't have anything specific to share right now.
Mary Barra: Well, we're really excited about the potential of Hydrotec. And when you look at commercial trucks, defense, aerospace and stationary backup power, the situations where you need large quantities of energy over extended periods of time to move heavy payloads. So that's where hydrogen fuel cells are really most applicable. And so we see hydrogen fuel cells as well as EVs being part of the solution. I was here for -- when we started working on fuel cells. We've never stopped and we have a very productive partnership with Honda. So I think we've invested appropriately and shared that investment to be efficient. So I think there's huge opportunity. We're very pleased with our partnership with Navistar, and they'll have vehicles on the road in 2024. So the time has come.
Mary Barra: Well, I think, as I've said repeatedly, we will always do what's in the long-term best interest of our shareholders to unlock the most value, so we are committed to doing that. We're in the early days of Hydrotec with -- and also with our GM Defense business and in other opportunities. So right now, we're focused on the growth opportunity that's in front of us. And if at some point, there's a different structure that would enable that growth to be even faster, we'll definitely consider it.
Mary Barra: I think our focus, Dan, is really on delighting the customer with an incredible ownership experience of allowing them to have the vehicle and the segments that they want at the price point that fits their life. And then having the right range, making sure the whole ecosystem supports them from a charging perspective, whether it's home charging, at work, when they're making long-distance trips or if they live in an apartment and how do we make sure they have regular available and dependable charging infrastructure. So I think there's a huge amount of opportunity with business partnering with government to make sure the infrastructure is there to support it.  We do want to see the EV tax credit. We think there's a period of time where that's still important. And frankly, we'd like to see that not penalize first movers. But generally, we are very much focused on delighting the customer with the overall ownership experience, having the right vehicles and making sure every aspect of their ownership is a step above what is today. That's really going to drive the adoption we need.
Mary Barra: Well, clearly, customers will drive this and what customers want. And that's why we're focused on creating that excellent customer experience that I just talked about. But there's really nothing holding General Motors back. We have the manufacturing capability. We have the LTM platform, and we already have the second generation of technology that's being worked to further take cost out and allow energy density to increase, which all benefits the consumer. We have the Ultifi-ed buying, and know how we will provide the customer experience, and we're partnering with our dealers to make sure it's in order of magnitude, better customer experience from an ownership perspective. The services, whether it's subscription or what's offered in the vehicle from a connectivity is another thing we think where we can completely delight the customer and build on the fact that we have leading technology right now.  So to me, there's not 1 big factor that's going to hold us up. We have all the assets to achieve this. We've got to solve issues and win customers, but I think we're well positioned to do that across the portfolio. And that's why we see such a tremendous growth opportunity for General Motors.
Mary Barra: I think we're going to be aggressive because I think we've got the technology, we've got the talent. We have the manufacturing capability. We already sell more vehicles in the United States and we're 2 in China. So I think we're well positioned because of our current brand strength around the world and our position and then with the technology that we're bringing forward. So we don't plan on shrinking. We plan on growing, especially if you look at in the United States on the coast, we don't get what I would say is our fair share of the market. That's a growth opportunity right there.  But we think we're extremely well positioned. And we -- again, I can't underestimate how much opportunity we have with the LTM platform because of the modularity of it that we can take so many vehicles across so many segments price points to really delight the customers. So that's our focus.
Mary Barra: I think you will see that we talked very early on that once we have launched in 1 city, the opportunity to go to the next to do the work, to make sure the technology, is adaptable to the unique things of another city. So I think once we launch successfully and demonstrate that the technology is safer than a human driver and we demonstrate to customers, I think that we can really increase the number of cities that we're offering it quite quickly, and that's what we'll focus on doing.
Mary Barra: There's nothing that precludes us with the sale of Opel/Vauxhall to do that. We already have our iconic products in Europe right now with Cadillac and the Chevrolet Corvette, et cetera. So there's nothing that precludes us and I think it's a natural growth opportunity for us as well.
Mary Barra: Thank you. Well, first of all, I appreciate all of you joining, and thanks for the great questions this morning. I hope you know and see that it's overwhelmingly true that we are at an inflection point on sustainability, on inclusion and diversity and on growth that will deliver shareholder value not just this quarter but for many years to come. I hope that's coming into even sharper focus for all of you.  Every quarter moving forward, you can expect to hear us advance our story. I believe we have the talent, the technology, the profitability and the balance sheet to lead, and we will continue to innovate and I look forward to sharing more in the months ahead. So thank you. Please take care and stay safe.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. So, for the commodities first, we’ve seen about 120% increase in steel and PGM prices over the last, really, kind of since May of last year. That's a couple of billion dollars. I would say that we're making some strides to offset that, and we're going to continue to target where we can in order to drive savings to help offset that, but that's rough order of magnitude what we've included in our numbers. And of course, there's always some lag in terms of being able to respond to those prices. On the volume side, I would say that we -- these numbers are moving around rapidly, and between building vehicles that we will go back and retrofit with the components later in the second half and managing through second half makeup volumes, it's premature to talk about the volumes at this point in time, but that's where we've come up with the $1.5 billion to $2 billion net of the initiatives that we think we can bring together to help offset through this.
Paul Jacobson: Emmanuel, it's Paul. The -- you mentioned the biggest one, obviously, was Takata in there. But I would say the other two were primarily really related to content and major materials. So we've taken a conscious effort in the new line of full-size SUVs to improve content. And you're seeing that in the pricing offsets and what we're able to get in the market. These are content improvements that consumers really love and they're willing to pay for and we feel good about that. And then there's a little slug of commodity pressure that we saw in the fourth quarter, probably about 60-40 between materials and commodities, so that remaining piece.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. I would say that content is a good reflection of where we're heading, especially in terms of the volume of full-size SUVs and trucks.
Paul Jacobson: John, it's Paul. What I would say is that, obviously, the situation is very fluid, and you've seen that from various manufacturers across the board. And what I would say is we're adapting to kind of focus production on two things. Number one, those vehicles that have higher margins and provide better contribution for us. But also with the full-size SUVs and the trucks, they're already operating at full capacity and project it to pretty much for the entire year. So the makeup volume in the back half of the year is harder.  So where we are taking chips from are vehicles where we either have a little bit more inventory or more importantly, we've got production gaps in the back half of the year or capacity to be able to make that up. So it's very fluid as we're managing through this but that's all baked into the numbers that we gave earlier.
Paul Jacobson: Joe, it's Paul. I think that's an accurate assessment. I mean we do expect some choppiness in the near term as we're altering production managing through this as well as you mentioned if we're building vehicles and then coming back to retrofit them. So we do see a bigger working capital and EBIT impact in the first half of the year. And then the expectation is that we'll be able to make up for that in the second half.  Also incorporated into our numbers, our cash impact guide, if you noticed, was a little bit wider than our EBIT guide. That's due in part to we were planning, going into the year, on having a little bit of a build and inventory level benefiting working capital that as we make up production volumes in the second half, depending on how the semiconductor situation works itself out, we could see a year-end where inventories are flat or -- and not have that working capital benefit that we might otherwise see, which is why we put a little bit more cash impact into it.
Paul Jacobson: Well, first of all, thanks for that welcome, Joe. And I'm not sure who you were talking to but I appreciate it, nonetheless. What I would say is that there's tremendous opportunity here to help the market understand that we're really transitioning from what I would say has been historically kind of an old-school industrial-type mindset for the market to a real technologically savvy, growth-oriented company that's really going into a lot of new markets.  And as we see those continue to develop and we continue to ratchet success stories like Cruise and what I believe BrightDrop will be as well as the EV portfolio, I think there's a lot of opportunity here to drive value for our shareholders. And that's ultimately what sold me on coming here to join Mary and the team.
Paul Jacobson: Chris, it's Paul. So I would say those two issues are pretty separate and distinct from each other. The tax deconsolidation is really just mechanical because our ownership is below the required thresholds to consolidate for tax. And obviously, with their spend and their growth, we benefited from that, which is why we're seeing a tax increase with the deconsolidation.  I think what we've proven out with the last round of funding is an ability to partner and raise external capital alongside the strength and the foundation that GM provides. So I think access to capital is really unconstrained the way we think about it right now, and we bored that out in the last fundraising round.
Paul Jacobson: I think that's a bit of a trick question. But I think they're obviously very different industries across the board. I think there's some similarities in that the industries are both capitally intensive. But what we have here is much more of a platform to create a growth model. And I think we saw some of that in my past life as well. But really here, it's about diversifying the business. It's about growing into the increasing tipping point-like demand of EVs and AV technology going forward. And when you combine that with the strength in the brands and the capabilities of GM, I think we've got a lot of opportunity ahead of us.
