Randy Arickx: Thanks, Operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us as we review the GM financial results for the 2013 calendar year. Our press release was issued this morning and the conference call materials are available on the Investor Relations website. We’re also broadcasting this call live on the web. Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language. This morning, Mary Barra, General Motors' Chief Executive Officer will provide opening remarks followed by a review of the financial results by Chuck Stevens, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mary Barra will then conclude the remark portions of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call, we'll open the line for questions from the analyst community. In the room today, we also have Tom Timko, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; and Jim Davlin, Vice President Finance and Treasurer to assist and answer your questions. Now I'll return the call over to Mary Barra. 
Randy Arickx: Okay. Yeah, first to the first quarter results or expectations for North America, clearly when you shut down full size SUV and go through a launch along with heavy duty pickups that has an impact on overall volumes and mix. On the other side, we're filling out our pipeline, with a new CTS and continue to get good traction on trucks. So I would say that the big kind of headwinds in North America really related to the launch cadence associated with wholesale utilities and heavy duty trucks as well as some incremental marketing expense related to the Super Bowl in the Olympics along with launches. Relative to our journey to 10% EBIT margins, nothing has changed versus the discussions we had in the past along with that. It is a three to four tranche phase in journey, the first, in 2013 was really driven by new products and improved margins associated with that and improve retail share we got. In 2014 we expect another step really driven primarily by product with some efficiencies on manufacturing and SG&A starting to filter into the latter part of the year. Going into 2015, we really start to expect to get some traction on cost, material, logistics, as we start to launch new products. And then, the last piece is really business model leverage and that's really all about driving improved retail share and improved loyalty, taking full advantage of global connected customer and that's can be kind of a last pieces as we moved through the cycle, so nothing to really change from what we've discussed in the past.
Randy Arickx: Our expectations -- we were on our continuing upward trend in margins from ‘13 through mid-decade. Nothing has changed versus that.
Chuck Stevens: Rod, we haven’t really changed our outlook from what we shared back in January at the Deutsche Bank conference. And New York is the key driver year-over-year from a North American perspective. Industry, we still expect to be in the range of $16 million to $16.5 million, notwithstanding some of the challenges we had in January associated with weather. We expect mix to be a tailwind of year-over-year really driven by new vehicle launches. Pricing and new product will be up year-over-year with pricing on material will be down as we continue to see more competitive actions specifically impact carryover product. And we expect cost to be up year-over-year. Engineering D&A will be up. Advertising will be up to support brand building and launch and the material content on new products. As I indicated back in January, there actually, we would expect another step function improvement year-over-year, really being driven by the improved industry and our new product launches and some pretty favorable pricing on new products.
Chuck Stevens: In general terms, we talked about $1.1 billion. In Q1, we’re looking at this on a year-over-year basis. In Q1, I would expect that 30% to 35% of those restructuring charges were hit and then kind of worked its way down on the timeline through the rest of the year. The big restructuring items in Q1, number one there’s going to be a fairly significant charge associated with the bulk enclosure. We’ve got ongoing activities, their hidden restructuring and GMIO primarily related to severance payments as we start to look to hold an employee. And then the impact of the San Jose closure in Brazil and the severance enclosure related costs associated with that. So those are the three big items along with Chevrolet Europe in Q1. And you know again, as I think about the year, I would say that you know, more front -- of the $1.1 billion more front end loaded in the first quarter and then mitigating going through Q2 to Q4 coming down from there.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. For the fourth quarter specifically, the biggest driver that was the incremental cost associated to bring two clients. And we’ve talked about the pricing dynamic in China all year and that is a pretty competitive market. Looking forward, we expect to see continue margins in North -- in China in the 9% range. And then continuing price competitiveness, but our mix is going to improve substantially as we launch a number of SUVs in that market. So and Cadillac, we’re going to triple sales of Cadillac in China between 2013, 2015. So we would expect to continue see price headwind but we’re going to offset that with much improve mix and our expectation is, we hold margins somewhere in the 9% range.
Chuck Stevens: One, there is restructuring charges in GMIO in the fourth quarter of roughly $17 million. Two, as we start to prepare for the launch of the full-size SUVs and the trucks in the Middle East there was a lying down take there because they are selling down the GMT900 inventory that they have. So that’s was the headwind to large extent and mix and price from that standpoint. So those were the two big drivers quarter-to-quarter. But, I can say actually this, the region outside of China very, very tough dynamic there. We made a couple of road -- took a very decisive actions with the Chevrolet Europe decision that we made and the Australia decision and the whole purpose of that was to improve the foundation for growth going forward and there is more work to do in the number of other countries.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. I would like to avoid giving the specific product because we still sell them. So it was in the ballpark of $60 million to $70 million in Q4 on that product termination, fundamentally it's writing off the two and this is normal, that’s why it’s not restructuring and it’s not special. I mean when we end production, normal production of a vehicle, there is many unamortized herein, we write it off. So that’s was the impact there.
Chuck Stevens: As we look at our, again, the 2012 plan, we saw actually four legs to that, rationalize portfolio and sell new products, where we make more money than the product that replace and this is just part of the rationalization of reducing our reliance or eliminating legacy products, we don’t make very money on those.
Chuck Stevens: We're looking at overall relatively flat year-over-year. This year, we looked at all for 2013, I had one, but as I look into 2014, relatively flat, nothing material one way or the other.
Chuck Stevens: I'll have to get back with you on that Adam, I think it was slightly below the equity income in 2013, which we expect to catch-up this year.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah, I think there's incremental costs in building out the platform to help grow in the U.S. to take that business to 20% across all of the different aspects of the business lease financing. And also some integration in systems costs in the international business, there's a lot of work to do, over there from the systems perspective, so I would call it a non-recurring one-time investment in the business.
Chuck Stevens: I think that's a reasonable characterization, as I indicated in the comments earlier. The risk profile on South America over the past several weeks has increased significantly. We still see, no line of sight and a resolution to the business operations in Venezuela, and at the same time Argentina seems to be a bit more -- significantly more fragile. So I would say the risk profile has increased and in South America I would say emerging market, currencies that move sideways pretty significantly across the world over the past several weeks. All right were not just sitting back and watching this happen, we’re taking you know aggressive actions where we can from both the price and cost perspective to address that. So I would say you know more downside risk now than we had you know a month or so goal on South America and I would say on the basis of how we finished in some of the momentum that feels like we’re starting to get into new year if I was more bullish on outlook versus you know two or four weeks ago I would say Europe feels like you know there could be some upside there.
Chuck Stevens: Well, I think it's time to -- launch is the one you recognized, I’m talking specifically about Q4. Pricing and new products primarily, the new trucks that is well the Impala, the Corvette, CTS was favorable over a $1 billion and pricing on new products. The materials cost that goes along with that, so there is new content, right, features on the vehicles were $600 million to $700 million. So that's a big portion of the cost headwind in Q4. But net-net, it was accretive to earnings at $300 to $400 million or 30% to 40% variable margins. And that's the kind of dynamic you typically have when we launch a new product. So as I talked about 2014 before similar to 30, price was going to be up, primarily on new and major, material costs will be up and newly launched products but net of those two is positive to EBIT and that trend will continue. 
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. I would say, the impact for us in December and January and it look like, at least if you are seeing here so far in February, was really primarily weather related. The SAAR in the month of January ran at $15.1 million and it was actually down year-over-year. And we over index to the Northeast, North Central, Midwest and that's where the bad weather was. And I would say by and large that had the impact in not only in our sales, but also on the SAAR. The good thing is January is the lowest month of sales from an industry perspective. So you can have a $15 million or $15.1 million SAAR for the month of January and quickly recover. And we would expect to recover most of the sales that we lost in the January as we go through the rest of the first quarter, assuming the weather behaves and into the spring selling season. And we're still holding on our prior view of U.S. industry $16 million to $16.5 million like. So we're going to -- obviously, we're going to continue to monitor our industry and our own inventory levels. And make sure that the industry does recover and it's not, as Mary said earlier, we're going to continue to apply our disciplined approach to managing supply and demand. But right now, nothings really changed based on January results. 
Chuck Stevens: Yeah, I think back in January we laid out a pretty clear planning level -- capital allocation for 2014. One, we’re going to continue to support the capital spend that we need to maintain that product pipeline and continue to enhance that going forward. We’ve got the one plus billion dollars of restructuring that we’re going to have to fund. In 2014, we’ve got the rest of the Ally International Acquisition in the front for $700 million in that business. We did the rest of the Series A redemption which will be a call of $3.9 billion of capital and $2.2 billion of dividend, 1.8 times and $400 million Series A. So that’s $16 billion of capital allocation. And we think that’s a pretty good plan and the dividend really made a strong statement around how we plan to return capital to shareholders. With that said, I think we’ve proven to be opportunistic in the past, you know situations arise and we’ll monitor that we go through the year. The facts, you know fundamentally, the plan that we’ve laid out that we’re executing till this year.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah, think about this in a kind of three big tranches I would suppose. Roughly 100 basis points of the product related -- 100 basis points of material and logistics and 100 basis points kind of business model leverage over time. I think that we -- as we refine this from 2011, 2012 to now, the fixed cost efficiency we’re going to drive and administration SG&A and manufacturing, fundamentally we’ll offset incremental D&A and incremental marketing cost. So the way I think about it -- a good outcome for us would be flat fixed costs as we continue to grow the business. So I’d say, as we get through 2014, kind of the first tranche of product-related margin expansion. We will have fundamentally played out and then the material and logistics piece will start to kick in with the next generation programs. Because that’s where you are really get an opportunity to drive scale and leverage that scale with global architectures and business model leverage as I have talked about earlier would be the latter piece, not in the ‘15 and ‘16 timeframe.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah, I would just say, eliminating the -- we don’t talk about specific operations within our regional results but we lose money in Chevrolet Europe. So that would be one of those benefits once we get passed that transition. We are looking to significantly improve profitability or reduce our losses in Australia. So those are the two benefits of the actions that we’ve taken that should help improve. We think about product launch cadence, I mean just think about the Middle East, full size SUV, full size pickups, four launches of those products in the Middle East. We have significant work to do in the other markets as well from a launch cadence perspective we’ve talked about. The B-SUV, the Trax, Encore and Mokka, there is more of those coming down the pipeline. And fundamentally, in the emerging market, the BC-type vehicle is going to be very-very important for those markets looking forward. So I think we talked about 2015 being improved from 2014. We didn’t quantify it.
Chuck Stevens: From a book tax perspective, its going to be in the low 30% range. We made a change in including equity incoming to denominator to be similar with ‘14 industry practice which should take us to 30%, 31%, 32% from where we were in 2013.
Mary Barra: And we’ve seen that trend all year starting back in the first quarter of 2013 and it really is market specific. So we’ve really seen a lot of price pressure in Australia. For instance, Japanese are pretty strong and they primarily import from Japan. We’ve seen price competitiveness in South East Asia again; another area where the Japanese dominate and we’ve seen price pressure there. So it appears to me that they’re more overt about taking advantage of the weaker yen in those markets that they have been here in North America or the U.S. specifically.
Mary Barra: Absolutely, I mean, I think its -- most of our product cadence is really well product through the next four or five years. In addition to strong products and looking at what are the opportunity to commit significant changes whether it’s a powertrain, whether it’s electrification as we look at what the marketplace and what really the customer is looking for in the vehicle. So I feel very confident that we’ve got a good product cadence as we go out through the next several years and specifically with (Inaudible) in the vehicles that are on power train.
Mary Barra: Yeah, we accrued similar liability in 2012 when we had an unfavorable ruling and this specific litigation. We reversed it fundamentally because a very related case had a favorable ruling and internal and external counsel deemed the probability of exposing that to be low. So we reversed that. One part of the ruling that we’re still working through is the go forward provision. So this is the retroactive piece as the ruling came down in the (inaudible) case, the impact on go forward wages, you would improve bonuses et cetera and the calculation of (inaudible). So that could have a headwind on a go forward basis from a wage perspective, but we’re still working through the details on that.
Mary Barra: Well, a couple of points; first the truck has gotten great review from a multitude of sources externally in one North American truck of the year. So we’re very confident in the product. We are still getting all the plans online that build that vehicle. If you look at it there has been -- you know, our new product is very effective in selling out the old product. And so there are still 13 to 14 out in the market place. So I think we still have room to get going. We will maintain our pricing discipline, but we will also walk in and react to the market to make sure we’re competitive within the market. But I’m very confident that we have solid full truck out. If you look at -- as I mentioned before, we have the heavy duty trucks coming out. In the first quarter, we’ve got the SUV and then the third part of our strategy is the mid-sized truck that will be coming out in the fall. So there’s just still a lot of going forward and we have a lot of confidence in these product and we’ll still maintain our pricing discipline.
Mary Barra: I think we have success with the Chevy Trax and the (inaudible) and the Opel Malta making that a very good success story. We have an SUV coming in China. This is a setting of the market that continues to grow and we’re going to get in and seize that. In some cases, I wish we were a little faster in getting the product into the market place. But we have a complete cadence that we’re working through and you know we have I think very good products that we’ve announced and are out in the market and what we’ll have upcoming. Again it’s a significant part of the market and I think we’ve got the right products cadence as we go forward.
Mary Barra: Okay, and I'm a glass half-full kind of person, so I would characterize it as opportunities, I mean clearly I think we've got a strong product themes, I think we're getting the recognition in the product cadence that we need to continue to build our brands. I think we all know that there's a multi-year activity, you don't, recovering one year or two -- from a historical perspective, when we look what's in the car park, that's a huge opportunity. So winning products and my goal is that everything that we choose to compete in and around the world, we're going to win in those product. As we continue to do that we've got to work on the other three [Ps], as it relates to making sure we go to the market strongly, continue to build the brands. I still see there's tremendous opportunity in China, we have the three brands there, Buick is being very strong, Cadillac is a huge opportunity and there's a still a lot of room for Chevrolet in China so obviously those are great opportunities. Third, you've got to really focus on maintaining our cost structure. I think we've got a lot of good activity going on in very coordinated way to make sure we're not just looking at cost here or cost there, but systematically looking at our overall cost structure, whether it's been the fixed cost of the business or the material cost of the logistics, so I think that's another huge opportunity and we'll keep our focus on each of those.
Mary Barra: No, and let me go back and make sure that we understand that the reference to outside of Europe let’s start with the foundation for 2014 because we need to declare on that. When we talked about 2014 versus 2013 we said that was going to be a transition here in Europe. Number one, our new key launch is in the most critical segments the GMC segment don’t happen to the latter part of 2014 and 2015, so you know we think that that’s going to be a dynamic that they are going to have to manage to. We also said that we expect a continued price headwinds in the market and I think in our case it's estimated by you know the age of the portfolio in the GMC segment. We’ve got significant year-over-year restructuring charges as a headwind in Europe as well and Russia. Russia is consolidated and part of European operations now with the weakness of the ruble gets created as a talked about back in January and not really a year-over-year headwind. So in the context of say you know we had that a lot and European results are as I indicated before are going to be down year-over-year and margins are going to be down year-over-year primarily driven by restructuring charges in Russia I think that you know my senses from that foundation that is probably some outside but it’s still going to be down year-over-year because of the restructuring primarily.
Mary Barra: Yeah, you know I would say the mix results in the fourth quarter a bit of anomaly I mean we had indicated for the year that we are going to be flat to slightly positive on mix in North America, we ended up flat. We indicated for 2014, next it was going to be a tailwind and we continue to see that. The fourth quarter one, we had compared to year-over-year, every proportion of production allocated to Canada and Mexico so that had a headwind. Number two, in general, our passenger cars versus struts as a percentage of total sales or total production were up year-over-year, and then the last thing which really was a significant impact, there was a number of full-size pickups in blue from Mexico to United States but didn’t get passed that pay point or recognition point before in the year and that created another anomaly in mix, I would be view this as more than anomaly than a trend.
Mary Barra: Sure. There is no right or left turn. I think our growth opportunity is to accelerate the -- from a focus perspective is keeping a strong customer focus. We've got to continue to make sure that we've the right vehicles out there with the right quality. We have work to do but we're on it and building strong brand. We need to continue to maintain our focus balance sheet and again, one of our key areas of focus is to operate profitability everywhere we operate. And we know we have to work to do on that. So we are focused on that. I think one of the opportunities, that’s creating the President position and I was very involved in putting that role together. I think there are opportunities across our regions that we can seize more quickly to have a very stronger go-to-market strategies also to make sure that we are seizing the opportunities in the product portfolio more quickly and really managing on a global basis. So, again, it's really to move forward with the plan and I think we've got a strong foundation, but we really need to now take advantage of it. 
Mary Barra: Yeah, looking specifically at Europe from a cross perspective, overall in the quarter, half a billion -- purchasing, so material performance and some of this will be associated with the Gefco logistics -- alliance that we have our partnership. It was about $100 million in savings, engineering with $100 million in savings. (Inaudible) and D&A $200 million savings offset by -- partial offset by the restructuring. This is not -- extrapolated on our run rate basis going forward when we look at year over results obviously, you know a lot of the actions that was taken over the past couple of year that reduced our roll of fixed cost base, the next big step, once we get past 2014 will be the ongoing savings associated with the call that $200 million to $250 million a year in savings. But I think another thing that maybe underappreciated in some of the views on Europe; we had that significant impairment that we took in 2012 that fundamentally rolls down most of the assets and significant savings in D&A. We’re investing €4 billion or $5 billion, much of that going into tooling. And that depreciable base has started to increase. And we think over the next three or four years, year-over-year we’re going to have increased D&A versus where we were in 2013 as we launched new products. So not all of these are run rate savings. I think we’ve fundamentally driven the business at least on a fixed cost perspective to the right level, we’ll continue to look at streamline that, but not material changes until we get past the bulk enclosure. And then beyond that as it was indicated from the PSA alliance, a lot of material savings will eventuate when we work on the joint programs going forward which are later over the next two or three years.
