Chuck Stevens: Let me take your first question or the first part of your question first Rod. As we’ve talked about before a lot of the net pricing on new products and remember net pricing that we show is the impact in the current quarter for those products that have been launched in the last 12 months. So you’re right the $1 billion of material cost related to content really needs to be netted against the 1.7 billion or so or net price associated with the newly launched products are resulting in kind of a net roll through to the bottom line of 700 million. I think we’ve talked about this before. We would expect to see in the first half of the year pretty significant year-over-year improvement and pricing driven by launch products and then we see it tail off in the second half of the year because we’ll be through the full 12 month launch cycle of the full size pickups. At the same time you’ll see on a year-over-year basis the material cost associated with content drop off as well. So that’s how to think about that. On the cost reduction billion dollars I don’t recall saying that was all in 2014, I think I indicated that in our glide path going forward to 10% EBIT margins that we expected to pick up about 100 basis points of cost between ’14 and ’15 driven to a large extent by material and logistic savings primarily material cost optimization, with fixed costs over that timeframe in the next couple of years being relatively flat the efficiencies and non-marketing related SG&A like global business services, IT and some manufacturing efficiencies offsetting headwinds and incremental marketing in D&A. And I would say that plan still holds and that’s what we’re executing too.
Chuck Stevens: I would say first and foremost we’re going to continue to demonstrate incentive and pricing discipline and I think we’ve seen that through the launch of the full size pick-ups thus far and it’s rolled through our results. At the same time we’re going to be competitive when we talked about the February 6, call that we had the need to address some of the competitive challenges at the lower end of the market, especially Silverado. If you actually look at share year-over-year Sierra is up year-over-year Silverado was down and that’s primarily at the low end of the market. We’ve taken action in March and April to address that so far based on early 10 reads we’ve picked up about 160 to 170 basis points a share, on a retail basis full size pick-ups, so we’re starting to get traction. But we need to do that Brian in a very balanced way, we do not want to give up the gains that we’ve made on mix moving our crew cab mix up and the higher contended premium vehicles that we’re selling. And we think we can accomplish both if we’re smart about our go to market execution. Relative to earnings cadence I think it’s fair to say back in February and January for that matter we indicated that Q1 was going to be in the range of 10% to 15% I think it’s safe to say we performed better than the 15% as a percentage of our total earnings for the year. Broad based across the board improvement versus our expectations across all of the regions fundamentally cost driven so I think we’re going to see the rest of the year for both North America and the Corp is more normalized Q2 through Q4 earnings.
Chuck Stevens: Yes I would say that we have not changed our view for the year which was overall excluding the impact of recalls we expected earnings to be up in aggregate relatively flat margins what I’d say is we changed the shape of the curve. We performed better than we expected in the first quarter so we’ll have to trim some of the expectation to Q2 through Q4.
Chuck Stevens: First, we haven’t changed our guidance on breakeven in Europe including or excluding Russia it’s mid-decade. Second, I am not going to provide country level profitability Itay the regional results in Europe we lost excluding the impact of recalls we lost 100 million which is a 100 million improvement versus the first quarter last year. I would say that certainly a good sign. We’re starting to get traction. The industry has performed better than we expected and we’re performing better than we expected. And I indicated in the other considerations section of the debt that we expect Europe to perform better than planned for the year and I think we’re seeing some of that in Q1 but from an overall perspective mid-decade breakeven is still our objective.
Chuck Stevens: The Q1 cash flow did not include a significant level of cash costs associated with the recall of the pretty minimal primarily related to any payments that we made on currency transportation and or loner. The fundamental cash associated with the recall will start to fall current vehicle sale. If I look at the cadence it’s going to be weighted Q2 to Q4 pretty evenly for the rest of the year that’s when the cash costs are going to roll through the results.
Chuck Stevens: I would think that we’re going to see improved mix on a go forward basis, Q2 forward but a lot of the improvement associated with the full size utilities and HD will fall into price in Q2 on a year-over-year basis and we’ll start to see favourable mix again on a year-over-year basis in Q2 being driven by full sized pick-ups that were launched last year in the later part of Q2.
Chuck Stevens: The Canadians have not approached us yet; we read probably the same press release that you did. I think the best way to answer that question Ryan is we’ve demonstrated the willingness to be opportunistic in past and we’ll have to see how this develops with the Canadian share sales. I think your second question was around, do we think from a General Motors perspective it’s appropriate to go into potentially the open market buyback stock. And I think there is a number of other issues that we need to deal with right now before we think about that, and I’ll leave it at that.
Chuck Stevens: Well I think what we said for China for the years we expected margins to be similar to 2013 levels, somewhere in call it the 9% to 10% range. Q4 the margins were 7.6% and that was driven by some start up related expenses and we’ve kind of cycled past that. Generally Q1 is a richer margin quarter, if you think about the cadence but I think we’re still feeling pretty good about margins in the range of 9% to 10% or relatively flat year-over-year in China.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. High level volume is favourable, mix is favourable as we start to saw more Cadillac and SUVs price is a headwind, the net pricing dynamic in China the holistic is generally been around 3% per year, negative 3% per year, so we expect that to be. Headwind material costs will be a tailwind and fix cost will a headwind as we continue to expand our manufacturing footprint.
Chuck Stevens: And Patrick, relative to your question. The 1.3 billion that we took in Q1 covers what we think is going to be the overall cost to repair and courtesy transportation for the recalls that we announced in the first quarter.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. Let me start, kind of, 10,000 feet I am working my down a little bit. At the end of 2011, early 2012 we embarked on, kind of, a four pronged approach specific to Brazil, but also cuts the rest of the region and how to take and continue to drive improvement in the region product. But the real launch on, our real focus on product launches and I would say that the most recently launched products are doing extremely in Brazil and in the rest of the region. They now account for about 75% of our volume. So we’re very pleased with how we’ve approached that. Second was to really work on our fixed cost and we continue and will continue to make progress and take actions from a fix cost perspective both SG&A and manufacturing. In the Q1 results we had a roughly $50 million charge for continuing restructure we closed, finished up the closure of the San Jose passenger facility. We just got an agreement with Gravatai and our three-year labour deal with 0% real economic associated with it. So we continue to work through that. The third piece was really to work through our material cost, localization and logistics and we continue to work through that. I would say, it’s unfortunate we’ve made significant progress in Brazil and other markets over the past couple of years. But the economic environment has moved, just as rapidly as we’ve been making changes or make an improvement, and we’ll continue to do that. We’re very strong in Brazil we have a great deal in network. We’ve got a great portfolio now a very a strong brand and that’s the place that we’re going to focus on to win. Relative to Venezuela, we like Venezuela when it’s running normally; it hasn’t run normally for the last three quarters. Clearly, that’s weighing down our results. We see no resolution in the near term we continue to work very, very closely through the Brazilian government and also directly with the Venezuelan government to try to determine when the things will return to some level or normalcy, there so we can build and sell vehicle. It can be a very constructive market. So we are weighing our options very, very carefully there. If there’s an opportunity going forward for some normal business we certainly don’t want to pull out and go back in, we’ve shown before when we do that, typically it’s not a good outcome, but we need to discontinue to monitor that.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, as I indicated on the other considerations chart we expect South America to be weaker than expected so if we go back to January our view at that time three months ago was that South America should be improved year over year that’s not going to happen we’re not going to have improvement year over year in South American we seeing a resolution in the near term to Venezuela and I would say I don’t necessarily agree with the 10% industry down take but I would say the industry is softer than we expected in Argentina and Brazil.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, the 1.1 billion is still the right number and as we indicated the majority of that is really related to the planned closure of the our facility in Bochum with the balance been spread and the other regions outside of North America we indicated that the weighting would be more front end loaded we had all in about 300 million of restructuring in Q1 so I would expect that to as we move through the of the year to start to come down a bit but still in that 1.1 billion range.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, okay, first obviously a big one is the wind down of Chevy Europe we also announced the succession of manufacturing operations in Australia and we’re working through that as we speak that has a bit of tail on but as we’re going to continue to wide that down over the next two or three years Stefan Jacoby and his team have went country by country and started to work through some of the issues that we have and the way I think about consolidated operations outside what I just talked about the Chevy wind down in Australia is we’ve got to get the portfolio right. We recognize that we’ve got portfolio weakness in Southeast Asia and in India, in South Africa and some of these other markets that we need to deal with. So that’s first and foremost that starts and ends with great products. And then we need to put in place the right business model around that which means manufacturing footprint dealer network the right level of localization, the right commercialization or industrialization of that portfolio and that’s all work in process. I would expect to see as we move from Q1 to the rest of the year some improvement primarily driven by improved results in the Middle East the rest of the improvement in the consolidated operations that’s going to fall into 2015 and 2016 this is going to be a multi quarter journey.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. What we’re doing is doing everything that we can do to ensure that we’re getting parts produced, the right parts produced as quickly as possible so we can take care of our customers. So we are paying and funding, one needs to get done in order to make sure that we’re getting supply.
Chuck Stevens: What I think that’s the question that you need to answer on a specific product level for instance, as an example. The next generation Insignia, depending the content technology that we applied to that vehicle has, the ability to recover more price than the next generation courses, so we have to be very smart about how we apply content? How we industrialize it? How we make sure that we’re getting cost of product, those possible cost because not every segment can afford the kind of pricing improvements that we see on full size pick up or full size SUVs or CTS vehicle like that.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. Just to be clear, that’s Europe which includes Russia, we’ve restated our prior results and ahead of plan is versus what we talked about back in January from a Europe perspective, so that’s versus our plan, mid decade breakeven.
Mary Barra: Adam I think the first question as it relates to the 7 million unit recall and actually it’s 6 million actual vehicles but when we and when you look at the total amount of issues that were recalled we do see that as a huge opportunity it’s a little too early we’re in the early days it’s just a couple of weeks ago that we started having part kits coming so we can do repairs. Our dealers are well positioned to do that we’ve had excellent dealer communications and actually really reworked our processes to be very responsive to the customer in that we’re shipping part kits by then to dealers to make sure that we get to the customers so we don’t have one dealer that have excess cars and another that’s waiting for cars we’ve also put the tools in the hands of the dealer that they can offer employee pricing to that individual or someone in the household. And I’d say anecdotally right now we’re getting feedback from customers that in fact there is supposed to one last night that had their vehicle repaired and from the note to me send our loyal GM customer so again your point is well taken it’s going to how well we manage it I think it’s just our dealers have been externally recognized for the type of customer or services that is actually that they’re providing they’re geared up to do this and I am confident that they’re going to be demonstrating our focus on the customer as we go through this and it will have positive results.
Mary Barra: Yes, in fact I’ll just add to that I mean I think if you really look at the stress in Europe is really product driven and I think Karl-Thomas Neumann has done a good job of shifting the conversations and some of the issues at over to the product to me a really important single is the strength of the Insignia which is the flagship and that’s been very well received. So I think that is a very strong signal but it’s a product driven recovery and the shift in the method you have there is to the product.
Mary Barra: If I understand your question correctly is the product development, I think if you look at the announcement that was made on -- I see the organization acting more efficiently. When you look at the way the Jeff Boyer organization and the global vehicle safety and then the product integrity team is going to pull it together. We have had the chef engineers very involved as we’ve looked at this structuring change that Mark just announced recently with the product integrity team and the team devoted to the components and sub-systems. So I think it will -- I don’t see it changing the engineering cost to develop new vehicles. And then when you look at these safety organization and our ability, people are putting in place in the way we’re going to work across the organization and I think it’s going to allow us to increase our speed once we understand an issue. And ultimately if you discover an issue and you first discover most likely and then cause it more quickly, overall that’s going to be a lower impact as well. So I don’t see an increase related if in understood your question correctly.
Mary Barra: You know as well look at the whole process, what we’ve got is, is we really redoubled our effort to make sure if there were issues that had been lingering, that we got in, we understood it. We put more people in that organizations to make sure we quickly get to issue. I can’t predict the future to say, what will happen as we go forward, but what I can say is, we will respond to big or small issues as quickly as we can. And in doing that with the speed of responding, allows us to I think really minimize the impact as you get to a smaller population. So that what we’re going to do going forward and we’re going to remain focused on the customer as we look at this issues.
Mary Barra: Well, as we look the trades of the product portfolio that we have that’s coming out we’re just on the really in the middle and so bringing out the full size trucks the heavy duty trucks the SUVs we have more launch products coming and we see strength both from the reception and then also from external assessment of those vehicles and we haven’t seen anything meaningful to-date and we plan on continuing to serve these customers well as they come in and that coupled with our products we’re going to focus on that to minimize if any impact occurs but right now we haven’t seen anything meaningful.
Mary Barra: As I said we expect to have recommendation from tenant in 45 days or so, so I don’t have anything more to comment as you imagine it’s a complex situation as we evaluate both the legal and civic aspects of this but we are working with him and as soon as we have something to share we’ll get it out.
Mary Barra: I would just add though and I just went through with Stefan of this countries yesterday and if you look at it in addition to everything that Chuck talked about we’ve got the right people. I think you all know this is a detailed business that trucks that you got to have the right product, you got to have the right understanding of the marketplace and go into market every single day. I feel very confident with several country leaders that we now in place under Stefan’s leadership we’re just going to keep and get us in it’s a multi quarter journey but they’re definitely on the journey and they’re looking at it the right way. So I think you’ll see positive momentum there.
Mary Barra: And I would say we take tremendous cooperation with the suppliers, you know working right under the senior leadership of the company. Great participation and they are completely supporting our goal to get parts as quickly as we can to get this vehicles repaired it as quickly as we can. So it’s been working quite well.
Mary Barra: I would just add to that, I think it’s getting the right content on the vehicle for the segment and that’s -- there has been a tremendous amount of work done so you have a much better revise segment by market. What is the pre-content that is going to be valued by the customer and therefore they’re willing to pay. And then to look at that there, specially as we look at some of the products that are going to continue to be launched over the near term, a lot I would say better work done to leverage our global scale in the material cost aspect of those product. So it’s a balance between the two, but it’s the right context and then really leveraging our scale on a way we hadn’t done in the past.
Mary Barra: Thank you very much. Well, first of all I really appreciate everybody’s question today and I’d like to close this call with a simple message that, I think really encapsulate everything that we covered today and everything we’re doing as we moved forward. If you look at General Motors, as we move half the bankruptcy we have really been a company that had demonstrated being proactive at every turn, and we continue to do that. And I will tell you I have, I have been in many global employee forums and talking to employees you know if they email and other mechanism, there is definitely the culture and I see this as an opportunity, even accelerate our culture change to make sure that we are fast to responding and truly integrated organization really dedicated to having great products. We will continue to save down every issue we have both internal and external and also more aggressively pursue the opportunity, because the sales is in the market place, there’s opportunity to market place. And we’re going to continue to minimize the challenges and really go after opportunity to think in a way we have and almost done. So I hope today's discussion gives you more confidence in our customer focused strategy we are leaving it. And it’s easy to say and put it on the piece of paper as you go through difficult time you have to prove and we are demonstrating that every single day. Our 20, I hope you also have confidence in our 2014 outlook and our long term potential. So thanks for your time and I turn it back to Randy.
