Paul Jacobson: Yes, good morning, Itay, and thanks for your comments and your questions. First on the inventory question, what I would say is, we're continuing to pursue our targeted range of 50 to 60 days on hand of inventory. I think the team has done a really good job of balancing that, and I think that's provided some of the ability to be disciplined with incentives, and clearly is, I think, resulted in a competitive advantage for us that we've utilized for the last couple of years. As we think about that 2% to 2.5%, similar to what we've done for the last couple of years, I would call that a planning assumption rather than an expectation of where we see pricing. We want to make sure that we do that to make sure -- to ensure that we can hit our targets, generate the cash flow that's needed for investment and drive the free cash flow performance. So, as similar to years past, if we don't see that, I would expect that we can get some upside into the numbers that we've talked about. So, we haven't gone through and assigned an expectation to any particular categories that's just something top-sided we do in the planning process. I hope that helps.
Paul Jacobson: So without getting into very detailed specifics, because, obviously, it can get quite complicated. What I would say is, we feel confident about hitting that variable profit positive target in the -- in probably the low 200,000 units of the range that Mary mentioned. That's based on a pretty consistent demand profile, so as we've seen the demand for the vehicles that we're producing and the way that customers have received them, we think we can keep that up. So to the extent that we see any pricing softness or demand retreat we might have to revisit that, but we feel very good about the trajectory that we are on right now.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Joe, it's Paul. Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Probably just to digress for a second on the lower of cost or market adjustment on the EV inventory. So a couple of things. Number one, that's not in any of the metrics that I think are important. Clearly it is a year-over-year benefit for us on our journey. But when you think about the two metrics that we're looking at, there isn't an impact from that. So first is variable profit positive. This relates a lot more to sort of EBIT, how we think about that going forward. But variable profit is mainly benefiting from scale and lower material costs going forward. So not a contributor to that. And then when you think about getting to the mid-single digit margin target in 2025, we would expect that there isn't really going to be inventory that’s necessarily carrying that. If there is, we will call that out as we go forward. But it's not in our calculations. They are not a part of what we think our journey is going to be. So I appreciate the question and not surprised by it, but we're continuing to march along. When you think about the -- sorry, the second part of your question was on -- apologies, what’s the second part of your question. Oh, on tracking? Yes, on when we'll disclose. We'll continue to talk about our journey and give confidence as far as specific data points. Not sure that we're going to do it quarterly yet, but we'll continue to update on our progress. Thanks. I'm sorry for that hiccup.
Paul Jacobson: So Ryan, thanks for the question. I'll take a shot at that. When you look at the macro backdrop, I think we're approaching it pretty consistently to what we have for the last few years. So we've talked about a 16 million SAAR, about 2% to 2.5% of sort of total pricing pressure across the board. A lot of it is, I would say, a testament to what we achieved and overcame in 2023 that we don't expect to repeat. Of course, there will be some things that pop up as there are every year. And I think the team has done a good job of knocking those things down and overcoming some of those challenges going forward. So against the macro backdrop, that feels a little bit consistent with some conservatism in there on the pricing side of it. I think a lot of it is on our ability to execute. And we have had a lot of challenges, as Mary mentioned. I think 2023 was a big year of learning for us. But as she talked about with the work that we're doing on the module assembly and where we see EV ramp as well as the customer response to the EVs that we're producing, I think this is a year of our executing. And a lot of it is in our control.
Paul Jacobson: And Dan, on your question on cash, I think the simple math is correct. We would obviously see a sizable increase in our cash balance. Our capital allocation stance remains the same, which is to invest in the business. And we've talked about $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion of CapEx this year. We have been streamlining that and making that efficient and a priority to drive free cash flow. And as we look at the balance sheet, I think the balance sheet is in really good shape. And there's no change to our stance of, call it, $18 billion or about $20 billion of cash on hand. So clearly, we've demonstrated a renewed commitment and prioritization of returning cash to shareholders. And we'll maintain that flexibility going forward.
Paul Jacobson: That's kind of been our floor/targeted range. Obviously, we've carried quite a bit more than that over the last few years as we dealt with some of the uncertainty. But as we imagine -- or as we said in November when we announced the share repurchase with a lot of that uncertainty behind us, lower CapEx spending, we felt comfortable operating at that lower balance. So $18 billion to $20 billion feels very comfortable as the targeted range.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning Emmanuel. Thanks for the questions. On the 2024 numbers, I think they're wholly consistent with the 200,000 to 300,000 range that we've articulated here. And as I mentioned earlier in response to a question around EVs, the low 200,000 is kind of what gets us to the point where we feel comfortable about getting the variable profit positive from there. Obviously, growth is a component, but it's a much smaller component of the walk from 2024 to 2025 than it is from 2023 to 2024. But it will require some growth. We're not going to commit to that other than just to say kind of that's where we stand, and we'll see where customer demand is going forward. And the other point, if I didn't make it earlier on the lower battery raw material costs, keep in mind that we don't start to see meaningful benefit from that until we get to the middle part of the year, because a lot of the cells that we have in inventory were built with higher raw materials costs. So while we're producing cells today, we're going first in, first out on the cells. So we have a little bit of a lag before we realize that. That lower battery raw material cost of about $4,000 a vehicle that we articulated, we'll also have some annualization benefits in 2025 since we're not getting the full benefit here in 2024. I hope that's helpful.
Paul Jacobson: Tom, I'll suggest that we take that off-line, work through any modeling details. But at the end of the day, clearly, the commercial market, as we talked about, we expect to be relatively stable and pricing down 2% to 2.5%. Not going to get into the specifics about how we're thinking about market share gains other than to say, fairly consistent about what we've been doing for the last few years going forward. And then on EVs, a lot of that, we will continue to talk about as we come to sort of later Investor Day and subsequent calls going forward. I think we've given good detail on the overall walk on vehicle program level.
Paul Jacobson: So Tom, I think our -- we've got great relationships with our suppliers and a team that works very, very closely with them. They have been, I would say, very patient with us over the last few years, because we've had a lot of volatility. And in those situations where we need to help, we've been willing to do that going forward. And we always look at both efficiencies and any challenges in our annual budget process, and this year is no different.
Mary Barra: Hi Rod, thanks for your comments. I wouldn't necessarily say change in our strategy, I think as we've continued to progress in the EV transformation we have found more ways to be much more efficient with capital. And I do want to correct a statement I made earlier where I said, we'd eliminated 1,000 selectable options across our portfolio. It was really a hundred. Although, I think I have a new stretch target for the team as we take the initiative global. But its initiatives like that of continue to look for ways to optimize the capital. When you look at our ICE portfolio, the investment that we made in the last part of the last decade really sets us up well to have all new products coming off the existing platforms, whether it's full-size trucks, full-size SUVs, mid-size SUVs, etc. And so, we're looking to continue to be very focused with capital to make sure it's going to generate the right return. And I would also say we are prioritizing, continuing to return cash to our shareholders as we go through this transformation, because we think the strength of our business, especially our ICE business allows us to do that. So it's not a change in strategy. I would say on some of the business you mentioned like BrightDrop and others, as we look at the business. I think it’s important is we started them to give them some room, but as we got clarity on where the real opportunity for GM was, we could make those businesses much more efficient. And we're going to continue to do that to work on our cost structure to make every dollar a capital count. But we still see growth opportunity. I mean, we had a revenue growth of 10% last year. So we still have many initiatives in which to grow. We're just going to do it in a very optimized way.
Mary Barra: Yes, appreciate the question, Dan. We are committed to Cruise. When we look at the technology, the foundational technology is sound. We had already demonstrated and validated externally that Cruise technology is already safer than a human driver. One of the things we've learned is, humans expect technology computers to be much more safe than they -- their expectations than they have for other people. And with that knowledge we are already working on what the level of the technology needs to be to meet the consumers' expectations. We think we can do that, so we are committed. And we are working on the detailed plan right now of how we'll go forward. We're also looking -- the other big learning was, as you roll out technology that is as transformative as this and has incredible benefits to safety, you have to do it in a way where you're really working with the regulators at the local, state, and federal level, as well as first responders. So as we roll out anywhere, we are going to make sure we build the right relationships, they understand the technology, they understand what’s the benefit of the technology, and that's what we'll do. But we have confidence in the underlying technology and you’ll hear more about our plans for Cruise as we develop the plan in the upcoming weeks.
Mary Barra: Yes. Thanks, Adam. So from a capital perspective and to build on what I said with Rod, the majority of our capital spend is toward EV. Remember, from an ICE perspective, we have the foundation, already built the plants. And as I mentioned, all of the architectures for our really strong ICE portfolio, that capital has already been deployed. So this is really an opportunity for us to just continue to do great vehicles with very optimized capital from an ICE portfolio as mentioned with the Traverse, the Equinox and the full-size truck, just to name a few. To your point on capital deployed from an infrastructure perspective, as the market evolves and as battery technology evolves, we will continue to evaluate our level of vertical integration. I think with the work we've done on LTM and the work we've done on electric motors and the joint ventures with plant one, two and three, and then four -- our fourth plant is with Samsung, that gives us a different form factor with prismatic and cylindrical cells, I think we're well positioned. But as we move forward, we'll evaluate that. So I think there's options there. And as you can see, with all the initiatives we have, we are really working to take overall capital down, but still get the number of programs that we need. So Adam, I hope that helps. Happy if you have additional questions there. And then on Elon's comments about China, I think, look, I don't discount any competitor. We need to make sure we have beautifully designed vehicles that have the right features, the right safety and the right customer experience. And we have to do it at a competitive cost base, and that's why we're focused so much on our cost base. Now when you mentioned the Chinese consumers, we do need a level playing field. I mean there comes a point where if it's not a level playing field between tariff and nontariff barriers, any industry is going to struggle to compete. So give us a level playing field, and I'll put our products in our cost structure that we continue to improve up against any.
Mary Barra: Hi, John. Thanks for the question. And we continue to evaluate the strategy on a regular basis. We have very robust strategy discussions with our Board and with the leadership team. And as you mentioned, the world is changing quickly whether it's EV, whether it's software, autonomy, et cetera, and we're going to continue to respond to that. I do agree with you that we're doing that from a position of strength. And we'll evaluate where we have the opportunity to deploy capital and generate an appropriate return. And like we made the decision for China -- excuse me, for Europe, when we looked at that, what we said actually has happened. We said it would be a win-win-win, a win for the Opel team, a win for at the time, PSA and a win for General Motors because we participate in the warrants, and we did just that. So we're not going to shy away from making tough calls or maybe calls that people wouldn't expect if we think it's the right thing to do for the business to ensure we're here, we protect our strengths in the markets that we have, whether it's North America. I mentioned on the earnings call, in the top quartile, we've been leading that for several years, and now we profitably have taken the most affordable segment. And we have a strong business in South America and many of our international markets. China, as Paul mentioned, there's tremendous changing not only from a technology point of view but a competitive point of view. And so we're evaluating China. We think there's a place to play. It is a tremendous growth opportunity if we can do that well, and that's our goal. But nothing is off the table in ensuring that GM has a strong future to generate the right profitability and the right return for our investors.
Mary Barra: Yes. We are going to be bringing those in at a time where we need them from a compliance perspective. This year, we're very focused in -- I think as we are able to get the delivery to our dealers, they are going to see the strength of the EV portfolio. So I'll have more to share on the hybrid capacity. We'll adjust the capacity because, again, we have the technology. We know the targeted segments that we're going to apply it to. So we'll have the ability to flex and do what we need to from a hybrid perspective. But I think for calendar year 2024, EV is our focus. And we think we've got tremendous growth opportunity as we free up getting the availability of the products to customers.
Mary Barra: So, Ryan, there's a lot in there, but let me first by saying the response from regulators has been positive. So -- and we'll continue to have that outreach and build that relationship and be transparent with them. You shouldn't read too much into what we said shortly thereafter we learned of the situation. We went in and did a lot of work. And I got a -- I have to give our co-presidents, Craig Glidden and [indiscernible] credit for going in and really staying focused on the technology, making sure we keep the very talented software engineers that are doing incredible work and have allowed us to already clock 5 million miles of driverless miles. So it was really just going to look a lot of where the opportunity to cut costs came from, the change in strategy to really focus on one city to demonstrate it as opposed to -- you remember at one point, they were talking about 20 cities this year. And so, there were a lot of people who had been recently added more from an operational standpoint that we were able to exit those employees. But clearly a focus on the technology. And the way I look at this is, we're going to make sure we do it right from a regulatory, a consumer, a customer relationship perspective, get the technology where we think it would be. And then once we're informed by doing it well in the cities, then we'll have the opportunity to go quickly and scale from there. So don't read anything into the $1 billion other than we went and did the work and saw the opportunity.
Mary Barra: So on the further funding at Cruise, I'll take that, and I'll have Paul answer -- excuse me, the other question. As we get the detailed plan of how we're going to relaunch Cruise in the road map, then we'll evaluate the overall funding needs. And we'll determine is it internal or externally sourced.
Mary Barra: Emmanuel, I would consider it right now it's our best estimate for this year. Obviously, as we develop a much more detailed plan that will inform over the next couple of years what the spending needs to be, so more to come.
Mary Barra: Yes. Chris, appreciate the question. I think back in the 2018 time frame, I think we should have, in hindsight, put it across the portfolio much more quickly. It's not a number of models. I don't have it off the top of my head. Ashish, we can provide that. But it's on a number of models across the portfolio right now. As we launch the Traverse this year will be added to the Traverse. Again, we're seeing extremely strong response from customers where I think it's over 80%, 85% of customers once they experience the technology say they would never -- they would not want a car without it or they would strongly prefer it on their vehicle, which, in my experience, is a pretty high interest rate for a single technology. So we're committed. We're going to continue to develop. And we have been, along the way, adding more roads and adding more capability, whether it's lane change, whether it's trailering. So there's a robust plan to continue to improve Super Cruise, and we'll stay on that. And we are seeing the profitability benefits. And the more vehicles to your point, we get it on, the better it will be. And we're committed to do that. And frankly, have done quite a bit already. And we can provide that.
Mary Barra: Yes. No, we are committed to getting it on many vehicles as possible. In some cases, we had planned to make it standard. The semiconductor shortage kind of slowed us down on that because if [indiscernible] building a vehicle at all or waiting to build it with Super Cruise. So we are very committed to getting across many vehicles. We've dramatically taken the cost down on the technology. So it's a really good value. And in my opinion, we're deploying it as quickly as we can. And it's really just with -- there is engineering required and some sensors required when you add it to a new vehicle, but we're doing that in a very cadenced but as quick as possible fashion.
Mary Barra: Thank you very much. And thanks, everybody, for your questions. I'd like to share just a couple of thoughts before we close. Fundamentally, we believe we are well positioned to have a strong year, thanks to our success in high-margin and growing ICE segments, our expanding EV portfolio, our cost discipline and our continuous improvements to design, engineering, supply chain, manufacturing and marketing process improvements. In addition, we are prioritizing the return of cash to our shareholders on a consistent basis as we execute the plan. We know we must execute in every part of the business in 2024, not just ICE. And I can assure you we will. So thank you for your continued support and for joining today's call, and please stay safe.
