Daniel Akerson: Thanks, Randy. In summary, we had a solid quarter. Each region posted a profit. Our cash flow was strong and most importantly, our fuel-efficient vehicles continue to perform very well in the marketplace, and we have more coming. Today's results are further evidence that we continue to make steady progress on our plan and on our goal of long-term sustained performance for General Motors, but we have a lot more work to do. Turning to Slide 2, our global deliveries and net revenue were both up year-over-year, reflecting the benefits of our global footprint. Our revenue was up 19% to $39.4 billion, and we were able to outpace the market resulting in global share increasing to roughly 12.2%. We delivered $3 billion in EBIT-adjusted, an increase of $1 billion versus the prior year, reflecting the benefits of improved revenue offsetting higher commodity costs and future product costs. GM North America improved its EBIT-adjusted to $2.2 billion, largely on the strength of stronger sales of fuel-efficient vehicles across the portfolio. And I'm pleased to report that GME, GM Europe, achieved another important milestone of positive EBIT-adjusted of about $100 million for the second quarter. Clearly, more work to do, but Europe continues to meet plans, especially our market share in Germany, which is up 0.9% year-over-year.  GMIO, International Operations, reported EBIT-adjusted of $600 million, up $100 million from a year ago. And GM South America recorded EBIT-adjusted of $100 million, down $100 million from the second quarter of 2010. During the quarter, we have also made good progress further strengthening our -- in further strengthening our fortress balance sheet. We generated automotive free cash flow of $3.8 billion and ended the quarter with available automotive liquidity of $39.7 billion. All in all, a good quarter that's another step in our journey of sustained profitable growth.  I'll now turn it over to Dan Ammann who will provide additional details.
Daniel Akerson: Well, let me first talk about China. We have the right to the option to purchase back that 1%, and we've expressed that. Understand, we have strong ties, relationships with SAIC. And as you probably know, they're restructuring their own company as we speak. So once that kind of settles down, then I think you'll see the transaction take place. We disclose that I think in our K and Q, so nothing more to report on that. There are 2 levels of TARP oversight. One is for what I'll call ordinary TARP companies, and then I think there were 7 companies that got extraordinary status. And we are extraordinary. No more comment on that. And as a result, there were U.S. team [ph] regulations written on top of the TARP legislation that are more stringent. And it is a doughnut, that's the answer to your question. In other words, until technically -- unless there's some change in the regulations, and I have no reason to expect there will be, they have the right, the U.S. Government has the right to oversee compensation for our top 25 people and top 100 at various levels of involvement until they've exited their investments.
Daniel Akerson: I'll try to handle that. I don't know precisely what Nick said. I read everything. I saw some, but maybe you saw something else. But I do think 2012, of course, depending on macroeconomic drivers. But we've stabilized share and started to grow slightly in Germany where we lost most of our share. The Vauxhall brand has been reasonably consistent in the U.K. We had some progress on our cost structure, particularly in one plant with regard to further restructuring, which will show sustained better cost performance in 2012. And that's why we're going to see additional restructuring charges in the second half of this year. And the product cadence in Europe is not dissimilar to what we're seeing in some of our other regions. Certainly, not what we're seeing -- we're going to see in South America. But they're a number of new product introductions in Europe. So I think the management team in Europe, which has done a very, very good job, there's a fair degree of cautious optimism that with a slightly better cost structure and a slightly better improvement in terms of product and market stabilization and possibly some growth, that we'll have a better '12 than we did '11.
Daniel Akerson: Our plan going into the K2xx [ph] is, we haven't announced specific powertrain lineups, but we're certainly going to have a competitive lineup of powertrains.
Daniel Akerson: Yes. On an overall basis, I would say relatively flat year-over-year with productivity improvements offsetting variable manufacturing, engineering being relatively flat. We're looking at reasonably flat levels of marketing. So in those pretty big 3 buckets, I think, from a planning perspective, they're flat year-over-year.
Daniel Akerson: This is Dan Akerson. Let me take that one. It is a stated goal between ourselves and the UAW. That structural costs are critical. We're looking at other options and alternatives to throw it into the category of a variable cost contingent upon results, not unlike our bonus plan for most of our management. I would characterize the relationship and the dialogue as being constructive. I think both parties understand the need for the company to prosper for anybody to have any sort of future prospects of a company that goes back to the old cost structure would not bode well for General Motors or the industry, quite candidly. So there's a kind of sober recognition that we are partners joined at the hip; one can't prosper without the other doing well too. And so I think we're off to a good start. But as you note, they're going to be areas we don't agree on, and they're going to -- we're going have to find common ground, and we will. But I think you can rest assured that both sides of the table understand the issues surrounding structural cost and the ability for the company to continue to do well in the future.
Daniel Ammann: I'll let Chuck answer the variable manufacturing question, but what we're trying to do here, as we've signaled previously I think, is we're trying to hold structural cost essentially flat year-over-year. I think we gave you a sense on the last call that we would expect to have some improvement in the second quarter relative to the first quarter. You recall that we had in the fourth quarter of last year costs ramp up around Cruze and Volt launch; some of that carried over into Q1. We've seen some roll off with that into Q2 and expect it to flatten out in the balance over the year. So this is really consistent with us delivering what we had indicated previously, which is essentially flat structural cost year-over-year.
Daniel Ammann: I just have one thing on the end which is to your point, we're continually focused on cost opportunities here. I think we continue to see opportunities to do more with less and to do things more efficiently all around the company, and that's a big focus for us. But it's a continuous focus not the focus on any one particular quarter.
Daniel Ammann: Well, commodity cost will do what they're going to do. Obviously, that's outside of our control ultimately. But as we said previously, we're looking to offset our commodity price increases with our own price increases for our products, as well as supplier performance. And we're continuing to focus aggressively on costs across the company and continue to see opportunity there.
Daniel Ammann: I'd say a lot of the cost restructuring, or cost benefits from the restructuring, have pivot [ph] in there at this point in time; we'll see some incremental opportunities, but the majority of that is in the results at this point.
Daniel Ammann: It applies to those -- the comment specifically applies to the whole company, but I would apply it to North America as well as Europe.
Daniel Ammann: So on the China margin, it's really a handful of puts and takes in there. There's some tax related items. Remember, that's a net income margin, so it's after taxes and so on. So nothing significant that you'll need to extrapolate or do anything else with there. On the cash level, I'll let Chuck answer the stock adjustment question. On the cash level, there's no change to our perspective there. We've been very clear from the outset about the fortress balance sheet, the benefits of it. As Dan alluded to in his comments, we expect to get some significant benefits out of the business by bringing much more stability to the product development organization, much more consistency to the way that we're investing in that, so we opportunity there, which is a function of the strategy that we have. But there's no real change to the overall liquidity requirement picture.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, John, I'll just add, it's very much wait and see and see how it unfolds. You can -- I've heard credible arguments or credible cases for all sorts of different scenarios, and so I think it's just too early to predict at this point.
Daniel Ammann: As I pointed out, one of the big benefits in the second quarter were the dividends out of China. They come in, in the second quarter each year. So that's a once a year item. We took you through -- effectively, the first quarter was $600 million, after adjusting for the [indiscernible] $3.8 billion in the second. CapEx will be up fairly meaningfully in the second half of the year, but beyond that, there are no other sort of significant unusual items.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. I mean, we're obviously looking at capital allocation. But again, I go back to our fundamental strategy here, which is, we want to keep the fortress balance sheet, we want our best [ph] #1 on the product portfolio and so on. And we're doing that, we obviously have ample liquidity to go ahead and do that. We're keeping a close eye on, obviously, the pension situation. As I've indicated previously, we're going to watch that through the end of the year and decide what additional actions if any might need to be taken around that. We're obviously in a very volatile asset environment and a very volatile liability environment right now for the pension plan. Interest rates are all over the map. They're down dramatically. And as you know, that increases the liability. On the other hand, we are more fixed-income-centric than some other pension plans. So we really want to keep a close eye on that. It is $100 billion plan, as you know. We want to see what happens with that through the end of the year. And then beyond that, obviously, we have an objective to ultimately return cash to shareholders. But when and how and in what form that happens, no decisions have been taken on that.
Daniel Ammann: Well, we're seeing pick-ups run at about 11.5% in the last month or 2, which is a more typical level as we look at it. So that's what we'd be thinking about there. Our share of the pick-up truck segment has run pretty consistently in the high 30s. And so we're not looking for -- we're not making any heroic assumptions on that. So it really comes down to what's the SAAR going to do. We're obviously sitting here today looking out at a fairly uncertain and, in the view of a lot of people, fairly bleak economic picture. That's changed in the last few months. It can change again, and so you don't need to see the SAAR pick up too significantly from here before you get into the kind of numbers that we're talking about. And what we don't want to do is get into a situation where we end up being meaningfully constrained either. So it's a balance. We've given the lead times and so on. We have to take a view. We've taken the view that we described here. Obviously, if the environment doesn't improve well into next year or even along the way, we'll be modulating production as we go.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. So this quarter was a little unusual because we had the release of some provisions, which is why you saw our tax benefit rather than tax expense. But going forward, absent other tax events, you should assume what we indicated previously, which is round numbers of 10% effective tax rate.
Daniel Ammann: Well, what I've said, we're saying approximately, right? And part of the reason we're saying approximately is it's not exactly clear, to the earlier discussion, how things are going to unfold with the Japanese with the supply/demand equation. The key message is that for all of last year, for the second quarter of this year, we were clearly at or around, I think last year, we were slightly below. This year -- well, this quarter, we're right on. That's the way that we're conducting the business. That's the way that we're going to run it going forward. Exactly where the year comes out, given the Q1 and sort of unknowns that could happen this year, we think it'll be approximately around the industry average, but we can't be that precise at this point.
Daniel Ammann: Well, I think we've identified 2 things. One is we're having a very radical product overhaul as I've talked about at some length that's going on, and you all well understand the costs associated with that. But I would say that there has been some change in the market dynamic down there. The Koreans have shown up very aggressively in the market and have been pricing aggressively and competing aggressively. So whereas you had a market that was really pretty stable in terms of the top 3 between ourselves, Volkswagen, Fiat, there is a new entrant, and they're been pushing fairly hard. So how all that shakes out in terms of once we get the portfolio overhauled and so on, we don't precisely know, obviously. And that was the other point I'd make is that it is a little bit of a story of 2 markets down there. It's sort of Brazil versus all the other markets, and we continue to perform from a margin point of view pretty strongly in most of the other markets outside of Brazil. Obviously, Brazil is the biggest market, and that's where we have the biggest product aging issues, if you like. So there are a number of variables in there, but there is more to it than simply our product overhaul.
Daniel Ammann: I don't think there's been any real change. I think what we indicated previously is we certainly want to see how the rest of this year shakes out, see where we end up the year with pension and anything else and contract negotiations and credit ratings. There's a lot of variables in the equation here. So there's no fundamental change to the way that we're thinking about capital allocation and the time line in which we're thinking about it.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, sure. The short answer to your first question is yes, we expect it to be down slightly year-over-year, and then, Chuck, on the first half of the first half would be slightly...
Daniel Ammann: We're not commenting anymore on the truck launch date than we have. And I don't -- Chuck gave an answer earlier on the structural cost for 2012 versus '11 for North America. We see that being roughly flat as well.
Daniel Ammann: I think that's all fair. The only slight adjustment I'd make is that structural cost second half to first half is probably roughly flat as well.
Daniel Ammann: Volume is obviously -- volume will be what it's going to be. As the market unfolds, we'll see how that transpires.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, again, no decisions are being made. But I take your point and I'd agree with it that putting more stock into a pension plan would be at odds with the de-risking strategy that we're following. So I think that's less likely.
Chuck Stevens: And relative to the variable manufacturing expense, when you look at the implications of direct labor as well as indirect material, we estimate the variable manufacturing expense at roughly $1,400 to $1,500 a unit and use of that in our analysis of the impact of volume.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, let me give you the sequential improvement. As Dan indicated, net price was favorable $600 million. Of that, about $100 million was related to base vehicle pricing, some of the actions that we took to mitigate the material and freight increases. Economic sales allowances primarily reduced retail incentives in the U.S. was worth about $400 million and the stock adjustment about $100 million quarter-to-quarter.
Chuck Stevens: Yes. When I think about the second half versus the first half, obviously, the vehicle pricing that we put in place along with the model year '12 increase, which was just about 1%, will drive some improved top line pricing, again, primarily to offset material and commodity headwinds. The incentive piece is a little bit more uncertain. And right now, we're looking at kind of flat incentive spending H2 versus H1, primarily because of the uncertainty around what the Japanese might do once their stock levels up back up to reasonable levels and then what the competition might do relative to following or not. So I think there's a bit of look and see around what might happen with incentives, but the base vehicle pricing will be improved in the second half of the year.
Chuck Stevens: I think there's some uncertainty there. Last year in March, after the challenges they had, they came out very, very aggressively in the latter part of March, April timeframe, and the competition didn't necessarily follow. We didn't follow, for sure. It depends on what happens.
Chuck Stevens: Yes. When you look at the capacity utilization across our facilities, the average is 103%, but we've got a number of facilities that are running North of 120%, including our full-sized pick-up facilities right now. So I think we can sustain 120% to 130% level, and that was kind of the plan when we were looking at and going through the IPO about not having to add brick-and-mortar on a go-forward basis. It was to more fully utilize the plants on three-shifts.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, we're up slightly first half 2011 versus first half 2010. We expect to be down slightly H2 to H2 and relatively flat year-over-year.
