Mary Barra: Thanks, Kyle, and thanks for sharing the progress that the Cruise team is making is just incredible. So, before we move into Paul's remarks, I'd like to address our negotiations with the UAW, which just kicked off and with Uniform. First and most importantly, I want to say how proud I am of our talented and experienced manufacturing workforce. There's a direct connection between their hard work and our success, and we have a great future ahead of us. As we've talked about today, the future includes continued investment in strategic ICE vehicles, like the full-sized trucks, full-sized SUVs, and mid-sized SUVs. Our future also includes retooling existing assembly plans and upscaling the team as we transform the company to grow rapidly in EVs. We have a long history of negotiating fair contracts with both unions that reward our employees and support our long-term success of the business. Our goal this time will be no different. That's the best possible outcome for all of our employees, plant communities, dealers, suppliers, and investors, and we look forward to constructive talks. So, thank you and now let me turn the call over to Paul.
Mary Barra: Thanks, Rod, for the question. I would say we're doing a lot in that space. Our -- what we said last year at Investor Day, it gets low to mid-single-digit margins for our EV portfolio by 2025 remains unchanged. Even with all the things that are moving in that, we're committed to getting there. I think when you look at the incredible cost discipline that we're demonstrating right now as well as winning with simplicity. It's just going to take cost out of every part of the business and make everything more efficient. And we think actually be better from a consumer perspective. . As it relates specifically to manufacturing costs, there's quite a bit of work. We have a special team that is looking at how do we continue to drive efficiency, especially in the body shop. And of course, the battery team is working on how do we take cost out from an LTM perspective with what we've learned by now having that up and running. So I think there are several areas we're working on. We intend to have industry-leading margins, and we're not going to stop until we get there and we still have a lot of levers to pull. I don't know, Paul, if you want to add anything.
Mary Barra: So first of all, on pricing in our plan, of course, we're going to be -- we're going to watch what's going on in the marketplace. But I think one of the things we demonstrated for almost 15 years now is we're going to be very disciplined with incentives and with our vehicles and when I think when you look at the original pricing that we announced I think it was very in line with what the customer expects for the value they're going to see from the products. And so far we're seeing that. So we believe we have priced the vehicles right. Again we have a lot of pent up demand. The feedback we're getting anecdotally for instance, from LYRIQ, new LYRIQ owners is they're just delighted with the vehicle. So I think we've got the pricing strategy right. Of course, we're going to watch it. And we're not changing our mid -- our 2025 EV profitability guidance. We'll pull all the levers that we have to either get there if there's challenges or make it even stronger. So again, Rod, we know it's a dynamic business, but we're committed to get there. And I think this leadership team continues to be able to do what they say. As it relates to the $800 million, there were many issues that we wanted to take care of, but I would say a chunk of it was us doing the right thing for our customers that goes beyond what a traditional recall expense back to a supplier would be as we look at that because we chose to do the right thing from a timing perspective. And I think our customers are happy as evidenced by the still the strong. Actually, we can't build enough Bolts right now. So we'll share more about what everything means for our EV margins when we get to November. But again, we thought it was the right thing to do, and we are -- have been and will continue to work with our partner, LG ES to take cost out of what of the Ultium and specifically the Cells,
Mary Barra: Yes, we so we're not walking away from any of the targets we put out, whether it's 100,000 in the second half of this year, leading them to 400,000 by middle of next year. And what you're going to see in the second half of this year and then really crank up in the first half of next year is a lot more Ultium-based product. . We were surprised the supplier, we thought they were in better on track for the delivery that they had. So we have seen in our teams to help them get the automation up and running. We've already seen a lot of improvement from I'll say, the last four to six weeks, we're going to continue on that path. But to derisk it, we've also added additional lines because we don't want module production to gate our launch of all the products that we have coming in the second half of this year and continuing into next. And we know we're going to need that module assembly capability anyway as we continue to grow beyond the 400,000. So disappointing, I've personally been reviewing the lines. As you know, I've spent time in ME earlier in my career running. So we'll get this behind us. I'm very confident of the teams we have in place. So you'll see it improve as we get through I would say, into the end of third quarter, beginning of fourth quarter, and then I think it will primarily be behind us by the end of the year, if not a month or so sooner.
Mary Barra: Yes. So I think from the recent competitive action, if you look at the Silverado work truck, the range, the telling capability, the overall performance. It's a true truck. So when people aren't having to make compromises or trade-offs. So I'm very confident, and we have strong demand for the Silverado work truck as well as the RST, which will be -- that's from a retail perspective out toward the end of the year. So I'm very confident with where we are in the pricing for the Silverado EV. And that's -- your first question, Itay, was...
Mary Barra: Yes. Again, we're seeing with LYRIQ, we're seeing with the HUMMER truck and SUV, Frankly, the Bolt, I mean these vehicles are getting to the dealers' lots. And if they're not already sold, the -- they've got a list of people who are waiting for them. So -- and we still have a lot of reservations and people who put deposits down. The churn on that is very, very low. And for the rare customer who decides they're not going to wait for the vehicle, there are several more waiting in line. So again, we're very confident. And it's not by accident. It's because we -- there's been some criticism that we should have been faster with our EVs. We're going as fast as we can, but we wanted to make sure we were leveraging a platform that's going to give us efficiency with Ultium and that consumers weren't going to have to compromise. So I'm very confident with the product portfolio we have coming, the pricing and the demand.
Mary Barra: So it will incorporate -- when the new version comes out, we will say it's an Ultium-based product. So we are definitely leveraging that technology because that's going to really help us get costs down. Remember, today's Bolt is our second-generation battery technology and from Gen 2 to Ultium. We saw about a 40% reduction as we started to launch. So that's going to really help drive the profitability of that vehicle. And then with the work that we've done from a software-defined vehicle, Ultifi, it will have latest from that perspective as well. So this is a very capital-efficient quick way to build. And the strong consumer response we have to the Bolt and getting affordable vehicle out into the marketplace. So as we continue to look for ways to drive capital efficiency, this is something we look before. But as we've gotten more experience, the team took a look and frankly, I'm super excited about it.
Mary Barra: Yes, Adam. Great question. I think the Ultium platform is much more efficient. I think they've already indicated that their dedicated platform wasn't competitive from a cost perspective. We're continuing to take costs out of Ultium. But of course, we always look at what the joint venture partner can bring to the party, and we're going to look to make sure that we're competitive from an EV perspective in that market as well. So we are open and always considering whatever is the most cost-effective way to have a vehicle that's going to have no compromises to meet the performance of, in this case, the Chinese consumer.
Mary Barra: As there was no market-driven slowdown, this was really us looking and making sure we had the absolute right portfolio entries. And as I mentioned, for both EV and ICE we're going to -- by 2030, we'll be covering 90% of the segments, but we looked and found ways to do that more efficiently. The Bolt is a good example, instead of doing an all-new vehicle really leveraging the capital that's already there and the benefits we have by having the Ultium platform. And then I think the winning with simplicity, in the past, we've gone in and done complexity reduction. But if you don't do it as you design the vehicle, you drive a lot of capital in vendor tooling and in the plant. And frankly, this is something we've been working on for the last several months. Mark Reuss is leading this initiative with the marketing and manufacturing teams. And we are finding, there's a lot of ways to take cost out of manufacturing and from a capital perspective as well. So it's pretty significant. You'll hear and see more about it. But just the comment I made about getting rid of trims that directly correlates to spending less capital, especially on the vendor tooling side.
Mary Barra: Yes. I would say if you go back, the Bolt's been in market for several years now and actually had very good warranty performance. Remember, this was two specific manufacturing defects that have occurred at the same time, caused the issue on the Bolt that was in the LG ES process. We -- our team worked hand-in-hand with them. We understand exactly what happened. When you look at what we're doing at the Ultium plants from a cell perspective and the amount of error proofing and the fact that we're following the quality process and have the traceability that if there were an issue, we wouldn't have to do the whole population. All of that's been put in place. So I think all those lessons learnt. Then when you look at what we've got from an Ultium perspective already and what we're seeing, I think we're very confident that we're going to see strong or I would say, good warranty performance, strong warranty performance on these vehicles because, again, using General Motors manufacturing quality systems and processes across the board. So I don't think that because it's new, I think some of the things we're struggling with to start up with our suppliers is the modules, that's not going to necessarily drive a quality issue. Again, we have quality checks and processes and using the appropriate error proofing to know that when we have a cell, when we have a module when we have a pack, it's measured and checked for quality.
Mary Barra: I don't really have anything to comment right now. We certainly are generating the free cash flow that we can fund Cruise's expansion, and we'll look to see what's in the best interest of our shareholders. .
Mary Barra: We definitely see the Level 2 plus product as revenue-generating and profit-generating and very pleased with what we have with Super Cruise, and we're going to continue to enhance as we move forward. And we'll have more to share about this when we get to Investor Day in the fall.
Mary Barra: I think as we continue to grow in miles, but first of all, we're not arguing with the regulators. We're talking to the regulators and sharing the information, which we've been doing for several years now. And so they understand how we're measuring safe with what Kyle referred to with what we did with outside groups and continuing to share the information. I think it's very goal aligned with what the Department of Transportation and NYCTA is looking for us to improve road safety. So of course, we're going to continue that dialogue, share the information, and we're very optimistic of where we're headed. .
Mary Barra: Well, definitely, we have strong ICE products and performance there are already clear to winning as we go forward is having the right portfolio of EVs for Cadillac and Buick especially. And so we have a lot of those vehicles being launched right now, and we're continuing to work to make sure they're efficient in meeting the customer needs. But let's also remember, right now, we're in the high single-digit market -- market share place right now even with all the -- in fact that there's 100 new EV entries. So we've got to have the right EVs at the right price with the right technology. I was over there I guess, maybe two months ago now and did a full review of our product line and obviously spent time understanding where the competition is. I think we've got the right products coming. We've got to go out there and sell them now engage our team to get that done.
Mary Barra: Well, for a portion of it, obviously, as you announced the recall and then you look what it's going to take, we took some time working with the LG ES team to come up with a diagnostic that then over a period of time indicates that the vehicle can go from the reduction of 80% battery charge to the -- back to the full battery charge. That took a little longer. And so as we did that, we wanted to make sure we were taking care of the consumers, replacing the battery packs maybe faster than what we would have ended up needing to do. And just having attention to them because again, we have a very strong Bolt customer, and we wanted to make sure that they understood we're going to stand behind it. So I think we took the right actions. And as we looked at that, where we were as we were well into having that issue behind us, we looked at what was right from where the costs fell. So we just were doing the right thing. LG is a very strategic partner to us. And like I said, there's a lot of work that we're doing together and individually to continue to improve our cost position.
Mary Barra: Thank you so much, and I want to thank everybody for your questions. As I said at the opening of the call, the success we've had in the second quarter and the first half ties directly to the great new vehicles we've launched and strong execution of our business plan. Our outlook, both for the second half and over the next several years, will increasingly be shaped by our optimized ICE and EV portfolio, our investment that we're making, not only in the vehicles, but also the growth opportunities as well as cost discipline. And -- this will be the focus of our next Investor Day that's going to be held in mid-November. The agenda will include a detailed look at our software strategy, led by Mike Abbott, who joined us from Apple in May. You're also going to have the opportunity to drive our new STBs and experience the expanding capabilities, as I mentioned, of Super Cruise. And one of the most important vehicles you're going to get to drive is the new Chevrolet Silverado EV work truck that we talked about it. I think most powerful examples of the benefits of the investment we made starting in 2018 on the Ultium platform. It offers up to 40% more driving range, faster charging and far greater towing capability than competitors because, again, it was purpose built to be an EV. And that's something that we've made the investments. We were going through the growing pains right now. Others they're going to need to do that as they get to their dedicated platform. So I'm very excited about what we're doing to be able to demonstrate in November and just know that we're going to continue to execute with discipline across all aspects of the business as we are in Q3 and into Q4. So appreciate everyone and look forward to seeing you then and probably talk to most of you before then. So thanks for your participation. And I hope everybody has a great day.
Paul Jacobson: No, I think you covered it. I think, Rod, one of the things that we've asked -- we've been asked on this call frequently is about pricing strategy. And when you look at the demand we have for our vehicles and as we're ramping up production, we still have pent-up demand. People are hanging in there with orders. And I think with some of the challenges identified as we ramp production, we see a lot of consistent strong demand for the products that we're producing. And I think that comes from a purpose-built EV that we did from the ground up, which I think is going to continue to impress people as we get more vehicles out on the road.
Paul Jacobson: Mark, it's Paul. Thanks for the question. We're still kind of operating somewhat cautiously as we said from the beginning of the year. We're not assuming major increases in pricing or in average transaction prices going forward. So we expect that to continue, and it really starts with the demand that we see for our vehicles. We've tried to keep inventory pretty consistent. We've grown it a little bit to get it to the lower end of that 50- to 60-day range that we're working on. But overall, maintaining discipline on the incentive side as well. So we've really been focused on driving share with margin performance. I think the team has done a good job. As to whether that will continue, we're kind of taking it day by day, month by month. And we're very pleased with the results. But as long as we see demand continuing to be as strong as it is for our vehicles, we think we're going to continue to perform.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So certainly, that has been part of what's been working for us for the first six months. And despite that higher capacity utilization, you're seeing inventory remaining pretty much flat with a lot of the inventory growth or inventory still strapped in that in-transit bucket. As vehicles are making their way to the dealers, we see them still turning very, very quickly, and that's allowed us to continue to lean into the pricing and make sure that we've got consistent incentive performance. And I think you've seen some outperformance from GM over the last several months in that space compared to the industry as a whole. So I think we've shown a willingness to balance supply with demand as we did in the first quarter, where we cut some of the capacity utilization intentionally to make sure that we kept margins flat or kept -- sorry, inventory flat and margins strong. So we're going to continue to watch that. But as we've seen, it's provided tremendous benefits for us so far, and we're going to continue to manage it that way.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, it would be mostly variable costs. But when you think about where the company is being utilized, it's at the higher end now, with the demand that we've seen for the higher trim levels on the full-size trucks, SUVs, et cetera. So we might not be able to do it in a linear way. where you've got some mix if you're increasing production on some of the lower-priced smaller vehicles across the board. So we watch that and try to maintain as much balance as we can.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. I think you captured it well, John. Obviously, we've got a lot of pent-up demand from the last few years where fleet took the brunt of some of the capacity challenges due to COVID and due to the semiconductor challenges. In fact, if you look at the first half of the year, year-to-date, it was the best fleet performance since 2007, largely fueled by the commercial side of the business. And as we've said before, the fleet business is very different than it was in the past, where it was very, very thin margins in an effort to drive volume. Our fleet business is performing very, very well with margins similar to the retail side. So the business continues to perform, the team is doing a great job, and we expect that to continue for the short and medium term.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Like we said, the business continues to perform going back to what we said in the first quarter as long as the consumer held up and strong, we expected that we'd be able to surpass the guidance we put out and that certainly what you've seen through the second quarter and what we can see July month-to-date has held up very well as well.
John Murphy: I just wanted to ask a question like we often do on cap viewed. I mean 102.7 in North America. A skeptic might say, hey, listen, you're running all out and as you bring on more volume, you're going to need to add fixed costs and variable costs. And with the risk of pricing coming down, you can see real compression in margin. But an optimist might say, listen, that's staff capacity, pricing will hold up and you'll just bring on variable costs as volumes recover. I'm just curious where in the spectrum, I think you actually are in sort of that range because it does seem like there's some real opportunity if pricing holds up and you just bring on these variable costs, but there might be some real significant upside to margins over time. .
John Murphy: But if you were to flex up on volume, would it be mostly a variable cost that would come in? Or would there need to be some fixed costs that would come along with that step-up of buying with.
John Murphy: Okay. Just a follow-up on fleet. Fleet has been a real good guy for you and the industry. When you think about the durability and resilience of that in the face of even potentially some risk to the economy here, how durable is that. And is there just massive pent-up demand on the fleet that might carry the day even if rates were a little bit higher and we see a little bit of a soft patch in the economy? .
John Murphy: Okay. So the raise is significant today. It's actually more than $1 billion on operating basis if you were to back that out. Is that fair.
