Charles K. Stevens: Sure. And at a minimum what we want to do is complete the committed share buyback program that we announced in the first quarter last year, which was $5 billion through the end of 2016 and per our capital allocation framework, as we generate free cash flow, we are going to buy back shares as expeditiously as possible, but as I said john, at a minimum we want to complete that first $5 billion on our path to the $9 billion upsize that was approved by the board earlier this year.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, John, that is essentially related to daily rental fleet and that is related to fewer units being placed into service. When you look at the impact of daily rental and cash flow, you need to look at both the equipment on operating leases and accrued and other liabilities and inventory. So, it kind of shows up in three different places. We can provide you with a little bit more specificity around that, but that has nothing to do with lease residuals on vehicles that are being leased through GMF, obviously that flows through GMF results.
Charles K. Stevens: But with that said, we are seeing – continue to see positive results on lease terminations from a GMF perspective.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. We're very much on track with that Itay, based on the reception so far and our expectations and the launch pricing and the delivery of cost as we launch these products. So, we're very much on track. And by the way, continue to be on track along the same dynamic in Europe, with the improved profitability on the Corsa and the Astra that we talked about before.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, obviously the K2 has been in carryover pricing since the end of 2013, early 2014 as we move through that launch cycle. So, when I look at carryover pricing, I think there is two dynamics. Headwind was really the rundown of model changes. We are getting ready to launch the new Cruze and the new Malibu. From a carryover pricing perspective a positive is, we continue to see price opportunities on full-size trucks and full-size SUVs that we're taking advantage of. So, as we look at the year, it feels to me that carryover pricing will be perhaps a bit less of a headwind than we've seen in the last couple of years.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, when we looked at how the year was developing or our expectations for the year in 2016 versus 2015, what we said is we could see a scenario where we would see slight improvement in aggregate on a year-over-year basis depending on how the macro situation developed. I would say our first quarter results are certainly encouraging from that perspective, I mean we improved $150 million on a year-over-year basis in a much worse macro environment. And I have to hedge my input or guidance for the rest of the year because it's really difficult to forecast what's going to happen in Brazil. Down 29% in the first quarter, but the team continues to take action. We've got a strong product lineup, we're getting traction on cost and it's a good start to the year, but let's see how the rest of it plays out.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes certainly, used car pricing has been at all-time highs over the most recent couple of years and from a planning perspective, we expect moderation in used car pricing. That's built into both the auto company as well as GMF's expectations, and we're seeing that play out kind of as we expected. So, no material exposures, no material risk and as I said, as we anticipated a moderation in used car pricing is built into our baseline plan.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, what's going to help the pricing for the rest of the year, Rod, is obviously new majors, the Malibu, Cruze, XT5, amongst others and that's very consistent with what we guided before that we expected to see a increase in new major pricing over the rest of the year. And the full-year impact of the pricing actions we've taken over the last number of months on full-size SUVs and trucks and kind of cycling through some of the support that we've had to provide on passenger cars as we launch these new cars is going to have a benefit from a carryover pricing standpoint.
Charles K. Stevens: No. And again, when you look at the puts and takes, first quarter this year versus first quarter of last year, clearly we had that fleet loss headwind last year in the first quarter. This year we had the SAP program, which we've talked about very clearly, which was in the range of $240 million, you already brought up the pension. But in addition in the first quarter, we had launch-related costs from both a marketing and a manufacturing perspective in the range of $200 million. We've very clearly talked about an increase in engineering expense in 2016 versus the prior year to support our very aggressive product launch cadence. And that obviously has had an impact in Q1, but as we've talked about in the past, broadly speaking, starting in a company level, Rod, we said that incremental material, logistics performance, savings and manufacturing in GBS would more than offset increased fixed costs associated with D&A, marketing and engineering, as we went through that product launch cadence and that's playing out as we expected from a total company level. In North America, we cycle through and we are talking to you early next February, I would expect that to be relatively flattish, when I think about material cost performance, logistics performance and the net fixed cost increase year-over-year. So, nothing fundamentally has changed. And my last comment would be, take this in the context of, we will and we're still very much on track to generate 10% plus EBIT margins in North America in 2016. And obviously, there will be puts and takes on all the drivers, but I think that's the fundamental message.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, as we sit today, very strong first quarter, significant improvement versus last year, I would say ahead of plan through the first quarter, we're still committed to drive that business to breakeven this year. But versus where we were at three or four months ago, I'd say the biggest kind of cloud or headwind out there is the currency environment and what's driving that is the weaker pound sterling, which obviously isn't being helped by the Brexit situation. And I'd say that's the biggest risk that we have amongst many, but that's the biggest risk that we have right now that we're working to manage through.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, we'll certainly, as we go through the launch cadence, not only on passenger cars and new entries in the Cadillac portfolio and refreshing the oldest crossover lineup, we would expect to see that profit dynamic shift and obviously improve those profit pools in passenger cars and crossovers, vis-à-vis trucks. The other thing that's just mathematically impacting that shift from the 2014 K to the 2015 K is we're selling more vehicles in Mexico and obviously there are more passenger cars there and they're lower priced, lower profit, obviously lower cost, and that's having an impact as well. Relative to trucks, the way you protect your profit pool in trucks and SUVs, great products, great brands, continue to take advantage of that, align supply and demand and continue to drive cost efficiency. And our trucks, well into their lifecycle, continue to perform very well. We had just under 38% retail share in the first quarter. We continue to lead in the industry, we just launched a refreshed truck, which will carry us to the next generation truck, and we feel very confident that we'll be able to protect those pools, because we've got great products.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, as I mentioned earlier, Brian, overall, lease portfolio continues to perform well for GMF, obviously trucks and SUVs are performing very well; cars are performing not as well as they had been, but at a portfolio level, we are okay. We talked about very specifically our strategy to reduce our daily rental fleet sales, and that's really focused on repurchase because at the end of the day, what we're trying to do is, reduce our exposure to the used car market, continue to focus on retail deliveries, which drives better residuals ultimately and better owner loyalty, so that's part of the strategy as well.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Again going back to the comment I made earlier, I think look at working capital separately, which was a $400 million impact versus $600 million in the first quarter of 2015. When you look at accrued and other liabilities, that's the other line that is impacted by reduced customer deposits associated with daily rentals, so as we sell less daily rentals, we get less customer deposits. As we de-fleet, it has an impact on operating leases, so you got to kind of look at those two lines together and net-net, it was a $1.1 billion impact in the first quarter of this year versus $1.5 billion last year, which is a $400 million improvement broadly speaking.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, we borrowed $2 billion. We will have contributed $2 billion. We're done, I mean obviously that was as we talked about it, a risk management approach to push out some of the timing on the liabilities into a 20- and 30-year timeframe and push out mandatory contributions from maybe 2019 and 2020 to the early 2020s, 2022, 2023. We would expect as interest rates increase, when they increase that that will help close the remaining gap at least from a U.S. perspective going forward.
Charles K. Stevens: Well one, our subprime portfolio originations have been relatively constant over the last number of years, so we're not growing that, that's first. Two, AmeriCredit, now GMF, subject matter experts in subprime and managing the risk associated with subprime. Third, our delinquencies and credit losses associated with subprime have been very stable over the last number of years. We see no incremental risk associated with that. And then finally, we're running today originations as we execute our captive strategy, 80% of originations are prime, near prime. So, again very stable levels of subprime activity at GMF.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, nothing has changed vis-à-vis the China fundamentals versus what we've been talking about for the last year or so. Fundamentally price continues to be a challenge. Last year it was in the range of 4% to 5% negative price headwinds. On carryover, we expect that same level this year. That's what we've seen play out so far in the first quarter. And we're offsetting that impact through improved, significantly improved mix and you saw some of those results. The Envision as an SUV, sales up significantly; the Baojun, 560, we're launching critical new products like the Cadillac CT6 and Cadillac XT5. So mix has been a mitigant to the price headwinds, as well as carryover material performance and kind of when I look at those two together, they kind of offset the price headwinds and where you see the benefit, at least on an aggregate equity income or profit perspective is volume. And we would expect to see that play out. Obviously, we continue to focus very much on cost efficiency, both material logistics and fixed cost, but broadly speaking favorable volume, favorable mix as we improve our Cadillac portfolio and launch more crossovers and MPVs. Favorable material performance offsetting or more than offsetting price headwinds as well as fixed cost increases, we bring up new plants. That's the broad strokes, Ryan.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, we expect for us – specifically, we had pretty strong lease penetration in the first quarter, driven by again some of the model wind-down efforts around Malibu, Cruze and the SRX. We would expect to see that moderate, we'll be somewhat below industry average because trucks don't lease at the same levels and obviously we're overweight in trucks. So, we would expect to see that kind of continue. We're taking a number of actions to make sure we optimize residuals, we talked about the Express Drive, rental hubs, anything that you can do – the factory pre-owned collection, anything you can do to take that supply out of the auction and generally will help residuals over time and clearly that's a focus that we have going forward.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yeah, from a brand perspective, I think when you look at the Chevrolet Volt, to start with a few years back, it's done a lot – I think, to help increase awareness and consideration and positive views on the Chevrolet brand, so we've been building on that, Chevrolet is a global brand, and it's a full range, when you look at the electrification not only just all-electric with the Bolt, but extended range electric vehicle with the Volt, and even vehicles like the Malibu Hybrid. So, I think we look at it and see it as a – an opportunity – to a certain extent, Volt and now Bolt EV are starting to have a level of their own, and we think it really complements the Chevrolet brand globally.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I'd say, it hard to size them when you look at how many different people are sizing up, is autonomous going to cause the industry to grow, is it going to shrink it, I think there is too many unknowns, but what I would say is, we see a significant opportunity and that's why we're moving so aggressively on all fronts, when you look at the technology that we're putting into cars, as it relates to connectivity. When you look at what we're doing from a propulsion perspective, not only dramatically improving our technology from an internal combustion engine perspective, but the investments and the leadership position that we have with the Chevrolet Bolt EV to be the first automaker that has the type of range of 200 miles plus at an affordable price of $30,000 after incentives. Then when you look at autonomous and we believe that we'll see autonomous in the marketplace first in a ride-sharing activity for a whole host of reasons of being able to control and grow and learn, we think that's a huge opportunity across the globe to your point. So, I can't specifically size it, but I think it's extremely significant, that's why we're pushing it so aggressively and it builds on top of a strong core business. So, again, I think that'll unfold over time, but we see it as significant.
Mary Teresa Barra: Sure. Pat, first off, as everyone knows the transaction hasn't closed and we will provide additional details on the acquisition when the deal closes. We still expect that that will happen in Q2. So when you look at that though, there is a lot of technical capability within General Motors. And when you look at the specific technologies that are necessary, which there are many and there's still, I will say, critical development on the mainline, the expertise and the work that's already been done by Cruise, we saw as something that would really accelerate our ability to lead from an autonomous perspective. And I think from a shareholder perspective, we are always looking at ways that we can lead and get there more quickly and make the decision of do we partner, do we buy or do we develop internally. And as we looked at the capability, we clearly thought, and our vision of the future again of where Cruise was headed, we were very much aligned similar to the way we were with Lyft and we saw this as a huge opportunity to really accelerate our performance in autonomous.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I think as an OEM and looking at the whole autonomous experience, we want to make sure we control the key areas where we can differentiate the experience for the customer and the entire customer experience. So, but within that there are strong partnerships. We continue to work with Mobileye along with other partnerships. But I think what you need, where we are going to place the emphasis on is controlling the key aspects of the whole value chain.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, first, talking about the connectivity. I mean, I really think when you look at putting the customer at the center of what they want, they want that in today's business. So, it's vital to have integrated into the vehicle from a tech perspective to meet and exceed the wants and desires of customers today. From an autonomous perspective, I appreciate your comments, I think we are looking at it very seriously and with the extensive technology capability we have inside the company along with scale and understanding how to do and execute vehicles with this type of technology safely, I think it is something that really it is an opportunity for us and that's why we're moving so quickly on it. But I think right now, when you look at it, it's looking at how the business is going to evolve and we'll look at that over time, but the technologies I see are – many are very core to selling vehicles today. And even on autonomous, that's a journey, there is an evolutionary path and a revolutionary path and we're working on both.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I touched on this before. But when you look at it, first of all, we have two global brands, Chevrolet and Cadillac, and there is also pure EV like we have with the Bolt EV that will be coming out later this year, we have extended range electric vehicles with the Chevrolet Volt. But then we also have a lot of electrification, the Malibu Hybrid and we'll be launching over 10 new electrified vehicles in China. So to us really the electrification is something that we integrated in the portfolio that allows us to build not only our capability and spread it broadly and reach more customers, but also to build those brands so they're viewed appropriately as technology leaders. And I think we continue to do that, so we see it as core and integrated.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yeah, we've talked about with the Bolt EV and with the strategic work that we do with LG and with some other key suppliers, so we think we're on a path with the Bolt as we launch and get to scale of being in an industry-leading position of $150 and then continuing to improve that down. So, we work very closely on that. We think it's key, and not that we talk about it specifically with numbers, but we've seen dramatic improvement from the first generation of the Volt to the second generation of the Volt that is carried into the Bolt EV and we'll continue to drive that down.
Mary Teresa Barra: I believe it's all-in, but I think when you say all-in, there everybody may have a slightly different definition of what they mean when they say all-in depending on how they have architected the vehicle. We can provide more detail on that, but again I think there's some variation in how people are defining that.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, thank you very much and thanks everybody for joining the call this morning. I have to say I'm extremely proud of the team from what they were able to accomplish this year, but we know we have more opportunity as we go through the year. We're going to continue with the discipline and detailed focus on strengthening the core business and the adjacencies, but also taking advantage of growth opportunities and our ability to lead as personal mobility is transformed and redefined. Thank you.
