Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, Joe, I would say from a CapEx standpoint, the early achievement of the CapEx commitments and 2019 does not impact our commitment to achieve $7 billion in 2020. So that commitment remains intact. From a timing perspective, even though we pull forward in 2019, we still think we can achieve that. To your question on free cash flow impact, obviously, there's the flow through from the profit impact into free cash flow. In addition to that, we've seen working capital and sales allowance and policy and warranty and so on timing items are driving the remaining amount there. So, the 5.5 comprises of the lost profit and the working capital unwind. CapEx remains intact, and that's the map to get to the 5.5.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I think it's really hard to call that now, Joe, partially because you also need to figure out what the trucking industry is going to be like i.e. the segment share within the industry. And to your point, we are running those all out. It's difficult to add over time and travel overtime. So, we will recover every unit that we possibly can. It's just difficult to predict now at this point, what that would look like.
Dhivya Suryadevara: From a North American standpoint, yes, it was a very strong quarter. The cadence of our heavy-duty lunch helped a lot from a mix 10 points since we're rolling out, crew cab for the most part. And that will normalize as we roll out the other variants as well. To your question on no warranty, we had a $700 million year-over-year unfavorable and that was primarily driven by the K2 warranty cost that Mary mentioned in her remarks as well as there was a onetime favorable item in 2018 of last year which does not repeat in 2019. So, from a year-over-year Delta perspective, that impacts as well. And in Q3, I'd say rather that we go through a normal tour process from a warranty perspective and there were some top ups relative to that as well, but that was on the smaller side of things, that you capture that. From a GM Financial perspective, the biggest item I'd point to is the fact that residual values have been coming in stronger than what we had previously accounted for. So as you go forward there you may want to think about some kind of normalization there. The offset to that would be continued growth in the size of the book as we move closer towards forecast. Those are the normalizing items from GM Financial perspective.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I’d say nothing specifically on the incentive side, we’ll obviously – it will be vehicle-by-vehicle driven by market dynamics and nothing specifically to point out there from a true or whatever perspective. From a Q4 production, we are now back up and running and all of our plans are running all out. Like we said, we’re going to take the opportunity to get any excellent that we can and that’s all we can comment on at this time. And since we’re still in ramp up and we’re trying to maximize the number of units, we’ll have more to share about that when we report Q4.
Dhivya Suryadevara: From a majors perspective, I'd say it's mainly driven by our heavy-duty and the variance of the light duty, that we’ve recently launched. So those were strong, and that's really the truck franchise that’s driving that. On the carryover side, the outgoing model from a car perspective, we reduced our incentives on that quite a bit. From a crossover standpoint, we were disciplined as well. So overall, I would say positive, carryover a net price. That's going to be quarter-to-quarter John, it's going to vary based on seasonality and so on and so forth. But it's our intention, stay disciplined. And as you can see in the quarter, with the net majors mechanisms that I just talked about, we have grown share for both light duties as well as heavy duties. We plan on continuing on that path of being disciplined.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I think there's definitely months where you see some competitive activity and then it normalizes and so on, but we're launching, we're going with our cadence. And we're, the strength of the products that we put out are driving our market share gains this time.
Dhivya Suryadevara: We're going to try and build everything that we can get Itay from a mix perspective. We will continue down the path of rolling out the richer mix from an HD standpoint. LD as low, we will, try and maximize it will make sense that our most profitable and as we go forward. So we're going to be opportunistic as we go along. And the other aspect is, obviously, from a country mix standpoint, there's places where we, there's places that are more profitable and there are places that are less profitable, and we're going to direct the amount of inventory that we have towards the more profitable places as well. So, we will be opportunistic, it's hard to obviously sites that at this time, and we will provide more detail in Q4.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I think we still have another couple of months here to go to see what happens here. But in 2020, we do think that China will remain volatile. South America will remain volatile. And here the United States with the economic growth are moderating here in the recent past and in the next year or so we're anticipating. We're still planning for a lower industry, so healthy industry but a lower industry in 2020. And we're going to have to, as we move forward here in the next few months before we get guidance, we'll put more specifically around that but any more than that it's too early to tell.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. Ryan, what we’ve previously talked about is the breakeven level of 10 million to 11 million units for the U.S. This contact will not change that and how wide that is, is basically the comment that Mary made about productivity and other efficiencies offsetting the economics of the contract will certainly blame to that. In addition to that from a flexibility standpoint what we’ve model in our downturn assumption is the ability to adjust the level of workforce based on what’s happening in the industry. And a certain levels of supplement unemployment benefits to go with that and that just not change based on this contract which is primarily the driver the maintaining the downturn assumption of where they are.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Sure, sure. And Ryan first of all, we haven’t really seeing and we monitored that we really haven’t seen any negative settlement. So we think that’s very positive. And we are in the middle of the launches for the year. We had 11 majors including the Buick, which is a battery electric vehicle, the Buick Encore, Buick Encore GX, the Chevrolet Onix, the Chevrolet Trailblazer, and Tracker and then the Cadillac XT6 and then some Baojun products as well. And then, there were several very important MCMs with across Buick [indiscernible] as well as the Chevrolet Monza and the Cadillac XT5. So I think as you look at all of those vehicles into a market with the uncertainty and the economic issues or the macro issues in China, and say they're all on track, you were correct to note that we did have our first of Chevrolet Onix, which is the global family. It's one of many launches in China and it is on track. However, we did mentioned in my remarks that it is doing exceptionally well in South America because it's at the heart of the market and the biggest segment. So, I think we need to see these vehicles get into the marketplace. And I think a lot we'll see as we get into next year as well, but the launches are on track. I do think, though, and some of them, as we did see a more significant drop off than we thought we would with the outgoing vehicle.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I would say that your assumption is correct in an industry level and a truck penetration level that similar to what we have today, where we already have scheduled, we can time and a lot of other overtime. On a regular basis, we have these plans working max overtime. So, the ability to add additional days is limited. We will obviously try and find any voluntary opportunities to do overtime beyond that, but it's not something I would call my baseline at this point.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. So, number of questions there, so let me address them one-by-one. The new guidance $4.50 to $4.80, you’re correct, we've subtracted the $2 and arrived at, so it’s the original guidance we gave in January less $2 on the upper end we clipped it by $0.20 as you’ve seen we’ve -- its’ been quite a volatile environment in China as well as the microeconomic of volatility we’re seeing in South America as well the FX environment that we saw earlier in the year, when we gave our guidance was very different from the FX picture that we have today, which is offsetting some of that as well. So I would say that the weakness is predominantly more on the international front, the volatility that we're seeing. And from a North America perspective as it seeing the performance quarter after quarter, it continues to be strong. From a just from the tax rate perspective, the revised rate is primarily because the strike impact is you got to apply the U.S. tax rate to that strike impact, which is about 25% effective tax rate, that we're applying there. So if you take our original tax guidance, subtract out the higher tax rate that's applicable on our strike impact, you get to your UN revised tax guidance. So it's consistent. It's just that you're applying a different tax rate than the weighted average tax rate on the strike impact.
Dhivya Suryadevara: So, on the 2020 side, the puts and takes that I gave predominantly, a lot of industry uncertainty around the globe, that's what I would characterize as a primary headwind. From a downtime standpoint, this is a complicated SUV full size SUV launch. There's a significant amount of change that's happening from the current generation to the next generation. So from a downtime perspective as well as more importantly, the line rate ramp up post the downtime, we're anticipating an additional headwind year-over-year, for full size SUVs. I don't want to quantify that now since we're still working on how we can optimize the number of units that we're going to be able to put out in 2020. So I will quantify that further in February. But it is safe to assume that there will be a year-over-year headwind from a full size SUV perspective. There will also be higher depreciation. That's something has been consistent with in the past several quarters as our depreciation caches up to our CapEx level and we've been seeing a secular increase every single year. And that's going to continue into 2020 as well. And obviously this is non-cash, if you will know. From a raw material and tariff perspective to your point, I said this before in prior quarters, there's puts and takes, it's hard to look at just one number and paint it all with the same brush. But steel and aluminum we have seen tailwinds offset by precious metals, tariff as well as fuel costs, which impacts our logistic spend. And so net-net, we are still at 500 million year-over-year headwind from a 2019 standpoint, we don't see that moderating, necessarily into 2020, since the headwinds that I mentioned are likely to continue into 2020. And it's obviously hard to predict the tariff environment that we're going to be in. So that's generally the headwind, tailwinds the remaining cost saving so far, we've achieved close to $2.4 billion of cost savings and the remaining cost savings are going to be realized over a period of time, according to our revised guidance. You're going to have a full year of heavy-duty trucks and the product launches that I talked about. Hopefully this gives you some color. And finally on the warranty question that you had, we do see that a specific to Q3 of this year, I don't see a tail event into 2020 on that.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I would say that your EBIT impact seems to be on the low end maybe you're talking about the net income impact so from an EBIT prospective set up for, you going to talk about growth number there. That, plus the working capital unwind, constitutes most of the 5.5. There's no other like one time item or whatever else that's out there but the profit impact that you talked about us that sounds a little understated but it's potentially because of tax rate.
Dhivya Suryadevara: So, reversal of working capital, we think that the low point is probably going to be sometime in November, as we cycle to the rest of the unwind, and payables and receivables will start back up 15 days after we start shipping, that cadence will continue. So we do anticipate that you think part of the recovery in the second half of November and into the December. And Q1, as you know, it tends to be a negative cash quarter because of our shutdown and the reversal after that. But what you would see from a cash balance standpoint is that recovery starting in the second quarter of next year, into the rest of 2020.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, we will be very clear about how much of our 2020 free cash flow guidance comes from the working capital rewind and we will also be clear about how much of the cash based earnings i.e., the operating cash flow if you will and what that is year-over-year. So from a communication standpoint we’re certainly be clear about that and beyond that you’re right we don’t want to take much more about magnitude of that until February.
Mary Barra: So when we made the transformation announcement last year, although we had a battery electric truck in our plan. As we continue to evolve that and looked at the full range of what we can do there to really maintain our truck leadership position and grow that into battery electric trucks. We look at Detroit-Hamtramck is a great opportunity and company now getting an appropriate labor agreement there. And so, we think this is a good investment in positions as well to lead in battery electric trucks as well as internal combustion trucks. And so that is that portfolio as we further planted, it became clear that we can be more efficient doing that work there.
Mary Barra: I think a couple of things here to think about it. First of all, one big component of the special attrition program was to give people choices. Although, we have job for everybody that was impacting by the un-allocation of three plans, we wanted to give them options and so there is a target there from that perspective. And the other thing is, you can -- we think that again people wait and look and see if there is going to special attrition program, but then we also do see the natural attrition over the course of the agreement. So, I would expect that to continue and that’s how we size what we thought the SAP should be.
Mary Barra: Well, I think it's a -- there is many different components of the labor force. There is a Cruise labor force. There is our salary workforce and then there is our representative workforce. And I think your question is directed as the represented work force, we’re going to continue to work on productivity and we have opportunity there. We also have a lot of opportunity continue to improve our manufacturing processes. We’ve done a lot of work this year and complexity optimization, and we’re driving that in from a design for manufacture ability perspective into how we design vehicles. We’ve also been able to find more and more opportunities to reuse without impacting our customers view of vehicle is being all-new especially when you look at some of the architectural components. We also have a program we've been working on for many years call built-in quality level 4. And by the end of the year, virtually all of our plants will have achieved built-in quality 4. Our built-in quality level 4, which leads to first better health and safety and better quality as measured by two months and 12 months warranty performance. So, we see, I'll say traditional productivity improvements. We see efficiencies on how we designed vehicles and components from the DFMEA perspective. And then, we see the results coming from our built-in quality level 4. All those things are going to help us make sure we optimize the workforce and optimize our manufacturing costs. As we need to hire additional workers, we’ll utilize both temps and I'm very proud of the fact that we provided an appropriate path to permanent employment for our temporary workforce and then also maintain the in-progression flow. So, we'll utilize both of those depending on the plan and the situation at that plant.
Mary Barra: We haven't specifically said when those launches they will occur and will roll out all three versions next year. And of course, the team is working to do everything possible to make sure we have successful high quality launches with minimizing the impact of the acceleration curve. So those we still we'll get all those done this year and I'm not going to give any more specifics on timing.
Mary Barra: I would say we're not going to give you a specific mileage, but they are doing exactly what they indicated, they would do in the summer timeframe. Everything's going really well, as they need their milestones and as they continue to develop the economist technology. So very much on track and not only on the technology, but also the work that they're doing in San Francisco in the community to make sure that the consumer is ready understands the technology and trust the technology. So, both of those plans are perfectly on track.
Mary Barra: I mean I think you have to look at the entire vehicle. Clearly from an electrification perspective, it's simpler from a component perspective than it is from an internal combustion engine. But you know what the key things that we've done is light-weighting because light-weighting is so important across every component and from a body structures perspective, that light weighting generally requires a little bit more labor. So, overall, I think it's somewhat last but I think you've got to look at the whole vehicle, not just the propulsion system.
Mary Barra: Thank you, I can’t wait for the world to be able to drive the CA because its’ an outstanding vehicle and the value, the performance is I think just set the new bar and then the affordability I think is something we’re really proud of and is very true to the Chevrolet brand. So I will just share with you we look at a variety of things as we move forward, but we recognize the strength of the core brands right now we’re focusing and getting the CA out and then the other variants including the convertible. So, very excited about that product and what it will for us.
Mary Barra: Yes. Adam, I think it’s early to call it, I mean there is so much going on right now as you look at the volatility in China, look at where we’re still in the middle of where we’re trying to understand where the trades stocks are going to land and how that’s going to impact the overall economy. So, we are seeing a vital environment and we’re also seeing a lot of pricing pressures. And then as we look forward as we rollout more EVs, initially we’re going to see some margin headwind there. So, I think when you look at all those things in 2020, we’ll have more color for that as we do that February earnings call for Q4, but those are the things that we’re seeing right now that we think we’ll carry into 2020.
Mary Barra: Yes, yes, I think we -- given I said more broadly is that we really believe the inclinatory elements of the contracts or the economics that we can offset with productivity and there is plans well established. We don't know yet exactly how the special attrition program is going to play out. People have till the end of the year and find out for that. So I think what you here from us though as a team that is committed to finding the right offsets to go forward and maintain and improve our competiveness.
Mary Barra: Well, I mean, I think if you look at that, there's some parts of the contract, they're easy to do the math on. And but I think there's others that, we will look to see how it plays out. And some of that depends on the workforce, depend on how many people take the special attrition program, depends on the industry as we go forward, so I'm not going to put projections that far out.
Mary Barra: I think first we're going to work to offset and then we're going to keep going, we won't stop when we get there. So I think over time, there's upside, especially, and the broader elements we've talked about how we continue to improve, how we design vehicles that affect the demand, your manufacturing costs and our ability to continue to build quality institution and improve our quality system. So all those things are going to contribute and although we revived it based on the decision we made, largely related to Detroit-Hamtramck. We're going to continue to push the organization to continue to find cost opportunities. And I would say that's the goal we set for the end of 2020. It's not like after that we stop. At that point, we'll evaluate the business and look for the next round of cost savings that we can drive into the business and commit to from an improving shareholder value perspective.
Mary Barra: Well, I think, when we look at our comparison that Harbour or I guess, if Oliver Wyman does from productivity. We still have opportunities to improve. And it's not just, minutes per hour of and the way we design a job, it's much broader than that. And I think we have a lot of opportunities to tap into as we really optimize our complexity and we leverage reuse. And so, those are things that I'm very pleased that the organization has taken to a new level this year, and that will play out over multiple years because a lot of it is if you design the vehicle for design for manufacturer ability, doing that now will play out in years, when we actually launched the vehicle be it two, three, four years from now. And don't underestimate the work that we've been doing on built-in quality level four, because for the plants that are already there, we definitely see just the fact that more vehicles are built in station means they spend, no time and repair. And that's that savings as well. So I believe, although I'm very proud of the manufacturing team of what they've already accomplished, and working across with the engineering organization, I think there's still much more to tap into and that's what we do.
Mary Barra: Well, I think in this Europe agreement we are dealing with the future, if we look at from an EB perspective we already build the Chevrolet Bolt EV in our Orion plant in Michigan, very significant discussions that we had as it relates to the battery electric truck with our UAW as it relates to what we’re going to do to tracking and trading. So, I think what we’re trying to do is, and first of all, there is no limitation. So I want to make that very, very clear, but we are committed to the United States and committed to manufacturing in the United States. We see a huge opportunity adding electrification and that's why we’re investing and I think in among the leaders in the EV space. I think we are technology roadmaps that we have for sale development, we’re going to well position that and with the equipments we’ve made for the better are next generation or architecture which we call the BEV3. So, this was all part of the discussions and I think as signifies but what we’re doing in Orion and what we’ll be doing into Detroit-Hamtramck.
Mary Barra: Yes. I think that’s over a very long horizon. We still see, you know, even when you look at the multitude of projections by 2030, is it 15%, is it 30% all in, that means the bells of the vehicles being sold in the country into rail combustion engine vehicles. We’re well position because we’ve renewed all those architectures and we’ve invested in very efficient instead of combustion engine technology that will continue to improve. So, I think this is going to play out over a number of years and there are components in the drive unit from an EV perspective that needs to be build somewhere. So, I think we’re looking to do the right thing from a company perspective to drive shareholder value to leading EVs and do the right things for our manufacturing footprint and for our employees.
Mary Barra: Thank you very much and thanks everybody for participating this morning. If you look for several years, the team at General Motors has been making tough decision to make our business more resilient and more agile. This discipline will help us overcome the impact of this strike we continue launching our heavy-duty trucks, the new Cadillac sedan. And as we move forward, the upcoming launches such as mid engine Corvette and the next generation of full-size SUVs. This leadership team has a proven track record of successfully navigating complex business issues, confronting headwinds and capitalizing on opportunity. And I believe we have the best employees in the industry across the board. They want to work and they come to work every day to do their best. And they want General Motors to succeed and they want to be a part of that successful future. So as we move forward together, we’re going to continue to build on the strong foundation we’ve laid and share and allow them to share on the future success of the Company. But let me be clear, we’re also working hard to lead in both the core and EV and AV world and creates significant shareholder value. And before I close, I want to let you know that we will host our Capital Markets Day in New York on February 5th, 2020. This year in addition to providing our 2020 outlook, it will include our Q4 and our full year 2019 earnings results. And we’ll share additional details about the Capital Markets Day in the near future. So thanks everybody very much. I appreciate your time.
