Dhivya Suryadevara: So Joe, it is total company EBIT. So it includes auto as well as GMF. I don't want to put a specific North America number to it, but it's safe to assume that, with a 600,000-unit dealer inventory position by year-end, I think that gives you enough data points to model North America in specific.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I think you're directionally correct. If you think about the first half of the year, we burned $10 billion between Q1 and Q2. And based on the scenario that I provided, in the midpoint of the range of the $7 billion to $9 billion, you can see that we're recovering a bulk of the burn in H1 of the year. So as we build the cash balance back towards our target level, Joe, that's when we would expect to pay back the revolver. Obviously, as you know, there's a ton of uncertainty that's out there. So it's important to note that it's based on the backdrop and all the assumptions that I talked about.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. So from a $3.8 billion that you alluded to, John, I'd say those are permanent savings in that they were part of what we announced in November of 2018, and we've been making progress getting to the $4 billion to $4.5 billion range that we've talked about. So I would categorize those as more permanent savings. In addition to that, the austerity savings that we put in place in the second quarter given the pandemic and what's going on, that's where -- you got to look at it in two categories. First category, naturally, there will be a normalization of that with the production going back up. So for example, to the extent there are salary deferrals that we have announced recently that we're restoring those to the original levels, those were temporary. So we went back to the original levels there. So with the normalization, you will see a significant majority of that going back. But what we're also working on is, whether it's marketing spend or event expenses and travel, as you can imagine, as the low facilities and other areas, we're looking at every single one of them from a zero-based perspective to do more there. So as I said, it's difficult to put a dollar amount, but it's safe to say you've seen the performance in the quarter from a cost standpoint. If there's cost efficiencies to be had, we will get it.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. So we're assuming, Itay, in the outlook of a recovery of about $5 billion from a working capital and sales loans perspective. So we're not all the way back from a recovery of the cash burn that we experienced in first half as it relates to working capital. And that will happen as the industry continues to normalize. So as -- and a way to think about it is at 17 million units, if you're roughly neutral working capital and we saw the burn first half of the year, as it gets closer to 17 million, it's almost like a linear way of thinking about it getting back to the neutral levels. And as you know, it's also based on timing of production and the levels of production as well.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. It's difficult, Ryan, to put a dollar amount on this, but a portion of the cost in the bridge, I would say, is timing, call it, about $500 million or so, which will get retimed into a different time period, maybe H2 or into next year. And I think as you think about margins though, what you're seeing really in North America is quickly being able to flex our cost structure but also the product trend as well that we're seeing. As you think about future margins for North America, we're going to have the launch downtime behind us from both an SUV and heavy-duty perspective. Last 3 years, if you think about it, we've been taking downtime to change over the entire portfolio. So as you go forward here, you think about lack of downtime, whatever sticks from a cost perspective on efficiencies and continued execution of the transformational cost savings. So you see some tailwinds here, and this quarter certainly demonstrates that you're seeing what the earnings power of North America can be.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, sure. So you will still have in the second half of the year a couple of headwinds as it relates to -- wholesales will be down relative to what might have been a kind of adjusted second half of last year, a normal type environment. So depending on where the industry lands and our ability to fully recoup production, it depends on that. Secondly, GMF is projecting a 6% to 8% decline in used vehicle prices and a higher consumer loss number. And to the extent that, that comes in at the better end of the range, there could be some GMF opportunity there. So even though production is running all out, it is not quite back at the levels, that pre-COVID ability to run all out and especially in some of the international markets that Mary is talking about. We might still have some production levels that are lower than pre-COVID. So GMF, production levels, and I think it's safe to say that a normal second half would be, if you don't have downtime, production is back at the normal levels and the credit losses and huge vehicle prices normalize.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. That is a very good point. We are seeing strong recovery after the low point in April. And we are looking to be more on the conservative side. A few reasons. Clearly, the macro backdrop is a question mark at this point. And there's always seasonality in the second half of the year. There's increased off-lease supply coming from the lease extensions that we have seen in the first half of the year. Rental car companies are defleeting. There's also -- new vehicle inventories are starting to increase, as we just talked about. So when you put all that together, we just think it's appropriate to be conservative. And clearly, if you're going to see a continued strength in the used vehicle prices as we have seen in the last few months, that represents an upside over what I talked about.
Dhivya Suryadevara: So Rod, it's difficult to look at this on a regional basis. There's so much puts and takes across regions as well. But I think what you're trying to get to is what might a normalized underlying free cash flow potential of the company might be. And if assuming that's what you're trying to get to from the second half scenario that I provided, a simple way to think about it is we -- at the beginning of this year, when we were expecting a 17 million SAAR environment, we guided to $7 billion of free cash flow. And we also said last quarter that if you had a 13 million U.S. SAAR, that's the point at which we would break even from a free cash flow perspective globally. So that gives you sort of like the boundaries from a free cash flow standpoint. And depending on whatever demand environment you can come up with, you can interpolate between those points. The key takeaway I'm trying to communicate here is the underlying cash generation potential of the business remains intact with the pre-COVID levels. And that's how to think about it. And obviously, you're going to see on a quarter-to-quarter some volatility associated with their production or working capital assumption or sales allowances and so on. But if you take a giant step back and think about what's changed since pre-COVID, we would say the business is strong, the important product launches are behind us and they're performing really well. Austerity, if anything, to Mary's point, is going to add to some level of bottom line. And importantly, we've been talking about cash conversion for a couple of years now. And we're continuing to execute on those cash conversion measures and taking more dividends from GMF and so on. So we are -- I'd say that the business is intact, and that's how you should read into the numbers that I provided from a scenario standpoint.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I'd say, macro aside, the key tailwind will be the product downtime that I mentioned earlier. You saw that in each of the last few years, and we're not going to have that. We're going to have a full year of COVID sales. Adjacencies have been growing, as you've seen, both from an OnStar as well as an aftersales perspective. That's going to continue into 2021. And the GMI restructuring is on track with the actions we've already announced.  South America, as I mentioned, we've been inching towards both the breakeven with both the revenue side as well as the cost side. Again, I won't put a time line on it, but it's all hands on deck from a South America perspective. So from a controllable standpoint, I would say we are on the right side of all of those initiatives in all the regions. And as we look into 2021, from a cash flow standpoint, I think all of those will serve us as our stronghold for next year.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I'd say, Brian, the number that you came up with is probably on the higher side. I'd say it's lower than that. And part of it is actions we've taken with the transformational cost savings. If you think about it from the 2012, 2013 time frame that you're alluding to, we have been consistently taking fixed cost out of the system so the -- I think you can reduce your number by -- at least the transformational cost savings is not higher to get to a lower number. And the second question, a lot of the austerity actions were on the fixed cost side. So I'll give you a few examples. Marketing spend typically goes into this bucket of fixed cost that you're talking about, that was lower. A lot of the salary deferrals as well as pay-related items typically fall into fixed costs as well. That was lower travel and sundry expenses, typically fixed costs. So it's less about extracting more variable concessions out of the system and more about these kinds of austerity actions that I talked about. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Dhivya Suryadevara: That's the challenge, I'd say. The transformational cost savings assume that those are permanent, and we will continue to move towards the $4 billion to $4.5 billion. So that's a -- if anything, it will be on the high end of that range. And from a regular austerity perspective, whether it's salaried or the hourly pay and so on, clearly, as we're restoring activity, that's going to come back. And the rest of the fixed cost, to see what we can do to make it stick, obviously, when we give 2021 guidance and more color at that time, we'll be able to talk more about the cost environment. But really, from a number standpoint, it's just too soon.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. It's actually been very much on track. We've seen a slight pickup in -- earlier in the quarter towards the April time frame. And actually, in the second half of the quarter, the numbers were starting to trend back down again. So we've been watching all of these numbers closely. We've looked at late fees and all the payment deferrals. And we've seen that, across the board, all these metrics are decreasing from the peak we saw in April and were returning closer to the normal levels by July. And obviously, we're being conservative about it.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. So 600,000, to your point, is based on a second half environment of closer to 14 million light vehicle SAAR that I alluded to. So we will calibrate this based on the demand level that we see. And to the extent that the industry is trending stronger, we will look to get back to the levels that are in the range, I would say, of what you just alluded to. Clearly, from a truck standpoint, we will be limited by production capabilities as well since we're already running all out. And we are taking all the measures we can to increase or add to production levels on trucks as much as possible. And I think if we calibrate it to an appropriate industry level, you will see that 600,000 number start to go back up again.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. So if you just take this quarter's results and look at wholesale inside SAAR, if you will, wholesales were down 62%. That would imply a SAAR of about 7 million units. And the reason it is so much better than the 10 million to 11 million units is we were able to take a very significant, almost extreme, austerity actions given that our production basically ground to a standstill. And you can ask yourself the question, if it's more of a, call it, normal downturn and everything is continuing, but demand is lower, how much of those levers will you be able to pull. I think -- we think some of them would be difficult to pull when production is actually ongoing. So austerity will be dependent on the nature of the downturn. And secondly, you saw what pricing did this quarter. Inventories were low. And the -- both the carryover pricing as well as the new vehicle pricing held up very well in this environment. And you're going to have to tell me what assumptions you make during a normal downturn to see if pricing levels would hold up at that level or not. So look, we are going to continue to drive the breakeven level down. And we're not settling comfortably at 10 million to 11 million. We're going to push that down as much as possible. What we're not doing is using this particular unusual circumstance to revise a formal breakeven point to a different level. Having said that, we will work through to do that as much as we can.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I think there's a few mix components. Obviously, truck and full-size SUV production, it is going to drive favorability from a mix standpoint. And I wasn't sure whether you're talking about '19 numbers adjusted or unadjusted for the labor disruption or not. But in terms of volume, we're going to see full-size SUV ramp back up and that's generally favorable to mix. And the other aspect is trim mix. And we're seeing, as I mentioned, AT4, Denali and LTZ and High Country mix trending very high. And typically, when those are strong -- these are more profitable vehicles, and those tend to be a tailwind as well from a mix standpoint. So both vehicle mix as well as trim mix driven by full-size trucks as well as full-size SUVs more specifically should generally be favorable to mix as we go forward in the next few quarters.
Mary Barra: We think scale does matter, and we are very confident and excited about our Ultium battery platform and our cell technology. We are the only 1 of 2 that are building battery cells in this country from an auto perspective. And we also have a joint development agreement with LG Chem, along with the R&D work that we have. We've stated that as we -- early -- in the early days of launching off of our new Ultium platform, we will be at or below 100. And that's just the start of the cost-down plans that we have from a battery cell technology perspective. So we, as you mentioned, have an arrangement with Honda to provide and leverage not only Ultium cells, but our platform, and we evaluate each one of these opportunities on an individual basis. So we think it's going to be something that's additive and generate shareholder value but doesn't have a negative impact on the core business. We definitely will protect our truck franchise. And other key franchises, we will evaluate. So we remain open as we move forward because we think we have leading technology.
Mary Barra: Yes. John, I'd say on -- in the quarter, it was both carryover as well as our majors that contributed to positive pricing. On the major side, as you know, we're launching our Trailblazer and Encore GX, which have been received really well, and that's helping us from a net price perspective. On the carryover side, it's across the board, but particularly in full-size pickups that we're able to maintain the pricing levels there. And as we go forward, to your point, we will calibrate the right level of inventory to have based on what the SAAR environment is like. As you know, it's a needle that you've got to thread, watching what the competition is doing, our own inventory levels and the appropriate trade-off between market share as well as profitability. And that's something that we manage on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and we'll continue to do that in the second half of the year and beyond.
Mary Barra: So John, I think what we're really looking is at leveraging the full power of OnStar and the connectivity we have, the relationship we have with first responders throughout the country, and we think it's a very additive business. There's a lot more that we plan to do, building on OnStar that will be integrated with the vehicle. So we'll look at both paths but have nothing to talk about related to the separation.
Mary Barra: So Adam, appreciate your input. When I look at a name change -- and we're going to make any changes necessary to drive the shareholder value because I'm so -- strongly believe in the technology and our future product plans as it relates to electrification. So that's something that we evaluate and look at, when is the right time and what are the proof points that everybody looks at it and makes it real. And so we believe strongly in our EV future.
Mary Barra: And so when I look at all the attention on some of the companies that you mentioned, I think it's a validation of the importance of the electrification strategy. I think as we move forward, people will see all the strengths we bring as it relates to scale manufacturing capability, the technology that we're bringing, leading battery costs. So we've got to keep telling our story. We've got to deliver, and that's exactly what we intend to do. We have the Lyriq announcement next week, which is one of the highest clinic vehicles I've seen in my 40-year career from a customer perspective. We have more to share very shortly on the HUMMER and as I said, the reveal in fourth quarter. The battery plant is raising steel today. So we're just going to keep delivering and demonstrate that we have products people want to buy.
Mary Barra: No, not really, Itay. We're cautiously optimistic as we see month-over-month improvement in China, as we see continued improvement in the United States and North America, and we expect a bit slower recovery due to the severity of COVID in South America.
Mary Barra: I think that's an opportunity for us. And I don't have anything specifically to announce today, but very much an opportunity.
Mary Barra: I would say it's unchanged. I think the -- we obviously are focused on safety and providing the right equipment, but I think we've been able to do that very efficiently along with other COVID costs and I see more cost opportunity as we move forward.
Mary Barra: Emmanuel, we are evaluating and always evaluate many different scenarios, so I don't have anything further to say other than we are open to looking at and evaluate anything that we think is going to drive long-term shareholder value. So I would say nothing is off the table.
Mary Barra: I'm not sure I -- your question -- it was hard to hear you, but I think you asked, is there -- what are any potential impediments. And I don't look at things as impediments. I look at what is going to be the way to maximize the value creation. So I think there's many different costs that we are looking at that we could take. It all starts, though, with strong execution and building on the technical capability we have as well as our supply chains and our manufacturing capabilities. So I don't really see any specific impediment.
Mary Barra: Well, as I've mentioned, we start rolling out off of our Ultium platform and cell system next year with the HUMMER EV and then continue. And early in that life, we think we're going to get to 100 and below, and then we have a fairly rapid plan to continue to take cost out. So I think it will happen over the life of that program that we'll be able to see the costs and depending on the ICE powertrain, get to a parity point through that generation.
Mary Barra: I think we see an opportunity to continue to improve that business. Clearly, there continues to be ongoing pricing pressures, but we do have a strong cadence of new launches that -- I mentioned a few of them. We also addressed the issue and added the 4-cylinder engine options that I think inhibited some of our progress at the end of last year. So very important that we add the four cylinders. And then, obviously, the region stays very disciplined on cost. So as I look at the strength of Buick, we have seen progress in Cadillac. I agree with you that we can and we will do more. So I see an opportunity. For this year, we kind of said that assuming kind of the trajectory that we're on, we'll continue to maintain the roughly $200 million per quarter, but I see upside opportunity as we move forward. And as you go even further, when you look at the recovery of that market and the ability of the market to get to a 30 million type unit and our planned portfolio for NEVs, I think, in the medium term, there's even more opportunity for growth and profitability.
Mary Barra: I think we look at each brand and are continuing to build on our off-road offerings in GMC as well as Chevrolet. And then I think when you look to HUMMER, you'll see a true capability there as well. So we think it's very important. It's important to customers and we'll continue to expand our offerings.
Mary Barra: Well, I think if you step back and you look at what we've shared at our EV Day in March is we have -- with the new Ultium cell and platform technology, we have the BET, the -- our battery electric truck offerings; and then our BEV, which, I'll say, kind of mainstream and then our BEV plus that allow us to do expressive vehicles. There's huge sharing between those three platforms that are foundational for the portfolio that we have coming forward. We do have a full portfolio plan to cover high-volume segments. I think when you see -- to start with the Cadillac Lyriq and then the truck portfolio we have planned, you'll see that we plan on participating in a very significant way. And I think you'll see design and technology back it up to truly be tapping into what the customer wants, expects and the excitement that it will bring.
Mary Barra: No, I don't think that's correct. I think that we have some entries that are in the sweet spot of key segments that are large segments, and we intend to get our fair share plus more. So it won't be on the fringes. It will be mainstream.
Mary Barra: Again, thanks, everybody, for joining today. We recognize that we're at a critical point for General Motors, our company. We know from an industry perspective and frankly, the world, as you look at the virus. We are committed to leading through the current challenges and into the future to provide a very strong future. We are determined to run the business in a way that creates the value our shareholders deserve and with outstanding vehicles. For those who attended our EV Day, the comments we had on the design and technology coming was very, very strong. We need to continue to share that much more broadly, and we will. And we also are very focused on technology and having customer-centered innovations like Super Cruise, which is an important step as we bring self-driving vehicles to market. I hope you understand we are very focused on our work from an EV and an AV perspective and believe that will deliver not only growth, but profitable growth, and ultimately help us achieve our vision of creating a world with zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion. And I know many of you are eagerly awaiting to see more of our EV plan. So in addition to the launch that we have next week on the Lyriq, at 11:00 a.m. today, we are posting a video to our IR and media websites spotlighting the upcoming GMC HUMMER EV. It's not a complete reveal, but it's more information, and we believe it is truly the world's first super truck. So we hope you'll take some time to take a look. And thank you again for your time.
