Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, that’s correct, Rod. EBIT breakeven for North America at 10 million to 11 million. And if you look at cash flow breakeven for North America would just be slightly higher than that. And when you factor in the negative, the cash burn that you have from International as well as the Corp segment, you would need more SAAR to cover that and that’s how you get to 13 million unit.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. From a pricing perspective, things have remained strong, Rod, especially as it relates to the pickup market. A lot of the stats that I referenced, those — that segment is doing particularly well. Just to give you a data point there. As you know, the segment penetration of the overall industry was 13% to 14%. That’s how it was running before this. And in March, you saw it go up to 18% and then in April to 21%. So, the segment’s continuing very strong and with that the pricing remained strong as well. From a used vehicle perspective, we have assumed about a 7% to 10% decline in 2020 and obviously we’re going to have to see what sticks later on. But Dan Berce is on the call and Dan, I don’t know if you want to add anything to that.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I would say, as we – as production comes back online here in the next couple of weeks, that's when you would see, Joe, cash starting to come in, not just from contribution from the vehicle sales but also working capital rewind. So we're going to see that. And as we go forward, as things stabilize, we'll look to rebuild our cash balance as well as pay back the revolver. I would say that the long-term commitment to the strong investment-grade balance sheet and our cash and debt levels remains unchanged, and we will work our way back towards [changes] [ph] as the environment starts to stabilize here.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I would definitely echo that. And John, as we think about coming back online here, we obviously have a close eye on dealer inventory by vehicle line and all the geographies as well as not all of them are created equal and we have different levels of inventory in different regions. So as we come back online, we will prioritize, to Mary's point, trucks as well as the specific terms and the mixes of the most profitable vehicles as well as geographies that are running right from an inventory standpoint. And we have the visibility into that, and that's how we're going to flex it as we ramp up here.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. From a dealer inventory and sales perspective, I would say that you cannot paint the entire country with the same brush. In the geographies that are not the coasts, Brian, we’re continuing to see strength in trucks and therefore, lower levels of inventory. So as we start back up here on May 18, our priority will be those regions and those geographies that have performed really well. And just from a regional standpoint as well, I would say, across the country, we’re seeing a commonality as it relates to people buying things online, and I’ll give you a data point an industry that was down about 40%, Shop-Click-Drive was actually up 40%. So that’s something that you’re seeing across the board. So inventories, we are watching. Trucks, we’re watching. And certain geographies, we’re watching, and that’s going to be a focus as we ramp back up here.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Well, I would say you should look at ATP. GMC Sierra had record high ATPs at the levels of incentives that we had. And Brian, you’ve seen that our incentives ebb and flow based on what market tactics our competitors have as well. And just in April alone, which was just last month, our incentives were lower than that of competition. So ATP is higher, discipline continues and the April incentives are another proof point that this is something that you’ll see up and down, but we’re committed to being disciplined.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I would, Ryan, in addition to what I already said, the other data point I would give you is just coming out of the strike, as you pointed out, the dealers have done an exceptionally good job of selling from a low inventory base. They’re selling pretty deep, and they learned to – learned how to operate at a low inventory level. But I would say that as we open back up here, prioritizing trucks and getting them out remains our priority among other vehicle lines. That’s what we’re going to prioritize. And from a days supply perspective, yes, high. But from an absolute perspective, we have seen LD especially start to come down. So we will certainly be looking to replenish that and continue to encourage our dealers to sell deep.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I would say, Dan, that the transformation-related savings within that number was about $200 million year-over-year. So that’s the goal that we laid out for ourselves, $4 billion to $4.5 billion. $300 million additional were saved in Q1. The rest of the numbers you’ve cited, I would say, is timing, and I would not extrapolate that into the other quarters.
Dhivya Suryadevara: No. I wouldn’t say there was anything onetime in Q1. As you – as I said about the austerity measures that we’re taking now, you got to be careful extrapolating that because as the production level normalizes and demand normalizes, you would see some normalizing in the austerity aspect of it, but the transformation will remain on track.
Mary Barra: I would look at it. First of all, it would be – as we look at those refreshes, it would be a product-by-product or vehicle-by-vehicle decision. But most, I would say, is a delay or taking the time to be – look at what really is going to drive more customer value. So some are delayed, some we may re-scope a little bit more. But I do want to reiterate on our key programs, trucks, full-size SUVs, EVs, AVs, we are making no change. And the engineering team and design teams working on these are doing tremendous work.
Mary Barra: I wouldn’t necessarily multiply Q2 by four to get the overall level because our capital is – kind of varies by quarter. But we'll continue to look for everything as we reevaluate and understand what the customer really wants, and it's going to create value for ways to not only conserve operating cost, engineering cost but capital as well.
Mary Barra: So, I think the steps that we took in Thailand and Australia were very important. We see – there's good work going on in the restructuring we did, and Korea continues to be on track. Looking for recovery in the Middle East as we move forward. I think the real area of focus is South America, and we have taken significant steps over the last few years to turn around that business, taking the breakeven down by 40% and continue to see the impact of the foreign exchange. We have been actively working on what we can do from a South America perspective, specifically focusing in Brazil, and you'll see us take even additional actions there because it's just not acceptable, the performance that we have right now. So it's an area of key focus.
Mary Barra: Clearly, we’re pleased with the strength of the full-size trucks, and we expect as we roll out the full-sized SUVS, the product – the media reviews of the product are quite strong so we think it's going to be very well received in the marketplace. That is a franchise for us, and we plan on protecting it and growing it. So as we see opportunity, we're definitely going to seize it. And I would say, as you mentioned, we have found areas of savings that as you go through a situation like this, things that as you go to a situation like this, things that seem to be incredibly important when you really challenge them, you find opportunities to save. So we will do that, and we'll be focusing on our key product franchises. I don't know, Dhivya, if you would like to add anything.
Mary Barra: Well, first, I’m very pleased with the progress that they're making from a technology perspective at Cruise. Just reviewed that earlier this week. So I think that we are continuing to hit milestone after milestone there. So I'm very positive about what's happening at Cruise from that perspective. So, I see huge opportunity and so our commitment as you said, is unwavering. As it relates to bringing the technology into the – our fleet of vehicles on the road today, that's really occurring through Super Cruise, and we continue to add miles, add roads and add features. And you'll see us – as well as spread it across the portfolio, starting with Cadillac and then moving to others. So, definitely have an aggressive plan to further roll out and improve the capability of Super Cruise.
Mary Barra: We have been actively working with the entire supply chain. We have – as a regular part of our process, we have a very robust supplier financial risk management process. Obviously, we put that into overdrive as we go through this period. We've been maintaining regular communications with the suppliers and their financial health as well as all the work they're doing for us related to future programs, scheduling, et cetera. We're also studying the CARES Act and presenting key provisions to supply base to drive their participation. And then we are – have identified the high risk areas and are already working on mitigation efforts. So we are very pleased with the partnership that we have with the supply base overall. We'll continue to work with them and make sure we have a strong supply base as we move forward to start and then to continue to grow.
Mary Barra: So, Adam, I think it’s a great question and there’s really three elements if I look at it; one, as we start producing vehicles, again, we are watching demand. And I think anything that stimulates demand in these early days that's simple and goes directly to the customer that was purchasing the vehicles, I think that's going to be helpful to get people back into the market because we look a little more broadly, and this is something we've said all along. Programs kind of a Cash for Clunkers, but for older vehicles, we know that every new model year, there's improvements made from a fuel economy and emissions perspective. So getting some of the oldest vehicles off the road would definitely help from an environmental perspective. And then we do think in the few years out, continuing to stimulate EV demand – not permanently because we are on a path to profitability. But getting people into EV, so they understand the benefits of EVs, as we work to have a full portfolio as well as have a robust charging infrastructure, I think that’s going to be important as well. And we continue to have that dialogue with many members of government.
Mary Barra: Well, I think we remain committed to our capital allocation framework. And so when you first look at – the first pillar is to reinvest in the business to generate an appropriate return, greater 20% return on invested capital. We’re going to continue to look for those opportunities, and I’m quite excited about the opportunities we have in front of us from an EV and from an AV perspective. So we’ll continue to do that. Clearly – and this demonstrates that it’s vitally important to have that investment-grade balance sheet. And then we’ll look to do what’s right as it relates to our shareholders. Clearly, we need to make sure, though, I think that we stick to that first pillar and what we invest in is going to generate an appropriate return. So that’s our thought, and we remain committed to the allocation process we outlined.
Mary Barra: So we’ve been having regular dialogue with – from country – at the country level as well – of both Mexico and the United States as well as working with Governors in key states. And so that gives – we think those have been very constructive. I would also say we’re able to talk about our safety protocol that has been – is very well thought through. It’s three primary focuses of keeping people who are sick or potentially sick out of the plant; maintaining an environment; and then if someone is asymptomatic and is in the plant, a very targeted way to clean and do contact tracing to limit the exposure. And over the last several weeks, we’ve been able to demonstrate that’s been quite successful. And so we think with those protocols and communicating and sharing our plans, we’re in a good position as we talk to country leaders and state leaders. So the conversation has been constructive, and that’s what informs our current plan on 5/18. Obviously, we’ll continue to have dialogue with our unions as well as with the government leaders to do the right thing.
Mary Barra: Dan, I think you said it well. Our commitment is unwavering. We think it’s the right path forward. And we think with the Ultium battery platform that we have, the partnership we have with Honda, the strength that we have from China where EVs or new energy vehicles are a key part of being successful in that market positions us extremely well to have a leadership position in EVs with a full range of EV vehicles. So we are looking at every possible angle to continue to accelerate our EVs and our all-EV future.
Mary Barra: Well, again, we believe this transformation will happen over a period of time. We’re going to continue also, while we focus on EVs, also focus on our full-size SUVs and full-size pickup franchise that we have. And we continue to make all those products more fuel-efficient and emissions-efficient as well. So I wouldn’t say – I think it helps with supporting our franchises when you have a low gas price. From a regulatory perspective, that – we’re being driven by what we think is the right thing for the future and where the opportunity will be and to get there and be among the leaders.
Mary Barra: Mark, it’s kind of – it’s too soon to call. We’re – we think it’s very good that we’re seeing the recovery in China that is more like a V recovery, but we’re not counting on that. I think there are some factors, though. As you look at people’s desire to have their own vehicle for transportation, that certainly could play into it across the globe as an opportunity. So I think it’s too soon to tell, but we’re very positive about what we see happening in China. And we’re even seeing some uptick after the low in North America, specifically the United States, that didn’t get as low as it did in China.
Mary Barra: Well, we continue to see strength with the luxury brand Cadillac. It continues to grow, and we’re at a great point with Cadillac. Now that we have a full portfolio range, that we expect to see continued growth there. Clearly, Buick and Chevrolet are both opportunities for us. And we – with the strong product portfolio that we have with launches that we’ve made and will make through this year, we expect to see strength there. And then also with our SGMW partners with the Baojun and the Wuling brand. So when you look at it across the board, we think we’re well positioned across China with the right programs, and we’re looking to grow share in China this year and then move as we move forward.
Mary Barra: Thank you, operator, and thanks everybody again for joining. We understand the seriousness of the multiple business actions that we have taken, but we believe they are necessary to preserve our liquidity and a very uncertain environment. I want to assure you that the entire management team is working to protect the business so that the restart and recovery began. We will be uniquely positioned to capitalize on new opportunities. We have a track record of making swift, strategic and tough decisions to ensure our long-term viability and we will continue to do so. And I just have to end on saying the strength of this company has always been its people and I couldn’t be more proud of what everyone has done across the globe to not only support the business and do extraordinary things, but also to support their local communities. I think it just speaks to the character of the GM team. So, rest assured that we will stay focused, and we will do everything we can and everything we’ve learned to emerge as a stronger and better General Motors position to create shareholder value. Thank you very much everyone.
