Chuck Stevens: Yes. We track where we're -- how we're performing versus Ford very closely. We've been doing it over the past 2.5 years. We've got a good understanding of the gap. Obviously, it's widened thus far this year. I think that there's 3 specific work streams. One, and we've talked about it a couple of times, we're going to go from having the oldest portfolio in North America to the freshest portfolio in North America over the next couple of years. And a big portion of that portfolio refresh is going to roll through to the bottom line when you think about full-size pickups and the improvement in margin versus Ford, where we're currently at a pretty significant discount. Secondly, Ford is about 2 years ahead of us relative to getting scale on global architectures, and we've talked about increasing our volume on global architectures from somewhere around 40% to 80%, which would put us in the range of Ford and Volkswagen. And I think that's going to be, obviously, a big opportunity for us that's got a bit longer tail. The third, and I think both Dan and Dan talked about it, was transformation initiatives, specifically around SG&A, some of the IT in-sourcing activities and other fixed-cost initiatives that we're working on. And I think that will have a short- and mid-term benefit. So just to sum it up, we have a clear understanding of the gap. We know what we have to do to close it. There are short, mid- and longer-term parts of our road map to close that gap. And I think the first and most important tranche of that will be the product launch cadence over the next couple of years.
Chuck Stevens: I would say the days supply at the end of the year is still relatively consistent with where we had guided before. And last year at the end of the year, somewhere in the range of 65 to 70 days. So part of that is stronger industry as well.
Chuck Stevens: Okay. Rod, on the launch-related cost, in the short-term in Q4, I would say quarter-to-quarter, we're probably going to see a little bit from a manufacturing perspective. We are getting ready to start up the Arlington contiguous stamping plant, which will support the next-generation full-size utilities. We're also taking up a third shift in Arlington. So those are related to the next-generation products from a manufacturing perspective. On a year-over-year basis kind of looking forward, we had quite a significant increase this year in manufacturing projects. So I don't see a big headwind next year from a manufacturing standpoint. There could be some increase. But in the scheme of things, I don't think it's going to be substantial. The biggest spend we'll have next year is really from a marketing perspective. I mean, we've got 13 Chevrolet launches next year, Cadillac CTS, and all of those take some marketing support. So I would think that marketing spend would go up year-over-year. We're still working through the 2013 detailed plans, but that's my feel at this point.
Chuck Stevens: We've been pretty consistent in our discussion around our gap versus Ford. We've got the oldest truck. We've been tracking for the last couple of years, give or take, a discount of $500 to $1,000 a vehicle, a combination of MSRP and incentives. I would say that our expectations, at a minimum, would -- we'd be able to close that gap once we launch the next-generation truck. Obviously, at the end of the day, market dynamics will play a hand in that. Dodge has been extremely aggressive lately, especially in regular cab and extended cab. But the expectation is with the newest truck, with what we think this truck is going to be from a customer acceptance perspective, that we should be able to at least close the gap that we've had versus Ford.
Stephen J. Girsky: So let me get to the first one, John. We've got 3 buckets really. We use natural attrition, we use early retirements and then we use voluntary separations. Those are 3 tools that we've been using. So far, I would say the opportunities going forward are as good as they've been in the past. I'm not going to give you a specific number because frankly, we're solving for a cost number, not a headcount number. But the goal here is to manage our fixed cost down over time, and that's the target. The second one was the material cost. The material cost performance in Europe, frankly, has been among the best in the company. And we're going to continue to work this. We had a big project around Astra. It's been successful. We need to take that, frankly, across the European perspective. But to be honest with you, Mary is taking that across the whole company. So I would say there's more. But this is not "let's go beat up our suppliers and squeeze them for another dime" or something like that. This is, are there creative solutions where we can reduce the cost of our products or do things differently? And that's what we're working on. And a lot of that came out of Astra, and there's more there. So we think there's money in the near term, and then there's also money longer term, which Mary Barra has alluded to in the past.
Stephen J. Girsky: Our share of -- let's put it this way, this is the way -- the fleet is different, as you know better than me, in the different markets. So the bad fleet in U.K. is going way down, okay? In fact, retail share, I think, is up -- John Stapleton can correct me if he's on the call -- about 6 points in the U.K. In Germany, our share of the self-registered cars is going down also, as we are trying to withdraw from that business. So I look at it as, Adam, self-registered and daily -- what's our share of self-registered and daily rent business, sort of we call it short cycle business, and that share is going down for Opel/Vauxhall in Europe in the most recent months. Chevrolet is -- I don't have the numbers in front of me, but we could get you that.
Stephen J. Girsky: By the way, Adam, just -- I just got a note, Europe fleet, all fleet is about low 40s. Mokka will be in the low 20s.
Stephen J. Girsky: And I would just add, we're not banking on big share improvement in this plan. That's not -- but we're putting the tools in place to grow our business, okay? This credit company, the new product, the Mokka, the Adam, the Cascada. I saw a German review of the Cascada. They compared it to an A5, which gets $5,000 to $10,000 more in revenue than ours. So we're putting tools in place to grow our business, but that's not what we're banking on here.
Stephen J. Girsky: Most of that is outside of the window. Most of it -- because the programs are largely outside of the window, most of it is out of the window.
Stephen J. Girsky: Oh, yes. There'll be some mix shift from West to East. I don't have it in front of me, Brian. We can -- if it's important, we can figure it out. We'll get it to you.
Stephen J. Girsky: So we have 2 ways to handle this. One is we rely on the global scale of GM, and the other is we rely on PSA's scale to get intra-region scale. So that's -- there's 2 ways we're going to go about this. And basically that's what we -- that's basically our 2 options. We got a global GM that we can leverage and a regional PSA that we'll leverage.
Stephen J. Girsky: Yes. Well remember, the savings are outside the window, but ideally, there will be purchasing savings both on the technical and the commercial side.
Stephen J. Girsky: Well, we're doing -- so we're not going to comment on any of that stuff, naturally. You can't solve a problem by magically making something -- accounting go away. So we got to focus on our problems, and we're very transparent with the organization internally, what our issues are. We're keeping it in front of people. The product is speaking for itself. I mean, Brian, we haven't had a product as tight as the Mokka in Europe in a long time. I mean, that's a -- we're basically going to fill 60%, 65% of what people want of that car, okay? So that's going great. The reviews on the Adam are spectacular. We keep that stuff in front of people. We focus on cash flow. Getting positive cash flow in the quarter was a big win for these guys. Remember, we used to be way behind everybody else here. We used to be way behind in share, in revenue, in profits, we're way behind. And granted it's still bloody out there, but we're making some progress. And we just got to keep pointing out these small wins to these people, keep building on them because small wins lead to big wins. We know there the competition is bad, the pricing environment is difficult, and we're just going to work our way through it. We've got a plan. The plan relies a lot on GM and the help we get and the idea flow we get in GM, and we're just going to keep doing that. So we got to keep the noise away. I think we've been doing a pretty good job of keeping our noise down as far as it goes with the works council and stuff like that. And you could start to see that, frankly, in some of the surveys we do about brand consideration in Opel. So we're doing the best we can on it.
Stephen J. Girsky: The dealer-owned inventory will continue to go down as well. The number that Dan said, we hope to be under 100,000 company-owned. Just so you know, that's the stretch target. The dealer inventory...
Stephen J. Girsky: But listen. By the way, Rod, one of the changes we made here and call it crazy, but this company used to build cars without dealer orders, okay? We don't do that anymore, okay? I know it's something that used to happen but it doesn't happen anymore, and that's driving a lot of this working capital, say, inventory cash generation here. The other thing I'd point out is it's going to be hard for you guys to bookkeep this number since the inventory peaked in the middle of the first quarter. So it's not like it's going to be easy, you can -- ends on the quarter, so to speak.
Stephen J. Girsky: Is it changing? I don't know if it's -- I don't think it's changing. We're -- continue to work on the programs. I mean, there's small issues here and there, but nothing to speak of.
Stephen J. Girsky: That's a Chevy global deal, because Man U's got fans around the world, and frankly Opel can't afford that. Opel sponsored a football team in Germany called Dortmund. It's quite a good team because the team, frankly, was almost bankrupt 3 or 4 years ago, and they've hired a new coach who is very charismatic. He's a brand ambassador for Opel, and the team has turned themselves around from being near bankrupt to being one of the most successful teams in Germany. And we think it's a great story for Opel, and it's really that and the love it or give it back are really starting to resonate with people there.
Stephen J. Girsky: We are in the low 70s by our math right now. We need to -- there's a number of activities that we'll pursue to improve that. Some of it is reducing shifts as we've alluded to. Some of them are bigger. Some of them are -- we have the -- we've said in the past, is the opportunity to produce non-Opel product in these plants. We can explore that also. So we have plans in place over the next 4 years or so to take that up materially. I don't want to get into any more detail around that through both sides of the equation.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. Just to clarify, on the 44%, that is the percentage of GMF business that is GM, not the other way around. So GMF still does a reasonable amount of third-party subprime business, primarily used business. So just to clarify on that. But having said that, I mean, GM Financial, we're running at a clip of $200 million a quarter for the last several quarters, so call that $800 million a year. So we're off to a very good start from a fundamental profitability contribution perspective on the one hand, and also helping us sell more cars on the other. So we're very pleased with how this initiative has taken hold over the last couple of years that we've had ownership of this business. We are, as everybody is aware, pursuing the Ally international business. And we see a similar opportunity there to not only have that business be profitable and own a nice return in its own right, but also to, most importantly, help us sell more cars around the world and have some of the same success there that we've had with this business. So having said all that, we don't want to go back and recreate a $300 billion monster, which is what GMAC was at the peak back in 2006. So we see a happy medium where we have a strong capability from a financing perspective, but we're also letting other financing providers be very active in the market and bring liquidity and attractive pricing into the marketplace. So we're taking a balanced approach.
Daniel Ammann: I'd just say it's within that range of sort of flat to slightly better. So don't read too much precision into that. We're just trying to give some directional perspective, both at the European level within the range we've talked about instead of the company level.
Daniel Ammann: Well, obviously, if there were any legal or regulatory issues that were -- if they were to arise, we would deal with them. But as Steve commented on, we're very focused on cash around the whole company, as evidenced by the cash flow results of the quarter. But in particular in Europe, through the inventory reductions, which we talked about last quarter as needing to happen, that now happened and contributed to the European business, actually generating a little bit of cash in the quarter.
Daniel Ammann: Sure. I mean, the India op consolidation was a double-digit number, not a triple-digit number. The -- in terms of the overall performance, we've been focused really over the last year or so on a series of operational actions, market by market, country by country, both on the revenue and sales side, quality of sale, cost, SG&A. So you've seen the flat cost result this quarter despite their meaningful growth in the business. So this is -- a lot of this is fundamental operational discipline. Having said that, I wouldn't just roll this quarter's result forward and extrapolate this fully into the future. I'd say, to characterize the IO [ph] business sort of operating environment right now, we're seeing some of the strengthening that we have in the consolidated operations from a margin perspective is offsetting some of the pricing pressure that we're continuing to see in China. It's no secret the China market is growing more slowly than it had been. We're getting a bit more than our share of that, which is encouraging. But there is pricing pressure in that market, and we expect to see that continue to come through. So I think what we end up with here is a bit more balanced profit contribution in IO [ph] between the consolidated operations and China. And obviously, the more diversification, the more balance we have in our earnings, the better off we are.
Daniel Ammann: No. I'd say Russia, Thailand and Korea is actually -- Korea, in its context as both an end market and as a major manufacturing hub for us, is contributing nicely to the -- to some of the improvement here as well. So I'd say it's fairly broad based and reflective of some pretty heavy operational focus that we've had going into a lot of the markets around the IO [ph] region.
Daniel Ammann: Itay, it's Dan. I'd say that the -- we're not betting on a significant improvement in the economic outlook. I'd say what we're looking for in terms of that mid-decade objective is a level of stabilization and things stop declining and maybe tick up a little bit, but not a huge hockey stick at all. And then between the buckets of sort of revenue variable profit and fixed cost, variable profit margins, as Steve mentioned, we are getting some nice improvement from a material-cost perspective on some of the initiatives that we've had. We're getting improvement in terms of the model mix. We've got significant opportunities to improve further on that, country mix, so on. The new products that we're launching do have better variable profit margins than some of the existing products, which is encouraging. And then we've given you the fixed cost target that Steve laid out as being another element of it. So I'd say in total, it's not fundamentally different from what you've seen in the North America turnaround over the last few years, which is you end up with something that looks somewhat like sort of 1/3 to 1/2 on the cost side, 1/3 to 1/2 on the revenue and variable profit side and sort of balanced between those, and I think we'll see something similar here in terms of the path back to break even.
Daniel Ammann: It's just as we look at the sales performance and sales outlook relative to production. It was a change from 650,000 to 660,000 to 670,000 area. So it's not a big change. We just wanted to signal that ahead of time. So nothing -- there's nothing significant to read into that.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. We have an additional opportunity in the fourth quarter to take it down further from where we are. We made a pretty big move in Q3. So we're looking to get the company-owned inventory down to the area of 100,000 units by the end of the year, which is 75,000, 80,000 unit decline from where it was early this year. So that's been a big focus and a big effort, and will contribute nicely to working capital overall. And just while we're on that topic, I'd point out that we've had a pretty big focus on working capital across the company over the last period of time, and we're starting to see some of the results of that flow through from a cash point of view, and we see additional opportunity going forward on that as well.
Daniel Ammann: I'll take the China question, and then Chuck can address the launch cost question. I'd say in China, we haven't seen any sort of fundamental change at this point. I mean, I think we're getting a little bit of benefit, as are others. So we're not looking at that as a permanent trend at this point in time. I think it's a sort of temporal disruption, and we'll see how it develops. But we're -- it's a blip from our perspective at this point. We'll watch how it transpires.
Daniel Ammann: I'd say both of those have contributed, both the mix of Wuling versus Chevy, Buick and increasingly Cadillac. So that mix has moved a little unfavorable for us, as it has for the whole industry. And then on top of that, just some pricing pressure. So it's both of those.
Daniel Ammann: Well, as we announced, the take-up rate on the lump-sum side was 30%, which obviously says to us that a lot of retirees valued having that alternative put in front of them. So it was a good deal for them and provided them with flexibility and optionality for their retirement savings and plannings. We're very pleased with how these transactions have come together overall. We think it's a good deal to move $29 billion of pension liability off the balance sheet to effectively a price of 1 07 or 7% premium. So we think that's compelling, and it's an important part of our overall -- our pension strategy for the year. And we see continued opportunity to further mention -- manage our pension obligations as we move down the road. We're not going to do anything radical above and beyond the strategy that we've laid out and been executing to over the last couple of years, which is a steady and progressive de-risking and funding of our pension plans.
