Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, clearly in the first quarter, speaking about the pricing, that was largely related to truck pricing on carryover trucks and that was a number of pricing actions that we took last year. So, I wouldn't expect to see that kind of run rate through the rest of the year on carryover pricing, Rod. With that said though, we do expect, as we've talked about before, overall pricing to be favorable for the year as we launch our new crossovers and that's going to drive obviously in that tailwind through the balance of the year. Relative to impact of used-car pricing on affordability and everything else, obviously, that's one driver of affordability, continued availability of low-cost interest is another driver, continued low gas prices is another. Clearly, that's something on our radar and something that we're very focused on and that's why we're intensely focused on driving cost efficiency, because the market's just going to become more competitive as we go forward. Again with that said, we're very constructive and optimistic and confident around our 10% margin objective for the year. On the cost front, if you look at North America in the quarter, we had $700 million year-over-year improvement in cost, $200 million of that was absence of restructuring charges. You may recall we took the SAP, the attrition program last year in Q1 as part of the 2015 UAW negotiation. So, kind of recurring was the $0.5 billion of savings in the first quarter and that $300 million was really absence of launch cost, because we were relatively light. I would expect that to amp up as we go through the rest of the year. Both from a manufacturing and a marketing perspective, we've got a heavy launch cadence. With that said and looking at total cost, from a fixed cost perspective, material cost performance, warranty, our overall cost, we expect cost performance to be a favorable tailwind year over year, something north of $1 billion. And again, as we've talked about repeatedly, we are very, very focused on driving cost efficiencies and it's starting to show up in our results from a North American perspective.
Charles K. Stevens: If I could just add a couple of points to what Mary said, Rod, number one, we certainly, as Mary said, see opportunities to drive improvement in profitability in cars and it's like a key focus area for us here in North America. But the cars that we just recently launched are more profitable than the vehicles they replaced. And we continue to make progress from that perspective. Secondly, and I think speaking more broadly about passenger cars globally and not just North America, our execution of our global emerging market program which will fundamentally replace emerging market architectures, 11 or 12 separate architectures with one. Engineered and co-sourced in China with 2 million units of scale is going to drive huge benefit in passenger car profitability at a company level. And just to give you a data point, 90% of South America's volume will come off the GEM architecture once it's rolled out, which is a huge opportunity from that perspective. So, very, very focused, big opportunity for us. We continue to make progress in North America, more to do and I think the global emerging market program that we'll be starting to launch in 2019 is going to be another significant enabler to improve our quality of earnings.
Charles K. Stevens: I think we're very confident in the guidance that we provided of $6 to $6.50 for the year. And Mary just indicated in her remarks that, we expect revenue to be up and EBIT and EBIT-adjusted to be greater than or equal to 2016. So, we fundamentally haven't changed our view. And again, the comment that I made, we expected a strong Q1, we delivered a strong Q1 and that's consistent with the guidance that we provided earlier in the year.
Charles K. Stevens: A number of questions buried in there, Ryan, so I'll try to address them all. As we did show in Detroit, as mix continues to improve, and it's driven in both channels, both through SGMW and SGM, SGMW because they launched the Baojun brand with a number of crossovers, which obviously generate better price than the very small commercial vehicles. And on the SGM side with the growth of Cadillac and the launch of crossovers, we saw that increase in average revenue per unit, and we'll continue to see that on a go-forward basis. If you look at Q1 results, we had equity income that was fundamentally flat year over year, our net income margins down slightly from 9.7% to 9.3%. and what we're seeing play out is very significant improvements in mix that's fundamentally offsetting carryover price headwinds and improvement in carryover material cost that's fundamentally offsetting fixed cost increases as we've started to run more of our plants on a full line and fully utilized basis over there. And I would expect as I think about the rest of the year for that trend to continue, as it has over the last couple years because the Cadillac brand will continue to get new portfolio entries. Luxury is running strong. We've got a number of crossovers that we'll be launching over the next period of years, this year and next year, at both SGM and SGMW. So that's a trend we would expect to continue to play out. Relative to the industry, obviously there was a pull ahead into last year, as customers expected a pullback on the purchase tax. Payback in the first quarter, the industry was down 3%. We would expect to see the industry grow, as I mentioned, in low single-digit margins and some of that could be back-end loaded because I think there will be another reaction as customers expect a full pullback on the purchase tax by the end of this year, but that's our expectation. As we entered the year, we anticipated that carryover pricing was going to be negative 4.5% to 5%. I'd say through the first trimester, it's been a little bit north of 5% at SGM. However, again the results speak for themselves. We've been able to offset that with improved mix and cost performance at SGM and SGMW.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. Let me talk to the Q1 results for a second. Clearly, we're running against a challenging environment, specifically in the Middle East. The biggest driver of the year-over-year deterioration in GMI more than accounting for the year-over-year deterioration is a contraction of the Middle East industry given low oil prices and we saw reasonably profitable vehicles there. So, that's the big driver. You're right, the impact of Australia, we won't start to see that until we exit 2017 and get into 2018. When we fully wind down manufacturing, that will be kind of we'll cease production in October timeframe there. So, that's something we'll see run rated in 2018. The Thailand downsizing of passenger car profitability and Indonesia ceasing manufacturing, clearly those savings are included, but in the big scheme of things, not necessarily a big driver. I mean, it's tens of and twenties of millions of dollars, not hundreds of millions of dollars. I would suggest when you look at the rest of the region, the best thing I can say is stay tuned. We continue to evaluate our operations there, and I think the lens to look at that is, if we can't find a path to a sustained long-term return in markets, we will take decisive action and that's something that we continue to evaluate and, again, I would suggest stay tuned.
Charles K. Stevens: The way I would think about it generally is, our expectation – again, this is a bit of a forecast because it depends on the strength of the industry and everything else as we go through Q2. But our expectation is that the overall level will be at a roughly 90-day supply at the end of Q2 roughly. Passenger cars will be down significantly, will still be at somewhat elevated levels on trucks and crossovers because of the downtime that I talked about before in Q3. And what we're driving to as we get to the end of Q4, as we've discussed before, is overall inventory on a days supply basis generally in line with 2016, roughly 70 days and our kind of objective is cars at about 50 days when we exit the year and obviously trucks will be a little bit more than 70 and crossovers will be kind of in that ZIP code, because we typically carry more than 70 days of trucks.
Charles K. Stevens: It's been relatively steady through April so far. Not a surprise is the industry contracted and it's a very competitive environment and people were – competitors were being very aggressive from a pricing perspective, it's kind of just steady as she goes in April. Our expectation though is, we work our way through the rest of the years, this should moderate a bit, but that's not our baseline planning assumption. We're planning around and driving the business around something in the mid-5% range from a year-over-over carryover pricing. But it should moderate as we start to see growth again because just naturally, it might take some pressure off the supply and inventory dynamic that we saw in the first quarter.
Charles K. Stevens: Hypothetical. So, clearly and first, again, I like to start these things at 10,000 feet and work my way down. We are very cognizant of that we operate in a cyclical industry, and we're eight years into expansion and it's not like we're sitting and waiting for a downturn to be prepared. I mean, day-to-day we are very focused on acting like we're in a downturn from a cost performance perspective and really taking a hard look at cost. With that said, if there was an event-driven downturn, immediate opportunity is to reduce costs, obviously, marketing. Marketing costs are a significant – I view it as significantly variable, right, depending on where the industry's at. And you could scratch out of that pretty easily something north of $1 billion. As we've talked about before, our manufacturing cost is much more variable now, and I think perhaps people still have the mental model of pre-bankruptcy where, as you took volume out, the manufacturing cost was very sticky. That's not the case now. We've got roughly 30% of our workforce that is short term that would not carry an unemployment benefit. And as we go through the next couple of years, that's going to increase to 50%. Clearly, as we see a downturn, there is a component, I hate to even bring it up, but incentive comp and profit sharing, that's a significant opportunity for reduced cost, it doesn't make any of us happy, but that's a fact. And we are continuing to look at opportunities through operational excellence, Global Business Services to drive savings in GBS. And one point related to this, we've talked about the sale of Opel/Vauxhall to PSA. We are engaged right now in an enterprise initiative to look at how this simplification of the business will allow us to take significant structure out of the business, whether it's corporate staff, whether it's engineering, because the portfolio is going to be more simplified, really across the business and we think that's going to generate significant cost savings. I would say, again stay tuned as we work through that. We will communicate it and likely it will have an upward impact on our $6.5 billion target.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I mean there's a number of different drivers, obviously, and I agree with you, with low interest rates kind of the subvented financing is not as effective as it would be with normalized interest rates. And that's what's kind of driven a few folks over to leasing to chase that monthly payment. We work very, very closely and collaboratively with GMF to try to optimize across our overall incentive spend and mitigate the growth of leasing and mitigate our exposure there. And one thing, a specific tactic is down payment assistance on APR, instead of allocating the money to leases, we allocate the money to provide down payment assistance. That's had a significant impact in a relatively short term in driving more standard APR business to GMF. So, it's those kinds of tactics that we deploy. And we look across all of the tactics, whether it's leasing, whether it's our subvented financing, cash offers, down payment assistance, loyalty offers, I mean there's a number of tools in the toolbox and it's really to optimize kind of the overall mix of sales on spending and not create imbalances as we go to market.
Charles K. Stevens: First, transaction price is unadjusted for mix. At the end of the day, it's a compilation of everything. So when we looked at the first quarter of this year versus the first quarter of last year, from a transaction price perspective, we sold a heck of a ton more Cruzes in the first quarter this year versus last year. So, that is why we can have favorable EBIT pricing or profit pricing on trucks, but transaction prices are relatively flat. And then I think if you look at the North American EBIT bridge, you see the other piece of this equation play out. Mix was unfavorable, fundamentally because we sold a lot more Cruzes in the first quarter of the year this year than we did last year as we are launching the product. So that's the overall answer to that question, Colin.
Charles K. Stevens: As we entered the year, on my little chart that I showed at Deutsche Bank and Office Hours, there were tailwinds and headwinds, and on one of the headwinds was commodity pricing and we expected to see a few hundred million dollar headwind year over year, and we built that into our expectation. For 2017, I would say as we sit today through April, that headwind is greater than we thought by another few hundreds of millions of dollars, I mean, $200 million to $300 million. Obviously, we're taking actions to mitigate that. And in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis, broadly speaking, commodities were about a $200 million headwind.
Charles K. Stevens: To the first question, yeah, back in 2015, we said we expected OnStar to improve profitability and it was part – let me just start with – most recently we've talked about one of the drivers of improved profitability on a go-forward basis around adjacencies and within that, between the 2015 timeframe and 2019 timeframe we talked about roughly $2 billion of improvement in profit adjacencies. It's split between three areas, Customer Care and Aftersales or service parts, GM Financial which made up about half of it, and OnStar. So, if I was sizing the opportunity, I'd split the $2 billion, $1 billion GMF and $0.5 billion each roughly between OnStar and CCA. We're still driving towards that. We're still executing towards that. I would suggest in the results that we've seen thus far in North America relative to OnStar, it's been relatively limited because we're building up the foundation and building up the capability and it goes across many dimensions. 4G LTE is part of it, monetizing the data through vehicle management and onboard diagnostics is another piece, the application framework is another piece, but we're still very, very focused and constructive on driving that profitability because we think it's a huge opportunity. And Mary mentioned, we haven't even started to scratch the surface yet on data monetization and that wasn't factored into that outlook. So, that's another significant opportunity.
Mary Teresa Barra: When you say that business, Rod, are you referring to passenger cars? I wasn't sure of your question.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yeah. First, I would say, if you look at the cars, the Cruze, the Malibu, specifically that we just launched last year, they are on very efficient architectures; architectures that we'll use for multiple generations, not only from a light-weighting efficiency from a performance perspective, but also efficiency from a cost perspective. So, that's one opportunity that we're already putting in place – or we've already put in place. The brand building that we're doing is very important, also looking at the material cost performance that we continue to drive, and then really looking at configuring the vehicle and making sure we have the right vehicle offering to best satisfy and create the value for the customer. There's also opportunities with OnStar and the performance and what we can drive into the vehicle there. So, there's several things that we're looking at and that we continue to work on as we continue to improve the profitability of cars. So, we're very focused on doing that and are making good progress.
Mary Teresa Barra: First to talk about autonomous vehicle, we continue to make very strong progress with Cruise Automation. We've given the Cruise Automation team with the right resources that we've added, responsibility not only developed from a technology perspective and integrate with the core engineering elements of General Motors, but also the commercialization. And so we really are running that as a startup. We haven't put specific timing out there, but I think what we've said several times it will be sooner I think than most people think and we're aggressively working on that and you'll hear more from us as the year evolves on that. So I'm very pleased with the progress we're making. And also, I think one of the key things, there's a lot that is said right now about autonomous vehicle development. But when we are doing our development in downtown San Francisco, also in Scottsdale, also now in Detroit, downtown San Francisco is one of the most complex environments, and the progress that we're making with zero incidents as we take many routes around that city I think gives me confidence that we're on a very good path. As it relates to electrification, when I look at all the assets that we bring to electrification, and this is why Mark has challenged the team, that we are the first OEM that is profitable in electric vehicles again from a technology, from a performance, and from an affordability perspective. And I think we have a steady ramp of products that you're going to see over the next couple years in electrification, but as we continue to evolve our BEV architecture, I think that will be the step. We are ahead of the curve on our cell costs. We started at – just a couple years ago we were at $145. We're now below our curve as we get to our goal of being under $100. And so that is progressing very well. The experience that we're seeing with the Chevrolet Bolt EV and the great response we're getting, because that is a car that is not only an electric vehicle, but it's fun to drive and it's really a technology platform. So when I look at what we've already got into the marketplace with our leadership position in the actual cell technology and the scale that we can leverage across the globe, specifically China, which will be the first and we believe largest electric vehicle market, I think that well positions us. So I'm not going to give you specific timing on either, but autonomous sooner than you think. And on electrification, that will really as we continue to evolve the BEV architecture.
Mary Teresa Barra: From a componentry perspective, to your point, it is a bit simpler to put together. It is in one of our very efficient plants, the Lake Orion plant in Michigan. And so, when we look at the launch, it's on track, we're currently selling in eight states, California, Oregon, Virginia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey and Washington. We'll have some remaining northeastern states that will launch in May and then later in the year available across the United States. So, we're right on plan with where we expect the Bolt EV and also important that it will have some global launches as well. So, again it's in one of our most efficient plants. It's been engineered to be very efficient to build, so we're right on track and we're pleased with the progress on the vehicle.
Mary Teresa Barra: We constantly evaluate that and I think the steps that we took at the beginning of the year with what you see, we're doing in autonomous, are leading in that direction. So, we're looking to create the right business model, demonstrate – we're in a little different position with how we come at this and just to get to the core business and some of the – just a different perspective that people have on this company. But that's why we are being so aggressive in autonomous, so aggressive in electrification. And frankly aggressive with leveraging our 20-year lead with OnStar and having connectively in the car and unlocking the data monetization opportunities as well as just leveraging the data to provide a distinct and better value to the customers, so they buy our vehicles. So we continue to evaluate that. We want to put a few more I'll say proof points on the board and demonstrate that we are, I believe, best positioned, especially in electrification when you look at our track record, our scale, the leverage that we have across the globe. So we're going to continue to push on that. And as we evaluate, we'll look at the right time to make sure that we're doing the right thing for our shareholders, of which is having the right availability of capital.
Mary Teresa Barra: Adam, thanks for your comments, and I am 150% committed to General Motors. In my 37-year career, this is an incredibly exciting time because not only do I believe we are putting the best vehicles on the road that we have in my career here, but when I look at the opportunities that we have with autonomous, with electrification, with connectivity, I'm very passionate about it. And so I'm 150% dedicated to this company and continuing to demonstrate that General Motors can be the industry leader in transforming transportation and also being very responsive to the environment, and I think we're well positioned to do that. So that's where my focus is and will be going forward.
Mary Teresa Barra: So you bring up a very good point, one that we're very cognizant of, and so we look at what the landscape is. We do have OnStar deployed quite successfully in China right now. But we also think there are opportunities that we're exploring of how we work in that whole ecosystem because it is a very different ecosystem, not only because of some of the issues that you've raised and the different companies that really are leading in that market, but also because of where the country is and how they're adopting technology and in some cases skipping whole generations of the way developed markets use the technology in going right to an end game solution. So when I was there just last week, we spent quite a bit of time on that topic and developing the plan of how we're going to pursue that, very specific to the Chinese market, that environment, and the potential people we might work with there as we continue to evolve the OnStar platform in that country.
Mary Teresa Barra: Through our SGM. Yes, SGM has that. The way we view data, Adam, is that the customer owns it. And so if someone signs up for this service, they give us permission to how we're going to use that data. So again, complying with all the laws and regulations in each of the countries, that's the way we use it. But through our joint venture, SGM, we do have access to that data, as we set it up with permission from the customer.
Mary Teresa Barra: Right now when we talk about it, we have a cell cost per kilowatt hour that's around $145 and that's for the Bolt EV and we're working that – what we showed a couple of years ago, we're working on a path to get that, like I said, around $100 or below $100 and we're ahead of the curve on that. You have to look at the whole vehicle, how it comes together, the scale, the different offerings, is it in sharing environment. So, when we drive to that profitability, I can't just say we got to get it to act because you've got to really look at, there's many other levers that get us to be profitable in electric vehicle. Now, we're going to keep working aggressively on the cell cost and leveraging our scale. To drive you the profitability which is I think where you're asking the question, getting below $100, we'll get there and then we'll set another target.
Mary Teresa Barra: And then, Brian, on the technical piece of it, we last year spent a considerable time. There'd already work being done, but had my personal attention and Mark Reuss on it as well as Randy Mott from an IT and we put the resources together much more into one integrated organization to drive, how did we quickly. Because now if you think about it, the car used to stop, it's a pain and now the car doesn't stop there because there's so many services or apps that you can use outside of the car to get the speed and the quality and the integrity to make sure we do it right from a safety and a cyber security perspective. We pulled that whole organization together, they operate under one person that we brought into the company. So, that's the way we're leveraging the engineering and then we do have a new electrical architecture coming in our vehicles that has been under development for a couple of years and will be launched shortly. So, we have addressed, I'll say, the core electrical architecture, but I think more importantly, bringing the resources and having the view that the car extends outside of the pain to make sure that we have the systems integrated well and that's the way that we operate today. And so, that's how we're addressing, I'll say, the tech piece of it to support the opportunity that we have to be first and fast in really leveraging this new area.
Mary Teresa Barra: Thank you, operator. I just got a couple of comments. I'm really proud of the team and what they've accomplished in this first quarter. This again, I think, demonstrates our resolve that we are going to continue to strengthen the core business, generate the best possible return for our owners and then continue to execute with a huge sense of urgency on the transformative technologies that are really going to allow us to have a leadership position and make people's lives safer, simpler, and better as we move forward. We are a very disciplined company as we approach this. I think, you've seen actions from us, you'll continue to see actions that represent us because myself, the leadership team and every GM employee, we are here to win. And that's what we focus on doing every day when we are at work or wherever we are. So, thanks again for participating.
