Daniel Akerson: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. In summary, we produced a solid quarter. Generating our best results in North America and China, the world’s most important markets where GM is a market leader. Today's results are an affirmation that we continue to make steady progress on our long-term goal, sustained financial performance. Having said that, it’s also clear, we have a lot more work to do. Especially in Europe, which is being hurt by challenging economic conditions and in South America. Turning to slide two, our global deliveries and net revenue were both up nicely year-over-year, reflecting the benefits of our broad global footprint and the value consumers see in our vehicles. Our deliveries were up 9% to 2.2 million units and net revenue was up 8% to $36.7 billion. It’s always nice to outpace the market which we were able to do with our global share increasing to 12%, including gains in North America and China. We delivered $2.2 billion in EBIT adjusted, down $100 million versus the prior year. We saw higher volume and better pricing, but that was offset by increased cost which were mostly engineering and marketing expenses, as well as unfavorable vehicle mix. We continue to be encouraged by the strong performance of GM North America, which improved its EBIT adjusted to $2.2 billion, largely on the strength of a strong sales of fuel-efficient vehicles across the portfolio. Despite a $300 million improvement versus a year ago, GM Europe lost $300 million in the quarter, reflecting the weakened vehicle market there, which itself is a manifestation of Europe’s economic morass. GMIO reported EBIT adjusted of $400 million, down $100 million from a year ago levels, mainly due to increased engineering expenses at our fully consolidated units. And GM South America reported breakeven EBIT adjusted, down $200 million from the third quarter in 2010, largely due to increased cost. During the third quarter we continued to make good progress, strengthening our fortress balance sheet. Yesterday we announced the establishment of the Canadian Healthcare Trust reducing our OPEB liabilities by $3 billion. In the third quarter we generated $1.8 billion at automotive cash flow from operating activities, and $300 million in automotive free cash flow. We ended the quarter with available automotive liquidity of approximately $39 billion. All in all, a solid quarter in which we continued to generate profits and cash despite the uneven global economy. But we have opportunities within our control and challenges outside of our control to work through as we pursue sustained profitable growth around the globe. Away from the numbers, we had a very busy third quarter indeed, accomplishing a number of things that bode well for the company's future. First and foremost among them, of course, was completing a four-year labor agreement UAW partners. The new contract is a landmark deal for all involved and is very important to us because it allows us to maintain our low breakeven level and protect our balance sheet. It also gives our employees an even more direct stake in the company's performance, and very importantly it creates jobs. In other news since I last spoke to you, GM has seen some very important corporate credit rating upgrades. Thanks to continued solid operating performance, our fortress balance sheet, and a new labor agreement, both S&P and Moody’s now have us just one notch below investment grade. We signed a new agreement with SAIC for electric vehicle development. We intend to lead the way, we intend to lead the industry in advanced technology and this is just another step in that direction. We also signed an agreement with LG Group, to jointly design and engineer future electric vehicles. This will help us expand the number and types of electric vehicles we can offer by leveraging LG’s proven expertise in batteries and other systems. We also announced a number of new important products. The Cadillac ELR, the world’s first extended range luxury electric vehicle, the Chevrolet Colorado mid-size pickup, the Chevrolet Spark mini-electric vehicle, the Chevrolet TrailBlazer, mid-size SUV for global markets. And of course we marked Chevrolet centennial by producing the best sales so far in the company's 100-year history. That’s just some of the news we have made. Continue to watch this space for more. Now I would like to turn it over to Dan Ammann.
Daniel Akerson: Okay. Thanks, Dan. So all-in-all, third quarter results are encouraging. I just want to emphasize that despite a challenging global economic environment, we continue to generate profits and cash. And although we have to do better job in some areas, I find it a very encouraging sign. Our year-to-date numbers tell a good story. Revenue stands at $112 billion, up 14%. Our global share is up 0.5% to 11.9%, a sign that our fuel efficient portfolio is paying off and we continue to bring the right products to the right market at the right time. And our year-to-date EBIT adjusted is a solid $7.2 billion, up $1.2 billion from the prior year. So we are making good progress, but we know that, as I said, there is much more work left to be done. We need to do a better job in Europe and South America. Results there are not sustainable and not acceptable. We will continue to work on reducing the breakeven levels in those regions to ensure profitable and sustainable growth going forward. We must and shall continue to work for new ways to reduce complexity and contain cost in all regions of the world. At the same time we will continue to better leverage our scale to take advantage of expected global growth and improving our margins. Finally, on slide 29, our new business model remains a beacon for us to follow. We continue to systemically execute our plan, which includes investing in new products, strengthening in our balance sheet, preserving our low breakeven point, and growing in emerging markets. We have three key elements to long-term sustained performance, which you see on this pyramid. On the bottom foundation is our aim to reduce the company’s risk profile, so that we’re in a position to invest in new products during good and bad times, smoothing the workload in our product development organization, reducing churn, and most importantly, consistently launching great new products in key growth markets globally. Second, to leverage GM’s leading position in key growth markets in to sustainable profitable growth. That includes strengthening the value of all of our brands around the world. And on top, a new business model that is built around our vision to design, build and sell the world’s best vehicles. Everything we do starts and ends with great products. Our third quarter results already show encouraging signs of success with the new business model. On a year-over-year basis, global market share is up 0.6 points. Net revenue is up 8%, and pricing is positive $400 million, globally. That’s our plan for the fourth quarter and beyond. And despite the challenges in the fourth quarter we are striving to improve every day. We continue to be vigilant in reducing cost and complexity while at the same time keeping our product king above all else. That’s our roadmap to success. Thank you, everyone, and we can now open it up for questions.
Daniel Akerson: Let me add a couple of things too, this is Dan Akerson. In China, our growth year-to-date is about 10.5% year-over-year. The market is growing at about 3.5%, 4% somewhere in there. So, we’re growing at almost 2.5 times the market, and we’re taking share. Our share through the third quarter was up to 14.1%, which is good, and it signals that the products are doing well over the next 12 to 18 months. We have a couple more plants going online. So, if this market continues to grow, and it looks like it will, we will be in a better position than we were last year to take advantage of market growth. So, China, I would say is a good story if it holds, and our expectation is that it will. In South America, just briefly, we’ve introduced two products in the last two months, the Cobalt and the Cruze. Initial indications are positive. We look at market share on a week-to-week basis, (and as) as we can be around here. And we’ve seen some pickup with the take on these two products, and as Dan said, we’ve got seven other product launches. Recognizing that we’re playing offence on one hand and defense on the other, our cost structure needs to be modulated a bit, and we’ve already taken steps in the direction. We’ve got a 4% take on headcount reduction voluntary, and we’ve recognized we’re going to have to go deeper. At the same time, we’ve got a lot of product launches, many product launches that we’ve got to make sure are handled properly. So, we are reasonably optimistic over the intermediate term. I wouldn’t be surprised to see fourth quarter be flat to maybe marginally down. We think we’ll be slightly positive but there may be some restructuring cost associated with the efforts in Latin America. So net-net in those two markets, pretty positive, and as Dan said, we are watching. And Europe was going on systemically and then I think episodically we need to lower our breakeven point, even lower than we have it today in Europe. So more to come on that.
Daniel Akerson: If you were to look at October, we had about a 2% rise in sales. There is two factors in there. One, October of ‘10 was a very good year. I am talking about North America in particular. So, the comparisons for us were good, I mean they were challenging a bit. At the same time, 80% of the car, the vehicles, the cars we sold in October were ‘12 models, and 50% of the trucks were ‘12 models. That was a much higher proportion than our competition. And to go to your question, we wanted to be very disciplined about pricing, as it related to ‘12 models. We weren’t going to discount. Not nearly as aggressively as we might otherwise have. And so as I said on the road show, we are going to price for profit, not for market share. And I think we did the right thing for us -- for us, I am not commenting anybody else. I am just -- for General Motors, it was the right decision in October to hold to our pricing, especially on our ‘12 models which we had a higher percentage of. So, that should give you some indication how we view the pricing algorithms.
Daniel Akerson: No, I don’t think there is a significant change here. We moved Karl Stracke over there last spring. He’s been running Opel now for the better part of 2011. Nick Reilly has been with the company 37 years. He will step down next March, but he’ll step down from his responsibilities in Europe effective end of this year. So, I don’t see any significant change there.
Daniel Ammann: Well, the engineering expense is something that we measure on a global basis and allocate back out on a global basis. So the whole engineering function globally is run as a global entity including the Korean operations, currently. So it’s fully integrated. Clearly, as we have talked about before, going back to the business conference back in August, we have substantial opportunities and initiatives underway to improve our overall engineering effectiveness to make sure that we are getting more out of the system for less input into the system, and that benefit as its realized will accrue to all of the regions around the world.
Daniel Ammann: No. What the pension relief does is it really takes any required contributions from being a long way out to a really, really long way out. So, it doesn’t change the way that we are thinking about the fundamental strategy. It’s simply an opportunity that was there that made sense for us to take advantage of. But more generally on pension, we have continued with the strategy that we articulated on the de-risking side of the plan. We have been moving consistently in that direction from when we started talking about that last year. And I would say, and this is as far as I want to go at this point, that our de-risking strategy has benefited us through the period of market turmoil relative to if we had not been pursuing that strategy.
Daniel Ammann: No, no change to -- and again we haven’t articulated a specific plan for voluntary contributions. From my point of view, the de-risking is as or more important than the fully funded component of our strategy right now. So, we want to make sure that we are getting the assets and liabilities of the plan that are aligned taking all of the de-risking initiatives that we can and will continue to fund the plans over time as needed.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, sure. Let us expand on that. I will make some comments and Chuck can chime in as well. First of all, I want to make sure that everyone is thinking about the seasonal nature of the North America business in the right way. Because there are some seasonal elements going on, and then both this year and last year some more sort of unique elements for those given periods. As you think about the North America business seasonally, a simple way to think about it is that in any given year we will generally generate about two-thirds of our EBIT for the year in the middle two quarters, Q2 and Q3. With the remaining third being generated in Q1 and Q4, with a little bit of a bias to Q1. And that’s the pattern that you saw last year, it’s the pattern that you will see this year, and frankly, as we look ahead to next year it’s the pattern that we would expect you to see if we’re talking about this a year from now. So the question is what drives that seasonal, or that sequential walk if you like, from Q3 to Q4. It really breaks down into three buckets in terms of the seasonal impacts that you would expect to see each year. The first component of it is the model year changeover happens primarily in the third quarter, so we get pricing benefit and dealer stock adjustment benefits in Q3. That then is essentially reversed to some extent in the fourth quarter, because we are building mostly new model year vehicles into inventory, and we’re beginning to tick up incentives as those vehicles begin their aging process through the model year. So, that’s about a third of the sort of typical seasonal impact. Another third of it or so comes from seasonal marketing spend, just the way that the different marketing events and sponsorships and other things play out around the calendar or through the year as we typically see a pickup in marketing in the fourth quarter. We saw at last year, we are seeing similar effect this year. And then, the final seasonal element is the fourth quarter is the quarter with the most holidays in it. So, from the manufacturing point of view, there’s some cost penalty associated with that. So, those three factors together drive what you’re going to see. Each year is a typical fourth quarter seasonal weakness and are part of the equation where we make roughly two-thirds of the profits in the middle two quarters of the year, with the balance split Q1, Q4, as I said. Now, beyond that, last year, we had some items around launch that came in the fourth quarter. This year, the one other item I’d point you to is, you might recall, when we released the second quarter results we talked about the fact that in the second quarter, given the truck production in that quarter and the inventory build in trucks in that quarter, it was about $300 million extra contribution to profit in Q2 of this year. And essentially that’s come out of the fourth quarter as we’ve adjusted schedules in the fourth quarter. So, that’s what I’d highlight as perhaps the meaningful sort of one-time benefit. So, you’ve got the seasonal impact that I described, the truck mix factor from inventory build in Q2 versus not in Q4. And so that’s really the North America equation. On top of that, looking at Europe, we have been through the first three quarters of this year, with an aggregate broken even before restructuring. We are clearly signaling that we don’t expect to achieve that result in the fourth quarter. So, you put that in the mix to the overall equation, and you can get back to an EBIT result for the whole company that’s similar to last year. So, hopefully that helps give you some color as to how we get where we get to.
Daniel Ammann: Yeah. So, in terms of the overall environment, I mean, clearly, there is a lot of uncertainty, even just overnight and exactly what’s happening in Europe. And I think, we and others are seeing that come through in the business. So, whether there’s a cliff event or not out there, your crystal ball is as good as ours. What we’re focused on obviously is, if you go back to the first three quarters of this year versus the first three quarters of last year in Europe, we improved about $1.3 billion year-over-year in EBIT or $700 million improvement excluding restructuring. So, we’ve achieved significant improvement year-over-year. So, we know how to make progress in the business. There’s cost elements to that, but there’s also market elements and product elements to that. And we’re still -- we’re continuing to work obviously on all of those fronts. But at the same time, we’re not expecting to get bailed out by a big ramp-up in volumes in Europe, and we’re very focused on what are the actions that we need to be taking to make sure that we get the business, get the breakeven point down, so we can be sustainably profitable even in a challenging environment. So, we’ve done that recently year-over-year. Our assumption is that the market is not going to continue to improve materially from where we are, and that implies that we need to further reduce the breakeven point in order to get where we want to be.
Daniel Ammann: We’re not providing mid-year return updates. But I will say again what I said, which is, our de-risking strategy that we’ve been pursuing, we think has given where we are today and the volatility in the markets has meaningfully benefited us relative to a typical pension plan with typical asset allocation. So, we have had some benefit from that. We will provide full update at the end of the year. And in terms of the funding, really the same answer that I gave to Adam earlier, I think, which is, we’re most focused on de-risking opportunities and pursuing that and we will continue to fund the plan, as needed, over time. But no immediate decisions on that front.
Daniel Ammann: Yeah, on the commodity side, we don’t do a whole lot of hedging on the commodity side and so we have various programs, but relative to others we probably have less overall hedging activity. So as we get raw material improvements, we will be looking to obviously capitalize on those to the maximum extent possible. In terms of South America, you’ve seen the results in the quarter here. We’ve talked extensively before about the product turnover, portfolio turnover that we have going on down there, and we are in the middle of executing that right now. What we have continued to see in the last quarter or two is, is it’s quite an inflationary environment in general, down there. And we have begun to take some actions, as I referenced in my prepared remarks, around headcount reduction to make sure that we’re getting the cost structure and the breakeven point where it needs to be to really support that new product portfolio when it gets into the marketplace, and get the profitability of that business back to where it should be.
Daniel Ammann: Yeah, I mean, I would say the following, which is, clearly if you take the South America example. Part of the pressure on profitability there is around the product turnover and portfolio turnover. But let’s be clear, a chunk of it is just due to cost inflation outside of the launch activity and that’s why you have seen us take the actions that I described and Dan just further expanded upon, around headcount and so on, to make sure that we are keeping the structural cost where it needs to be, so that when we get the right products in the market that we are able to get the margins dropping through in the way that we want them to. So, I don’t want anyone to have the impression that South America is just a launch cost issue. It is broader inflation, it’s an inflationary environment. There are broader cost challenges and we are taking actions against that pretty promptly and decisively. More generally, around the world, we have launches going on all of the time, so, I’d be cautious about sort of looking forward to an environment where we don’t have launches. As a general matter, there’s always launches going on somewhere. There are obviously periods of greater or lesser activity and bigger or smaller launches. But I don’t think if I was you I would want to get into focusing too much on that as being a big driver of sequential or year-over-year profit changes.
Daniel Ammann: Well, I think, what’s really important to understand is what we’ve been doing year-over-year. So, if you take the first nine months of this year compared to the first nine months of last year, we have $1.2 billion of profit improvement from price. So, we have taken a fair amount of price year-over-year. We are very focused on making sure that we understand the value proposition of the vehicles in the marketplace to the consumer, and we are pursuing price opportunities not just on launches but on every vehicle that we can around the world, to make sure we’re really optimizing on price. And frankly as we look at different places around the world product line by product line, we still have opportunity to gain price relative to competition. As we are getting the right vehicles in the market, as we are improving residual values, we are having the ability to take share and get price, we’ve done that year-over-year. Clearly, we want to keep doing that going forward with our new launches as well as our existing products.
Daniel Ammann: No, it’s a little bit what you saw in the third quarter which is we’ve been increasing capital expenditure as we had previously signaled. So that’s a big element of it. The only other thing in the fourth quarter is, we have the UAW payment associated with the ratification. So, that’s really probably only other sort of one-time item.
Daniel Ammann: Well, we don’t want to get into a lot of detail about what specifically we’re doing. So, I’ll get back to what I said, which is we’ve been pursuing de-risking actions and opportunities really since we started talking about this over a year ago. That’s accrued to our benefit, we think, relative to perhaps your typical pension plan asset allocation year-over-year. The other big thing that we’ve achieved in this quarter is just to make sure that we’re not adding to the liability through pension increases through the labor contract. And that people might have lost over that, but that’s the first time in over 50 years that there haven’t been a pension increase associated with the new UAW labor contract. So, that was a really important component of addressing the pension problem. The first thing you have to do is make sure you don’t let it grow on you. So, we’re making good progress on that, and then as I said, we’ll have more to say at the fourth quarter results.
Daniel Ammann: That the EBIT level, it’s a bit over $100 million. But then, obviously, there’s some interest expense associated with the note, but that will be below the line.
Daniel Ammann: Well, it’s not just cost, right. If you look at where we’ve been successful in restructuring around the company, whether it’s in North America or the progress we’ve made to-date. In Europe, it hasn’t just been a cost play, it’s both revenue and costs in sort of roughly equal contributions. So, we have some important products that are getting underway in Europe that will help us from a share point of view, improve our ability to take prices. As Dan was saying, we are being much more disciplined around pricing on new product as well as existing product. So we clearly have opportunities in the marketplace to do more but at the same time we are going to be taking a very close look at the cost structure, and how do we help move the breakeven point using both the cost structure and the revenue side of the equation. So there is no one single solution. It’s going to be again back to the improvement we’ve have had year-over-year. We had significant improvement this year over the last year and we will be looking at that all of the same opportunities to do the same thing again going forward.
Daniel Ammann: Well, again, I don’t know how you characterize things. I mean from my perspective it’s much more about continuous improvement, right. We got to get the breakeven point in the business to a point where we are generating sustainable profitability in any reasonable market scenario and that’s very much the strategy we have outlined from the outset to have our breakeven at the bottom of the cycle. We have been breakeven for the first nine months of the year in Europe in total and what we are looking at is an increasingly challenged economic environment going forward with a lot of uncertainty. We got to get the breakeven point lower, get the revenue higher in order to be profitable in that kind of market environment. We are not going to accept the level of profitability that we have shown in the quarter we have just announced here.
Daniel Ammann: It’s too early to provide specific outlook on 2012 other than to say that the product launches have gotten underway. There are many more to come into next year. The cost actions have gotten underway, the ones that we described earlier here, more to come. So, I think that’s the story that will evolve clearly as we move through 2012 on both the revenue and cost side.
