Daniel F. Akerson: Thanks Dan, on prior calls I’ve talked about playing offense with products designed to win, not just compete. This strategy well in whole display at the North American International auto show in January. Energy around GM was infectious in fact Detroit Main event the Company's best auto shows, since the Alpine days in 1950. Corvette, won best in show, the Cadillac ELR was named best design, the Cadillac ATS took home the North American Car of the Year honors, interestingly the first win ever from Cadillac. All of this was great but in many ways we are still not getting going. During 2013 and 2016 we will refresh our North American portfolio, at twice the rate we did during the last three years. The Chevrolet Silverado and GMC are only the tip of the iceberg. We are redesigning other foundational product like the all new Chevrolet Impala and we are aggressively entering new segments with vehicles like Buick Encore. The same holds true for the Chevrolet product line in South America, where we went from having one of the oldest portfolios in the industry to one of the newest over the span of about 18 months. This includes the aforementioned Chevrolet Onix, which earned the Car of the Year honors in Brazil. In Europe, we are not just cost cutting our way to profitability as we have said many times. In Russia, we are investing $1 billion to expand capacity because we expect the industry there to surpass Germany by 2017. In China, we are investing aggressively in all facets of our business, especially Cadillac and Chevrolet, because the market could reach 30 million units by 2020, that’s up from $19 million today. All of this and more is possible because of our profitability, fortress balance sheet, and solid cash flow. We still have a lot of work to drive down our variable cost and ring complexity out of this system, but with $8 billion in annual investment and our drive for results, GM is setting the stage for more than just higher volumes, market share and profit. We are out to create a sustainable competitive advantage and I am pleased with our progress. Our next steps are crystal clear; stay disciplined financially, and operationally, sharpen our focus on customers, and continue to play offense with new products. Thank you and now let’s open the line for Q&A
Daniel F. Akerson: Let me just say yes, good question. How much is within our control, I thought Dan did a pretty good job, but it’s not like we’re just hoping for the best. One thing we can’t control is the market, but we have certain leverage we can post. PSA agreement for both logistics and purchasing will kick in and also we’re going to do, co-development on the MPV-B and MPV-C and the B segment cars that should in the out years toward build the decade and on should benefit the joint-venture by about $2 billion over that period of time. We’re going to be smart about how we cut costs and just closed plans. I mean we closed Antwerp in ‘11, that was a big deal and it actually forwarded some leeway in early part of ’11, where we were actually profitable, and then the European crisis kicked in the summer of the ‘11. I think what you see when we sold Strasbourg and why do well sell it? Well, it was cheaper to take a write-down of $100 million than it was to pay for the labor discontinuity and the cost associated with that. I think that’s smart move. In the interim in the last year, as I said Dan touched upon a two, Bochum will play out because the Sierra is not going to be assigned to the plans after the ‘16 timeframe. So we’re still in the midst of labor negotiations, we hope to ramp up relatively quickly over the certainly within this quarter is our hope. We’ll have more to report on that. In the meantime, we’ve also reduced headcount in Opel by 2,500 people last year, and we’re doing that, we’re just trying to reshape, remold the costs, the SG&A, the cost profile that we project and we think it will be about (inaudible) this year we continue to work, it’s a work in progress. At the same time, we can’t just play defense, we are trying to play offense, we are in two new segments that we’ve never been in before, the Adam and the Mokka represent two new segment entry and we have to continue to do well in the segments we are in. So with all of this, I know it’s kind of a white mosaic that I have tried to characterize or portrait here. It’s our objective to hit break-even by a decade or there above.Brian A. Johnson – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Daniel F. Akerson: So on the inventory side, we hit our objective for the year-end inventory for the company which was under 100,000 units. So we think we’ve set our sales in reasonable shape going forward on that. In terms of how much of that is sort of growing business, non-recurring pieces, I mean obviously it’s just going to be a function of what happens to demand. So going forward our goal is to keep inventory in and around where it is. Obviously seasonal moves within there, but on an overall basis, keep that roughly in line. Sorry, could you repeat the second part of the question.
Daniel F. Akerson: FX, yeah, FX obviously we have seen some strengthening of the euro that hurts relative to the UK market and the sterling there. It’s favorable relative to imported product, particularly what we're importing from Korea. So I’d say overall strengthening euro is a headwind as of right now, but we will continue to try getting – it just goes accordingly. 
Daniel F. Akerson: Yeah, another dynamic in there too as well Rod is, our full size SUV plants were down three weeks in the month of January as part of the conversion. So that's going to have a bit of an impact on Q1 and as Dan mentioned I think we will see, a bit more weight in the second half of the year versus the run rate over the last three years.
Daniel F. Akerson: Well, I’d say overall with our total de-risking strategy, we’ve come a very long way over the last couple of years with a whole host of actions, all of which we have talked through here multiple times. And I think where we ended the year, we feel very, very good about in terms of having got the salary deal done all of the other actions that was taken and it gives us a level of flexibility that we would not have had at this point in time. As we mentioned in our comments, we have five years. We expect with no mandatory contributions and what that does for us is, it gives us a lot of flexibility. We’ll continue to look at opportunities to further de-risk for sure, dug all or further de-risk as we move along. And if some thing compelling comes along, we’ll act on it. So I think what we’re really signaling here is because of the actions we have taken we feel like we made a lot of progress and we’re in a position where we have a fair amount of flexibility. So we will still act if something interesting comes along.
Daniel F. Akerson: So there’s a couple that are fairly obvious, one is they’re closing of the (inaudible) transaction, what we said at the time was that would be about a $2 billion cash contribution from the motor company to the finance company to close that, so that’s one number. Secondly, we pay about 900 that gets lost in the mix sometimes. If we pay about 900 million a year in dividends so that’s another call on that. Our mandatory convertible which is a piece of that will convert at the end of this year, so that will go away going into next year into ‘14. We have the Series B, the VEBA preferred that’s out there that becomes callable at the end of ’14 and that’s a very expensive piece of paper and that’s something that we would like to redeem as soon as it’s reasonably able to be done. So it’s something that’s not this year, but that’s on the horizon. And then we have potential other voluntary pension actions, should interesting opportunities come along on that front. So there are handful of sort of known and identifiable items out there. And obviously we will overlay on that, opportunities from a shareholder point of view, we took from our perspective very major step in that direction around the UST buyback at the end of last year and we bought the balanced to the way that we’re deploying cash.Patrick K. Archambault – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you, very helpful. And then onto my question on Europe, maybe two things, number one is; it’s been written in the press, I don’t know if it’s out but that the cooperation with PSA has kind of downshifted a bit. There is no longer the D segment program. I think it’s the B and then some SUVs. My first question is sort of, why the narrowing of the scale of cooperation, just give them the need for variable cost efficiencies down the road. And then number two is what’s the prognosis perhaps for bringing some Chevrolet stuff into your OPEL facilities, you know things like the Cruze or Chevy version of the Mokka or something like that? Thank you.
Daniel F. Akerson: This is Dan Akerson, I will answer that. I think a wise man once said, you can’t believe everything you read. And there is a great ad on television about, yeah I read it on the Internet, that’s got to be true. Don’t take too much stock into what you read, lot of people like to talk. This all good robust and healthy joint ventures are based on self interest and when you can’t pencil a car like the D segment car and for either party, then you shouldn’t do it. I mean this isn’t some sort of fraternity here, it’s a co-calculated business deal. We respect the PSA folks a lot and the relationship is good. From a manufacturing point of view, whether we would shift around the globe and bring Chevrolet to Europe or that we won’t comment on. That is something we look at on a routine basis, but we are not going to wash our laundry in the public about what we may or may not do. I apologize for that.Patrick K. Archambault – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Daniel F. Akerson: Well, Chuck can comment it briefly, we don’t want to get into a modeling exercise here, line item by line item, but we’ll – and we gave a fair bit of color back in the meeting in January, but Chuck, if you…
Daniel F. Akerson: From our perspective 35% was an estimate of where it will be. We don’t have the benefit of tax benefits on our European losses for example, whereas I think they do, so that could be something that’s a difference between the two.Chris J. Ceraso – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Daniel F. Akerson: Dealer level is a little higher. And we are working that down sort of through this quarter as well. So I would say we are in better shape on the company side than we are on the dealer side, but we are making some good progress on that as well, and when we think about inventory, we think about obviously the whole chain if you like and we are focused on both of these.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And a question on your preserved guidance either in the U.S. or Europe incorporate in anyway 94 yen-dollar or 125 yen-euro, have you or do you expect to see any competitive pressure from the Japanese players as a result of this.
Daniel F. Akerson: I guess I mean the whole currency equation is much more multidimensional than just what the yen doing on the flip side, we felt that as I said earlier, the Korean Won strengthening which tells me other direction for those guys. So you also have, when the yen strengthened as much as it did going back few quarters, are you sure to rush the localization by some of the Japanese to get more localization here. So there may not be a perfectly symmetrical unwind system either side of that as well. So what we said our plans for the year, we obviously have FX assumptions in there, say as we move into their early part of the year, there are some tailwinds, and some headwinds too soon to call the overall effect for the year. South America for example, Brazilian Real move favorably for us there. So we gave you the impact of the Venezuelan devaluation. So…Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it.
Daniel F. Akerson: The answer to the question is it will probably evolve more to a global market brand head, rather than the global chief marketing officer. And yes, the commonwealth structure was got in place, which largely surrounds Chevrolet is still operative, still in place and the saving is still projected.
Daniel F. Akerson: Sure, well, I think the outlook that we provided stands, which is there will be core for the existing GM will be down slightly, and offset by some portion of a partial Europe in the Ally business. Exactly how that’s a function of when the transaction closes and the closes in a series of steps by geography, so that’s all still moving around somewhat. What I would say is on the core GMF business is, we have had some tailwinds last year from some of the pre-acquisition portfolio and how that was accounted for and would gone through that previously that gave some extra yield to some of those assets through the P&L. So a little bit of that tailwind in that one would occur this year. So there is no huge change in the fundamental outlook, it’s more just some of the way that the accounting worked for some of the pre-acquistion portfolios rolling off and we are back to kind of a core for the business. So I’d say that the assuming the Ally transaction is closed roughly on time through the second and third quarters that we would expect year to be essentially roughly flat year-over-year.Ryan J. Brinkman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay great. Thanks then last question, full size pick up truck sales have improved recently in U.S. it looks like your share also got quite a bit stronger in December and then January relative to what it was in October and November, so can you maybe just discuss for us, the sensitivity of your North American earnings to these pickup truck volumes and maybe just kind of walk us through how you’re feeling now, about the pickup truck market in the U.S. and your inventories in light of how the market and your share has trended over the past couple of months. Thank you.
Daniel F. Akerson: Yeah, I would say that first we need to recognize that our capacity in full size pick-ups is relatively flat year-over-year. We are going to have significant downtime and transition time, so as the industry improves, as the segment share increases, our share increases. There is not a lot of production upside, what it does is helps us reduce our inventory levels, and from an inventory perspective I would say after December and January results, we are executing to our plans. There is a lot of variability and volatility in that, but we are reasonably comfortable with our truck inventories, where they are now, as we head into the transition. So I would say from a 2013 perspective there is pretty limited upside on full size pick up production just because of the transition.Ryan J. Brinkman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great thanks for all the color. Congratulations on the quarter.
Daniel Ammann: Okay, well it’s Ammann, I’ll address your first Europe question, I’ll hand it to Chuck to North America and then to Dan in response to your last question. I think as we look at the environment for 2013, really as we talked about a few weeks back-end as we talked about back-end Q3, we see the industry down this year, and obviously find out by how much as we go through the year, but our view on the industry has not gotten any more bullish, let’s put it that way. As it relates to the things that we control, I do think we feel better and better about the things that we control. We feel very good about the team that we now have on the ground, we have KT Neumann joining in addition all the other changes we made for the three quarters of the last year. We feel pretty good about receptivity of the new vehicles launches into the market, as Dan commented we have 80,000 orders for the Opel Mokka, 20,000 orders in already for the Adam, which is barely even getting going yet. And those vehicles from a profit contribution point of view will be quite favorable relative to the balance of the portfolio there, so we feel good about that, and what we control on the product side. We feel good about the progress we are making on the cost side of the business, capacity actions, consolidating from 3S to 2, the run out at Bochum, the sale of the Strasbourg transmission facility, and so on and we feel good about the progress on the SG&A front. So the things that are in our control, we feel like we are making good progress on, the great unknown of course is what happens in the European economies. What happens to end markets demand, and the nature of where that demand is, profits of different by country, different by channel, and so on and obviously that’s not within our control moving to play that out as we go.
Daniel Ammann: When we’ve provided those outlooks, they were excluding the impact of the $600 million.Brian A. Johnson – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Daniel Ammann: Yeah, let me take that valid chart. From a volume perspective, production was up 36,000 units, wholesales however were up 21,000 units and when we factor in the impact of variable manufacturing that brought the overall volume impact to about to 138 million and 20,000 units, so I think that’s relatively consistent with the variable margins we have reflected in the past. Relative to pricing, when you think about Q4, the economic price in Q4 year-over-year was kind of flat MSRP increases offset increase in sales volumes and MSRP increases on both carry over and new product, the big driver of the unfavorable price was stock adjustments, primarily driven by the recognition of the GMT 900 transition and likely increased incentives as we move through the next six months on that. So that was the primary driver of Q4 price.
Daniel Ammann: It’s essentially topping up the anticipated liability on inventory on hand in total for expected incentives going forward.
Daniel Ammann: Yeah, pricing, I mean we’re continuing to manage pricing actions here in conjunction with what's going on in the market. We're obviously looking to make up as much as we can, product launches that we have going on in the marketplace. Too soon to tell exactly how pricing can unfold for the year at this point.
Daniel Ammann: I don't think there's going to be anything too unusual, I think you may see things a little more back-end loaded especially out of the first quarter that we have seen in previous years. It’s not a huge change, but I'd say there was some more waiting for the middle and back-end of the year.
Daniel Ammann: Well we had some reasonable performance in, tailwind from an earnings point of view or a cash point of view, depends on …
Daniel Ammann: From a cash flow point of view, we continue to see opportunity, we made some progress in 2012 relative to our original plans for the year on that front and we brought more discipline and a pretty keen focus on that and we’re seeing the benefits of that from month-to-month. So we continue to see opportunity on that in ’13. What I would point out is most of you will know is that typically Q1 is the sizable outflow from working capital and then Q2, Q3 through the middle of the year it tends to be more sort of neutral and then we get a sizable pickup in the fourth quarter just based on shutdowns and so on. And we’d expect that seasonal pattern to continue this year, hopefully with some overall improvement underlying that.
Daniel Ammann: Well I take a couple of things, one just a minor point, which is the mandatory convertible, will convert to common stock in November (inaudible) terms so that’s not a cash flow per se, that’s more cash opportunity, because once that converts, we want to be paying the coupon that we are paying on that currently, so it’s the point on that one or generally I would say, we have a pretty disciplined capital allocation framework that we have used over the last year plus now that we used to review opportunities with our Board of Directors that we look at everything on a relative basis in there. And so what I identified earlier was to find opportunities that we see out there, we are always evaluating relative attractiveness of one opportunity over the other, things come along that we don’t expect necessarily or as planning for such as the buyback that we executed in December; that wasn’t something that we foresaw as a defined opportunity, too much ahead of times, so I guess the point is there are things out there that we know we would like to do. There are opportunities that are well defined right now that could come along and we will evaluate those in a defined disciplined risk adjusted return to our share owners framework.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Daniel Ammann: Certainly, equilibrium has been a lot of currency activity already or a lot of contracts.Adam Jonas – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate that, and just finally, you’ve been looking for new head of global marketing for about six or seven months. We believe you’re still interviewing candidates from outside the Company, how is that going, is there still a unified head of global marketing job to be filled or are you moving back to global brand has instead, so that there is no longer really relevant, and in that vein, we’re still on track for the $2 billion of savings from commonwealth as a result of potentially reconsidering your global marketing strategy? Thanks.
