Chuck Stevens: Yeah, I would certainly suggest that with the recent fuel prices and strength in full-size SUVs, full-size trucks and crossovers that mix will be a tailwind in 2015 and better than what we expected back in October, again given what transpire with fuel prices. I think there is also, as we talked before Rod is we cycled through the first year launch of trucks and SUVs where the year-over-year impact falls into pricing. We are going to see more of that show up in mix in 2015 versus 2014 as well.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah, let me start with 2014 overall, when we look at overhead, fixed costs, structural costs, whatever we want to call it, relatively flat in ‘14 versus ‘13, as we took actions around the world. As we indicated back at the conference in January, we would expect to see overhead costs up on a year-over-year basis and the primary driver of that is incremental engineering and incremental marketing as we head into our very strong launch cadence in the latter part of 2015 and 2016. And I would say that that’s prevalent from a North American and a European perspective primarily.
Chuck Stevens: No significant change from what we discussed in January. We indicated in January that we’re monitoring the situation very closely. We still expect the industry to be up year-over-year somewhere in the range of 5% to 8%, call it 25.5 million to 26 million units. Our inventory position actually is in really good shape right now. Through the month of January and early February, we are down below our target days on hand at a dealer level. So our expectations are still consistent with what we talked before. Industry growth will continue to grow our revenue and we will maintain our net income margins in the 9% to 10% range, resulting in higher equity income.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. I would say this we are running pretty hard right now from a capacity utilization perspective. We do have opportunities at a system level from a capacity perspective primarily in double cabs. We continue to work very, very hard on a day-to-day basis with the supply base and our manufacturing to increase capacity. On crew cabs, we’ve got capacity on heavy duties as well. So we think, obviously, there is some production upside in the system and again, we’re working to eliminate any bottlenecks. As I think about the overall opportunity John, it’s not just volume, there’s also mix, where customer demand increases for trucks. There’s an opportunity to up-sell from a mix perspective. And ultimately, in the overall supply and demand equation, we’ll be looking at price and that was one of the reasons why back in October and again in January, I said that, we thought that the truck pricing environment was going to moderate in 2015.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. I’ve rather not get into those specific. That’s a bit competitive dynamic there that we like -- I would just suggest that, if the industry segment runs at 12.3% to 12.5% and the industry is in the range that we expected to $16.5 million to $17 million, we will have system-wide capacity to build a deal with that.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. First, the result in the fourth quarter is not run rate. I mean, there was some investment for growth and taking provisions as you bring on new loans have a bit of a tail on it before you started to get the full benefit of the income. So there is some timing there. There is a significant portion of the variance on a year-over-year basis were some nonrecurring items. I go back again to what we talked about in January, we expect GMF profitability as we ramp up our capability to be flat on a year-over-year basis in ‘15 versus ‘14. And then we’ll start to see the incremental benefit of the growth in their portfolio, the growth in their originations in ‘16 and beyond. Relative to any capital calls on the auto company. We certainly don’t anticipate any in this growth plan. We went through that and that’s going to all be self-funded from GMF. We run a number of scenarios including downside risk scenarios and again, minimal to none on a go-forward basis, John.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. Sure. Overall, from a recall perspective, including the Feinberg compensation program, we accrued roughly $3.2 billion that showed up and impacted our P&L in 2014. We made about $1.6 billion of cash payments in 2014 associated with that, which means we have a carry-on into 2015 of a further -- 2015 and beyond $1.6 billion. As we indicated in January, we expect to incur about $1.2 billion of cash costs in 2015 associated with those accruals that we took in 2014 and then the balance would bleed out into 2016. A lot of its dependent on timing of getting the vehicles repaired, et cetera. In addition to that, we highlighted that there was going to be an overflow into 2015 associated with restructuring expense recall. We booked a $1 billion of restructuring expense against the P&L in 2014. We anticipated roughly $300 million of that flowing over into 2015. So between the two, about a $1.5 billion broad strokes Brian rolling over from ‘14 into ‘15.
Chuck Stevens: Well, yeah, what I specifically said was, our objective and our focus is to drive shareholder value and shareholder returns, evidenced by the intended increase in the dividend. And then looking beyond the first half of the year, we have a number of open items that we still need to get clarity around related to the recall. Separate from these issues that we just talk about, Brian, this is ongoing litigation and other issues. And to the extent that we get clarity and understand what those issues are and the potential impact from a cash perspective, we could be in a position in the second half of the year, where we would evaluate further returns of capital to shareholders and that’s something we continuously monitor and evaluate.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. Sure. A big portion of the $9 billion is associated with our products that we’re going to be launching at the tailend of ‘15 and into ‘16 and ‘17. And when you look at what we talked about from a margin expansion perspective, North America 10% margins, Europe profitability, we indicated that the next-generation Cruze, next-generation Malibu, the Corsa, the Astra and some of these other products will going to be more profitable than the vehicles that they replace. So the return on a big portion of this capital, which is portfolio related, will start to see roll through in ‘16 and ‘17. And if you add up the guidance we provided for 2016, you quickly get to overall consolidated margins that are much more robust than we are today and that’s really the return for that investment.
Chuck Stevens: What I said before in our outlook hasn’t changed on that. We would expect on a go-forward basis, as we move through a number of the items that Mary talked about both portfolio, fuel-efficient technologies, advanced proportion and other innovations that our capital spending would be around industry average, call it 5.5% in net sales just to provide some broad guidance on that.
Chuck Stevens: Probably, it’s the same issue. Adjusting starting-from price, which at the end of day helps from a digital Internet shopping perspective but fundamentally very-very low penetration levels on those models.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. Sure. I’ll answer the first part first. One, one big driver year-over-year is the absence of Chevrolet Europe losses. So, I’m not going to get into the specifics of that, but that’s one of the drivers in the improvement ‘15 versus ‘14. Second, full year of full-size pickups and full-size utilities in the Middle East, and third, just continuing to drive efficiency in the core operations and the rest of consolidated operations. And I think you saw that if you looked at the results during 2014 quarter-in quarter-out, the results got better, still little loss, but the results got better. And we would expect to see that ex-restructuring in 2015 as well. Relative to what happens to the capacity associated with the Chevrolet Europe volume, most of that came out of Korea. And when you look at what we are doing to fill that and the opportunities to fill it, it’s really with other global products like small SUVs the Encore, the Mocha, the Chevrolet Trax and driving efficiency and continue to drive efficiency in Korea. So this is obviously an ongoing set of actions that the international team are executing to.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. Clearly, as you saw from the calendar year results, it was a significant headwind in 2014. We are largely able to offset that through pricing and other actions, as we started this year, further weakening of these currencies will again be a challenge. But when I look at it across the globe, I generally -- the transaction impact is offsetting with the exception of the Russian ruble that’s the biggest concern that we have thus far. And the team continues to take actions to offset that. So as I think about it from a big picture perspective, I think we’re in a pretty good position to manage the FX exposure without changing our view of the year. And again, the proof-of-point is we’re able to do that last year and get after it and we’ll do the same thing in 2015.
Chuck Stevens: Yes. Sure. Number one, significant improvement from product and when I talk about product, two different buckets. Product refreshes, so replacement of current models like the Cruze, Malibu, Equinox, Terrain. We indicated back in October that each of those vehicles would be more than a $1,000 per unit more profitable than the vehicles they’re replacing. Next between cost efficiencies, as well as price and then new entries like the mid-sized truck for instance and Cadillac entries that we’ll be adding to the portfolio, which are accretive to volume share and profitability. So that’s the product portfolio piece of it. And then of what we call adjacencies or business model leverage, we think there’s significant opportunity going forward between now and ‘16 and beyond for customer care and after sales expanding our reach in the value chain in the F&I area, OnStar with monetizing 4G LTE. So those are the big drivers of going from -- think about it 2014 kind of ex recalls 9% to 10% in 2016. Those are the big drivers to pickup that net 100 basis point improvement. Clearly, the first two will be more than 100 basis points because we are going to have is we’ve talked about before some overhead headwinds associated with engineering and marketing, but net those out and that’s how you go from 9% to 10%.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. I think it’s important there is seasonality in that. If you look at the fourth quarter net income margins this year versus last year, they are up 110 basis points. So 8.7% versus 7.6% from a China net income margin perspective. For the year, we are at 9.8% which is up three times of a percent year-over-year. And as we talked about the dynamics in the China market before and how we are going to maintain 9% to 10% EBIT margins. We indicated that volume and mix would be favorable material performance with partially offset price and we expected kind of fixed cost to increase as we continue to invest. The biggest driver if I net it all that out is really mix and that’s going to be driven in maintaining margins. And that’s going to be driven by nine new SUVs that we are launching and in a process of launching including the Chevrolet Trax, which is doing very well, the Buick Envision, which is doing very well as well as filling out and growing Cadillac. So that’s how we are going to attack and maintain those 9% to 10% margins.
Chuck Stevens: It’s primarily legal related expense and that falls into the corporate sector. So for the year and we’ve talked about this before, we expected and actually incurred about $300 million in year-over-year increase in legal expense and that’s one other things that we expect to continue into 2015 as well.
Chuck Stevens: Certainly versus our original expectations, it would have -- it would be a tailwind both commodity prices and fuel prices. And when you think about the magnitude assuming that fuel prices to stay with -- for the rest of the year, we are talking $200 million to $300 million at the top end of the opportunity range there
Chuck Stevens: Sure. If you look at 2014 versus 2013, the net headwind from a Russian perspective and European results was about $200 million on a year-over-year basis. As I think about 2015 the kind of the local fix costs left unattended are about $250 million. So if we produce zero vehicles and generated zero variable profit and took no action, there could be a $200 million to $250 million headwind from a local fixed cost perspective. Obviously, our objective is to offset that to the extent possible with cost reductions, which we continue to do hence the suspension of manufacturing and the 1000 people that we’ve taken out of St. Petersburg but as well as pricing. But just sizing up the kind of potential exposure on a year-over-year basis, Ryan, I would call it $200 million or less.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. The mix was favorable in 2014 versus 2013. Again headline we grew share and profit margins. And one of the reasons we grew share was we introduced a number of new products, especially in the SUV’s segment, where we had to had some gaps from a portfolio on the competitive perspective. And again the same dynamics in 2015 were present in 2014. Volume mix were favorables. The net pricing dynamic in China is and has been a headwind and will continue to be a headwind. Material performance and carryover products partially offsets the net price and generally our fixed costs have been going up as we’ve been expanding in an increasing capacity. But the volume mix impact fundamentally offsetting price and fixed cost.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. Let me talk about the general dynamic in South Africa first. Not only, have we been working hard to offset the impact of FX in economics with pricing but we continue to drive efficiencies throughout the business from a cost perspective as well. I would suggest that generally from a Venezuelan and Argentinian perspective, we can recover any FX movement and any economic impact inflation. And we demonstrated the ability to do that over the past number of years. Brazil is a little bit different dynamic. So I’m keeping a very close eye on what’s happening with the real and our ability to recover that completely. Historically, we haven’t been able to get it completely offset that headwind with pricing. And that’s something we’re going to have to monitor. Obviously, it’s weaker than what we expected thus far. From a Venezuela standpoint, our facts and circumstances would dictate that currently we control our operations. We have some control over operations. We were able to take advantage of currency releases and participate in the currency markets in 2014 to secure hard currency to order product. We settled and got a labor agreement. And in the fourth quarter, we’ve been producing vehicles, producing and selling. And until those facts and circumstances change, we’re in a position where we’re actually controlling the business. But that’s something that we monitor very, very closely. And if those things change, further volatility, unavailability of currency, or otherwise, that’s something we will have to revaluate.
Chuck Stevens: As I indicated, we incurred roughly $300 million of recall-related legal expenses in 2014. And we would expect that kind of pace plus or minus to continue in 2015.
Chuck Stevens: I’ll give you a general breakdown of that. About something less than $100 million in South America, a range of $100 million to $200 million potentially in North America, and then the vast majority will be in international operations, primarily related to Holden and the previously announced action to cease manufacturing operations and some restructuring activities in Korea associated with alining capacity with demand around the world, somewhat related to the Chevrolet Europe wind down.
Chuck Stevens: If I was going to model the cadence, I would look at the last two or three years earnings cadence and look at that and Q1 will be generally the weakest quarter of the year. Just based on from a seasonal perspective, Q2 will be the strongest and Q3 and Q4 will be about average.
Chuck Stevens: That’s correct. The $700 million assuming that we execute all these restructurings and actually make the payments in 2015, that’s the assumption, plus the $300 million overhang from 2014.
Chuck Stevens: Yes. Number one, first and foremost, is owning the customer. This is all about customer relationship and driving improves the loyalty. And what we’ve found and I’m not saying it’s specific to Ally, but in other lease providers, at the conclusion of lease their objectives may not be the same as ours. Our objective is to get that person another General Motors vehicle and maintain that relationship and own that customer. So this is 100% around loyalty and customer ownership.
Mary Barra: Yeah. I would say, first of all, on thrifting, we’re always looking at that impact. We’ve got quite a few initiative and driver from a global perspective, so both from a supplier vendor tooling perspective and the capital that goes into our plan. So we review that in great detail and are continuing to work on initiative to take that down. But then when you look at it, I think of it in three buckets. One is new products that are within our existing portfolio and look at in some of the technology that we’re driving into the vehicles for industry leading fuel efficiency, as well as autonomous and connectivity, making sure we’re making the right investments with a customer focus there. And then the third impact or the third bucket I look at is, we believe there is opportunity in segments we’re not in around the globe that we’ll generate the right return and can enhance our brands and enhance our market position. So looking at those three buckets and again it’s an area, I ran in the company at one point in my career, there is an intense focus on that and we’ll seize every opportunity.
Mary Barra: I don’t know specifically what you’re referring to, if you’re referring to Cadillac, what they fundamentally did was reposition option packages and content. When I look at carryover pricing in North America, I indicated in the past that we expect it to be flat to slightly a headwind in 2015. As we cycle through the full-size truck and SUV dynamic and actually, we are in the last year of a number of our products that we talked about before Cruze, Malibu and others. So the specific actions from a Cadillac perspective, was really adjusting packaging content and the starting-form price to the entry-level vehicle and not the whole line up of Cadillac products. And we do that quite often, when we look at, trying to make sure that we’ve got the content lined up with what the customers want.
Mary Barra: Thank you very much, Operator. And thanks everybody for participating on the call and for your questions. As we move forward, you can expect us to keep the same intense focus on results that we demonstrated through 2014. And with this focus, we expect to deliver improved performance in all of our automotive regions this year. It’s key to meeting our 2016 objectives, including the 10% EBIT-adjusted margins in North America, profitability in Europe and continued strong margins in China. And it will also keep us on track to deliver EBIT-adjusted margins in the 9% to 10% range early next decade. Our intention is to increase second quarter -- our intention to increase second quarter dividend is the first step in our goal to maximize long-term shareholder value through both return of capital and stock price appreciation. So now I would close by saying thanks again for your participation. I appreciate your time, and hope everyone has a good day.
