Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Itay, we'll have more to say on – at the Deutsche Bank Conference in January, specifically around the details on how we see earnings shaping up in 2017, but with that said, absent an unforeseen economic development either in the U.S. or China, and we certainly don't foresee any, we would expect GM to deliver improved EPS diluted-adjusted in 2017, which is consistent with what we've been talking about for some time now.
Charles K. Stevens: Well. I would say, there is certainly a little uncertainty around the tax incentive, and the way that will – when that may end, and that's had an impact on the strength of the Chinese market calendar year-to-date. Absent some announcement by the government, we'd expect Q4 to be strong as well in the range of 9% to 10% up year-over-year. We've seen, so far in October the industry in sales continue to run very well. We still expect to see strong equity income consistent with our guidance to generate about $2 billion of equity income for the year, and pricing continues to be a significant challenge. We've been able to offset that on a year-to-date basis with improvements in mix and continued material cost efficiencies. So it feels to me kind of more of the same in the fourth quarter, consistent with what we've seen in the first three quarters of the year.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, sure. Let me start kind of at 10,000 feet and work my way down a little bit. I already spoke to our inventory level, and we feel our inventory level is appropriate given our dealer footprint, and what's really driven the increase in inventory which is filling out inventory on newly launched products and new entries that we didn't have before like the CT6 or the Envision as an example. And continuing to work on inventory for our compact crossover so that we have sufficient supply as we look to change those models over in 2017. From a pricing incentive perspective, clearly the market in general is getting more competitive and there is some aggressiveness from a truck perspective, but I step back and look at the overall strength of our three-truck strategy, the light duty, heavy duty and mid-size trucks, we've been able to maintain discipline around that, grow retail share and increase our transaction prices in spite of some of this, and I think, it's fundamentally driven by the very, very strong product, relative to the truck capacity coming on stream. We could sell more vehicles, if we have more vehicles from a truck perspective today, and hence one of the clear focus areas on the retail side of the business. You also need to peel the onion a bit on where are we – where is the industry actually adding capacity, is it in trucks, is it in SUVs, is it in crossovers, because again we believe we're well-positioned. We have dominant share in full-size SUVs and our full-size pickup trucks continue to perform very well. To your last point or how do we continue to see earnings be sustained from a North American standpoint, and I think, there's two or three fundamental drivers to that, Rod. Number one, we're running at different play and it's generating different results. We're very focused on retail in a very disciplined way. Our retail market share is up, we're less reliant on less profitable daily rental, and that's showing up in our results. We also have our very, very strong product launch cadence, so this year we fundamentally rolled over our entire passenger car portfolio, and next year we'll start the strong launch cadence of completely refreshing crossovers, small, compact and mid-size over the next 12 months to 18 months; and that's critical, that's a lot of volume, it's highly profitable and we expect to see that. We also expect to see continued improvements from a cost standpoint. North America fundamentally enjoys the large benefit of that $5.5 billion of cost efficiency, and as Mary indicated, we're looking to drive that even higher and that's going to be fundamentally from a material performance, logistics performance and we'll continue to streamline manufacturing and SG&A. Taking all that together, we're confident and constructive that under a plateaued industry environment that we can continue to sustain strong margins in North America like we have done over the past couple of years.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. We worked through the launch cadence of our recently launched products, we would expect overall production to be up in the fourth quarter marginally from the third quarter, and obviously what plays into that are the Christmas holidays and everything else, but we would expect production to be up. Relative to China and the specific questions around planning assumptions in China, we've been able to maintain strong equity income and strong margins through continuing to launch new products, improved mix, and material performance which is fundamentally offset price headwinds. Obviously, this year the industry is running stronger than we expected, because of some uncertainty around the purchase tax incentive, if that was to end and the government was to announce an end to that, our planning assumption would be that – there could be some volatility in maybe the first quarter and second quarter of next year, but then we would still expect the industry to continue on that growth path towards 30 million units and as we've talked before, a little bit more volatile growth pattern and in the kind of low single digit range over the next number of years, again it really depends on what's announced from the government's perspective, we have no insight on that. We certainly expect the pricing dynamic to continue and that's why we're so focused on our product launch cadence and I would say similar to the U.S., our product launch cadence in China is heavily weighted towards SUVs and crossovers over the next number of years as well as Cadillac products which is going to help from a mix standpoint. All that said, more to say in January around specifics, but we would expect China equity income to continue to be strong. We would expect margins over time to be compressed. They're at somewhat unnaturally high levels at from an industry perspective for the foreign OEMs, but still be generating strong overall equity income.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I think that you really need to peel the truck market down almost cab type by cab type and trim level by trim level, because price elasticity in our view becomes less relevant the more you move up from a trim level perspective and a cab level perspective. First, truck buyers are the most loyal of any customer. The loyalty rates of truck buyers are north of 60% and generally you are in the 50% range, so that's first, you are dealing with that aspect. Second, where there seems to be the most elasticity is at the very low end of the market. So, regular cab work type trucks and things like that, and I think that, you saw some of that play out last year when one of our competitors was very aggressive and we were losing share at the lower end, but still generating strong profits and good transaction price growth. And I think that's what we're seeing play out. So, I wouldn't paint the whole truck market pricing dynamic with one brush, you almost need to look and peel that onion back a layer or two layers. We're still performing exceptionally well up-level crew cab – our new up-level additions and higher trims that we're rolling out, and we've seen improved transaction prices and improved, actually, profitability on the current truck platform on a year-over-year basis and – despite some of the challenges at the lower end of the market.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. The industry was – and this is broad strokes, John, but I think directionally correct, in the 27%, 28% range, and we're a little bit lower than that from a leasing perspective in Q3. 24% for us, and that's down from highs earlier this year of close to 30%. So, typically we would be a few percentage points below the industry average just because of the mix, less trucks are leased. So – but that's kind of where the dynamic's at – and what we're seeing is, lease penetration at an industry level is up kind of the same amount that subvented financing is down, right. As the market is dealing with low interest rates and people are still looking for payments that they used to get through subvented financing.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. We did a lot of work around our original capital allocation framework in the targeted $20 billion of cash. We looked at the business. We looked at what it was going to take to run the business through the cycle, to ensure that we can continue to invest appropriately through the cycle, because that's one of the lessons learned, and to ensure that we could maintain the dividend through the cycle, through a typical 25% downturn. That is the basis for our targeted cash. We will continue to reevaluate that depending on market dynamics, but – and we do on a regular basis, but there was a lot of work to come up with that $20 billion. And fundamentally, we're making all the investments that we want to make from a capital spending perspective. We're making the investments we want to make from an innovation technology standpoint. And at the end of the day, $20 billion is what we really need to run this business and manage it through a cycle, maintain the dividends. So under that construct, what's available from a free cash flow perspective should come back to our owners, and we also have a revolver. Obviously, our intent was not to draw that in a downturn, but that's an emergency backstop in the event of some unforeseen issue or a deeper-than-typical downturn, and that's available to us as well.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Going back to our overall capital allocation framework. First and foremost, invest appropriately in the business through the cycle to drive, sustain 20% plus return on invested capital and invest in the future for technology and innovation. Second, maintain an investment grade balance sheet, and we're targeting to run the company at a single A rating, because we think that's the right thing to do from a financial risk management perspective and to support GM Financial, which will ultimately lead to significantly improved earnings at the finance company, but also at the car company. So, we don't – we feel today, when you look at our overall external debt and our – the position of our underfunded pensions, that we have the appropriate amount of leverage. We do not want to overlay financial leverage on top of operating leverage in this business, because that's another lesson learned from the last significant downturn that we went through.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Let me go back to what we talked about in July, because I think it was you that asked the question, Ryan, when we were talking about the $400 million impact in the second half of the year and you kept pushing me on, what's the calendar year impact. And I think I said early days, but an indication would be, take the $400 million and multiply it by two, right. A full year impact of the second half, pound sterling only, without a lot of insight on what was happening from an industry perspective and everything else. And I'll circle back to that in a minute, but I just wanted to kind of set the foundation for that $800 million. It wasn't a well-studied kind of guidance. It was a general directional answer to a conservation you and I were having on the last earnings call. We did guide to the second half impact of $400 million. We are holding to that guidance. What manifested itself was $100 million in the third quarter. So, that would leave a residual $300 million in the fourth quarter on the basis of our crystal ball today on where we're landing from a pound sterling perspective. The reason, it was more backend loaded, obviously, we had some hedges in places that helped in the third quarter to mitigate that to a certain extent. And the pound is we can further, since we provided that guidance. So, we still expect, for the second half of the year, in the range of $400 million headwind associated with Brexit, primarily related to the pound sterling and that's primarily now a fourth quarter issue, about $300 million of that residual would fall into the fourth quarter, which will certainly make our challenge of breakeven in Europe very, very difficult especially when you think about the seasonality of earnings and everything else. Just looking at the pound sterling impact itself. Pick an exchange rate, at the end of Q2, we were at $1.28, $1.29. The last I checked this morning, we are at $1.22. There is a several hundred million dollar headwind on our long pound sterling position that in and of itself in 2017 if I was picking a point today would be significant. But there are number of actions that we're working through with the European team to mitigate as much of that as we can. More to come, in January, but certainly the environment in Europe is challenging and uncertain, and very volatile at this point in time. From an industry standpoint, I agree with you that performance in Western Europe has been strong and strong through the third quarter and frankly it was even strong in the UK, but again when you look at the sales, there were a lot of fleet sales in Q3, a lot of very unprofitable fleet sales in Q3. We didn't necessarily participate in it, but there is a lot of inventory being kind of unloaded. I would expect and we still expect to see the industry pull back as we exit this year and go into next year to a certain extend as OEM start to price. We raised prices 2.5% on October 1, our intelligence suggests Volkswagen followed, not to that full level, but followed as well. And that – in and of itself along with consumer sentiment issues should – will drive some pullback from an industry standpoint. So, we'll have to see how that plays out.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I would say, our approach in all of our operations, including the consolidated operation is to put in place, a path to drive these businesses to viability and appropriate returns, and if not to take action. And exiting manufacturing in Australia was one of those. We should be through that by the end of 2017, all else equal that would be worth a $100 million to $150 million a year in savings from a manufacturing cost perspective once we exit that activity. Again scheduled at the end of 2017. We've already exited or significantly downsized our vehicle manufacturing, car manufacturing activity in Thailand. We ceased manufacturing in Indonesia. I would suggest we are looking at all of our operations there and as we've indicated in the Q, there could be additional significant restructurings, depending on whether we can identify the path forward, because we're just not going to absorb the kinds of losses that we've seen there on an ongoing basis. So, I would suggest there is likely more actions to come.
Charles K. Stevens: So we funded that with debt, so you just add the $2 billion, so the $3.2 billion you get $5.2 billion of free cash flow ex-pension contribution.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. First, just, let's go back to the pension just to be clear, that was a debt-for-debt funding, right. And for display purposes, on a GAAP basis, it's taking out of operating cash flow, obviously free cash flow would add back in because it's debt-for-debt. So the $5.2 billion is the right adjusted free cash flow number and consistent with our $6 billion target free cash flow at the end of the year and that's what we'll apply to our capital allocation framework. When you look at our overall difference between EPS and cash, obviously, we have cash taxes, and that's going to be and have been roughly $1 billion a year. Capital spending is higher than D&A, because we've underspent for a number of years and it's going to take a while to catch that up. And pensions; at the end of the day, we have pension income that is non-cash that gets reversed. So I would say that, as we look forward, the way I think about it is our conversion ratio should improve on a go-forward basis, because incremental EBIT is highly levered to cash flow on a go-forward basis and that's what I've talked about before.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, over time, there will be puts and takes. D&A is going to obviously catch up, and our cash tax rates or our ultimate cash tax payment will increase versus where we are today over time, and we'll start to accrue GMF dividends. But over the next two years or three years, it's going to be operational improvement and leverage.
Charles K. Stevens: So we expect sequentially 2016 Q4 versus 2016 Q3 to be up slightly, maybe 3% on a FUS basis, right, our factory unit sale basis, which would be production plus imports versus 2015 Q4, it looks like we'll be up 150,000 units or so, all things equal, on the basis of our outlook right now.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I guess I would just look at the trend year-to-date. The trend year-to-date is that the industry, the incentive spend as a percentage of transaction price through the first three quarters of the year is up on a year-over-year basis. Off the top of my head, 60 basis points to 70 basis points, so somewhere from a 10.6% to 11.3%, we're generally in that range as well, maybe 11.4%. I would expect, and you're right, typically, depending on how the model changes are going for all of the competition, Q4 has a tendency to ramp down a little bit, because you've launched the new model of your vehicles, for us specifically, because we're in really good shape from that perspective, but we'd expect the industry broadly to follow that same trend. But I'd also expect on a year-over-year basis, it will be up, consistent with what's happened in the first nine months of the year.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, one, we'll have more specific guidance on beyond 2016 in January, but generally speaking, we would expect to generate strong cash flow over the next number of years, and we haven't changed our perspective on that. And this year's $6 billion is, we're on track to deliver that. Relative to this, the second question, and I'll let Mary speak to it as well. But free cash flow is after we make investments and everything else. So, obviously, if we expect to continue to maintain strong cash flow, that's after we've funded investments in autonomous or engineering for autonomous or future technologies, just as – broadly speaking.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I kind of figured that was your question. And I'm not quite ready to – think we're ready to go out and start to saying, we're investing X on autonomous vehicle or future technology engineering, because you got to kind of – what technology are you speaking to specifically? I would suggest, versus the previous plan as we really started to ramp up. Our activities around autonomous vehicles, the amount that we're spending does not have a B attached to it.
Mary Teresa Barra: Sure. We are making great progress on the autonomous development. As I mentioned, we have a fleet now running, not only in San Francisco, but also in Scottsdale, so 30 vehicles on the road. And that's important because it's not just the miles, but it's really the experiences and the scenarios that they continue to learn every day and I'm very pleased with the team's performance. As we look at launching autonomous into the marketplace, we believe it will first happen in a controlled environment, in a ride-sharing environment, hence the alliance that we did with Lyft, as well as the work that we're doing with Maven. But as we see it going into ride sharing, that's because it will be geo-fenced, you're going to have limitations with speed and other limitations, and that's why the ownership will stay with the company in these first models as we continue to learn. And so, that path is very much on track, but I will say what is going to gate our launching of autonomous vehicles into the marketplace for consumers is safety. And we are working very hard with the experience that we have to do that in the safest manner possible because it does then really address the issues that we have of over 90% of fatalities in today – in today's U.S. streets are human error. And so, we think we can make a big dent on that so we'll be gated by safety, but once we feel that we've got the right system, we're working with our regulators, we have the scale to put those vehicles into production extremely quickly.
Mary Teresa Barra: So, Adam, we don't really disclose that type of pricing from a technology perspective. What I would say is if you look at our vehicles, there's tremendous safety features on them already, whether it's airbags or the lane detection, emergency braking, rear object detection, and even when you back up from a perpendicular perspective. And a lot of the technologies on the vehicle today that we have put on and offset to a large extent the technology for safety are finding cost improvements, material cost improvements and just overall design and efficiency of the vehicle. And the way I look at it is all this technology is making the driver safer today on the roads. We'll continue on that journey, but I think the real step function happens with autonomous, because you really then get to a point, again, if you've implemented autonomous very safely and really understand all the dynamics that will happen, there's an infinite number of situations that drivers and our vehicles will see and how you respond to those is going to be critical. That's where you get the step function improvement. So I don't see it as it's $300 gets you this, $500 gets you this. That's not really the way we look at it. We continue to look at how do we incorporate the safety technology into the vehicle, looking at affordability today, and I would call that the evolutionary path, and then autonomous is more of the revolutionary path, and we're working to drive those costs down, but again we have ensured those in detail.
Mary Teresa Barra: So clearly, we believe that China is going to lead in the penetration of electric vehicles into the market, and that's why we've announced that we have 10 new energy vehicles coming out. I would say we're also the only OEM that actually manufactures batteries in-country right now. Clearly, we have the strength of the products that we have available to sell globally, with the second generation Volt as well as the Bolt EV and the Ampera-e, along with many other electrified products in China. So we definitely see that trend. I think one of the things, though, and this is where we also have an advantage with our PATAC Engineering Center, that we can really leverage the supply base and that volume in China to really help us globally from a electrification perspective, and we intend to do that. I would also say, from a European perspective, we definitely are seeing more of a move, and we'll be announcing the Ampera-e next year that, with some of the different issues associated with emissions, there is a much stronger interest and focus on electrification. We clearly think the highest market will be China. I think we'll see progress in both the U.S. and Europe. I would also say, though, we've got some very good diesel products that we're launching, both cars and trucks, that are getting very good market reception. And so I think it's too soon to exactly call how the penetration is going to be, but definitely probably more significant than we thought maybe a year or two ago. And clearly, we've got to get the scale and get the engineering work done, that we can have minimal impact from a margin perspective.
Mary Teresa Barra: Again, there's so many issues that have to be resolved to be able to say who is going to be first. Not only is it getting safe technology deployed – and I think we're in a excellent position, that we intend to be among the first or the first with safe autonomous vehicles. And then we do have the capacity to build those at scale. But you have to look at how the regulatory environment will impact around the globe, and in China, there are certain restrictions to mapping technology as well. So I think there is a lot to play out to right now call who is going to lead.
Mary Teresa Barra: And I would also say, the efficiencies that we're seeing when you can reuse our contextures that we have on – that are launching or have on the road right now and you look at the development costs to do the next-generation architecture versus reusing, that's all as I mentioned, investment that can be redeployed in the transformative technology.
Mary Teresa Barra: Great, thanks. Thanks, everybody, for participating. I hope you can see we are working hard to make sure the core business is operating in a very disciplined fashion and we have the opportunity for continued strong performance. And that is key because we are then investing in the transformative technologies that we've just talked about, building on our leading connectivity, building on the strong options that we have in the marketplace now and we'll continue to launch with the Volt, with Bolt EV and with other electrification products, as well as our work in fuel cells. We are being very aggressive from an autonomous perspective and leveraging the knowledge that we have to do that safely, and then also from a sharing perspective with both the alliance with Lyft and with Maven. So we understand this is a ever-challenging global marketplace, but I hope that you see that we are a very focused and disciplined leadership team and we're going to continue to execute our plans and drive profitable growth. I really appreciate everybody participating today and I look forward to talking to you next year.
