Mary Barra: Thanks, Kyle. I appreciate the update and all the work the team is doing at Cruise. So before I turn the call over to Paul, I want to encourage all of you to join our Investor Day on November 17. We plan to use this time to go deeper into the second phase of our EV growth strategy. Phase 1 was focused on technology innovation, specifically the development of our proprietary Ultium and Ultifi platforms. Phase 2 is the rapid scaling of our product portfolio based on Ultium and Ultifi while leveraging ICE vehicles to maintain strong margins. And in Phase 3, we'll drive rapid revenue and margin growth across the entire ecosystem through software-defined vehicles, crews and other initiatives to create a flat-wheel effect. Phase 2 has already begun and Mark Reuss, Doug Parks, Travis Katz, Paul and I will show you how it accelerates through 2025. We will include KPIs to help you track our EV progress, including margin improvement. Then in the first half of 2023, we are playing a deep dive into our software-defined vehicle strategy to show you how we will leverage Ultifi to help expand revenue and margin. We also plan to share new details about the expansion of Super Cruise, the launch of Ultra Cruise and other high-return technology initiatives. Both events are going to be exciting and compelling. With that said, I'll turn the call over to Paul. Thank you.
Mary Barra: Well, John, I think, overall, we're going to remain disciplined. I do think there's an opportunity to drive strong margins. We're seeing it right now with the mix, for instance, on full-size trucks. Consumers continue to want a very high mix. We think that, that will translate also into EV. And as we move forward in the EV launch and have our battery plants operating and get to scale and continuing to make the battery improvements, we see, again, that's another level to have strong margins. And then sitting on top of that is, from a software perspective. And then, overall, beyond, I'll say, the traditional new vehicle sales, the work that we'll have with CarBravo as well as the growth businesses around GM Defense, BrightDrop and Cruise, I think there's quite a lot of upside from a margin perspective in the company. But to drill into the specific, we will be disciplined as possible. And the reason I say as disciplined as possible, we also do have to be responsive to what the competitive environment is. But I think we have -- I think there's -- as an industry, we've learned a lot over this last couple of years of how we can be more efficient between ourselves and the dealers and how we can make sure we're serving the customer in an efficient way.
Mary Barra: Sure, Joe. Well, one, I think we had a very aggressive launch plan when we started to build the plant. Let's step back and recognize that the Ohio plant is the size of 30 football fields, and it will employ over 1,000 people. Making sure we had all our people there and trained has taken a little longer than expected. Also, this is the first facility that we're working with LGES, and we're working together effectively to really leverage not only the expertise that LGES has, but what GM brings. And so there's no one thing, but it has just taken a little longer to make sure that we're able to produce with quality. I'm very confident in the team and how they're working together. And I think we're in that ramp, but because it's taken a little bit longer. Also from the battery pack assembly as well, both of those, as we've ramped up are taking a little bit longer. And that's why instead of hitting the 400,000 mark at the end of 2023, it's going to seep into 2024. But with everything that we're learning, it gives me great confidence that we're going to be able to start plant two, three and beyond on time. And I have greater confidence in our ability to scale to the 1 million units of annual EV capacity in 2025 in the US and similarly in China. So it really is just that first plant up and going, recognize the size and complexity of it. But I'm really proud of the team of where they're at right now.
Mary Barra: Sure. Well, just to maybe touch on that last point. We believe we are very well positioned. And we think we're waiting for the treasury rules to be finalized, but we think it will accomplish. So it positions us with our strong EV portfolio covering the important segments to really drive affordability to spur adoption. So, overall, we feel very well positioned. But if you look at it right now, over the 10-year life cycle of the credit, we will offer a number of models in the segments and price ranges that will be eligible for the full $7,500 credit. And for us, many of these are going to be high-volume entries. We do think some of the vehicles will be eligible for the $3,750 credits starting in January, and then we'll ramp toward full qualification across the broad portfolio in two to three years as some of the different supply comes online in North America or in the United States. We also think there's a significant opportunity to potentially leverage the tax credit of up to $45 per kilowatt hour with respect to battery cells and battery modules produced in the US. So that's another opportunity where, again, I think, we're better positioned than most because of our aggressive plan to get the battery plants and the pack assembly in this country. And then, we do think we see an opportunity for our suppliers to leverage a tax credit for up to 10% of the cost of the US source battery electrode active materials, starting in January of next year. So that's just a little bit more color. Again, we'll have vehicles that are in the right MSRP range to qualify. So when you look at it overall, there's the commercial incentives also that will support BrightDrop in the fleet and rental car. There's the used EV purchase incentive that we think will support EV resell values. And again, we have CarBravo. And then the elements from a manufacturing granted loans. So that's just a little bit of the detail. Again, we're waiting for the final rules from treasury, but I think you can see this will really go a long way to helping us drive affordable EVs and drive our profitability, while even hitting some of the lower MSRPs.
Mary Barra: I think, yes, that's a fair assumption. And then remember, as we start to scale, we do have a line of credit for the vehicles from GM Financial.
Mary Barra: Yes, Emmanuel. So because of the Ultium platform, we really have a lot of flexibility. So the cells coming from Ultium, which are now in production, will be flowing first to support HUMMER production. And we have over 90,000 orders there. And then LYRIQ, which we have really strong interest in both -- the two model years were already sold out for the availables and we have strong interest. But then as we get into next year, they'll be spread across also Silverado, Blazer and Equinox EVs for Chevrolet and some of our other models. So we will allocate them across all of those somewhat based on demand and as each of those plants ramp. And we'll make that somewhat dynamically as we go next year, but we'll spread them across all of those vehicles. And, again, this is just a slight shift in the acceleration as we get into 2024, because we'll have a plant coming online next year and the following year, you're going to see a steeper ramp. And that's what gives me great confidence in getting to the million units by 2025.
Mary Barra: I think we've covered most of this. I'll start, Paul, and then if you want to add anything. I mean, again, we're still seeing very strong demand. I think what's specific to GM is, we have a very strong truck portfolio. If you look at what we have right now, we've refreshed the light-duty trucks. We have now not only the heavy duties coming out early next year, but we also have an all-new midsize truck. So I think that puts us in a very strong position with trucks. Regardless of what the environment is, I think we're going to have a very strong offering from a customer perspective and choice across the full range of those vehicles. We are still seeing strong ATPs, but we're watching carefully to see if and when they moderate, also balancing against incentives. We're going to continue, we think, to see some semiconductor challenges and, I'll say, overall challenges from the supply base. It's still very tight when you look at how long we've been running at that. Even a small hiccup usually has an impact. And so we're going to continue to work those issues, but we see that improving as well. So I think the big thing that we're looking at is what will demand be. There's still a lot of different predictions on what the economic situation will be. But I think, overall, from where we are from a low inventory perspective, strong product offering. And I think we're well positioned to manage through it. I don't know, Paul, if you want to add anything.
Mary Barra: In China, I think we're -- as we now have the LYRIQ, we started offering the LYRIQ in September, and we'll have the Buick Ultium-based product. Those are two very important brands that we do well in China. I think we'll continue to see strength in the Hong Guang MINI EV. So I think the real opportunity for us in China is to now, with the products we have, grow our EV portfolio while maintaining our cost. And we'll look to see how the company or the country does from an economic perspective. But we have a strong portfolio coming from an EV perspective, and I'm really proud of what the team is doing in light of volatile and different headwinds that they face, especially with some of the COVID situation.
Mary Barra: Yes. We think, out of the gate, we're going to be eligible for the $3,750, and we'll ramp to have full qualification in the next two to three years, getting up to the $7,500. So -- which positions us well to be eligible for the complete credit from the consumer perspective. The $7,500 one through the 10 years, it just takes a couple of years to ramp up based on our expectations with the supply moves that we've already made. And then, as I mentioned, there's also the -- to leverage the tax credit of up to $45 per kilowatt hour with battery cells and battery modules produced in the US. Again, we're well positioned there. And then the commercial incentives, I think, are going to be very important, especially with BrightDrop, our fleet and rental car. So those opportunities, as well as use used EV purchase incentives as well. So, again, we're waiting to see what treasury does from a rule perspective, but those are just a few of the opportunities we think we're well positioned for and, frankly, better than most.
Mary Barra: Well, thank you, Madison. And I just have a couple of comments to close the call. First and foremost, I hope everyone is hearing that the entire team is focused on meeting our commitments and just driving results that support the rapid scaling of our EV business and driving continued strong margins. I think over the last two years, especially, we've demonstrated resiliency and the ability to manage headwinds, many times that have even been stronger than we've seen in the past. And going forward, we'll continue to show that agility and resiliency and adjust whenever we need to do what we need to do to stay on track. And so I'm very confident of our transformation that's underway, and I think next year is a big year for us. You'll hear at our Investor Day in November much more about the EV strategy, including the KPIs. So I hope you will attend. And Paul, Kyle, Dan and I thank you for the questions today, and we look forward to seeing many of you there, and again, couldn't be more committed to where we are, clearly in execution mode from a GM perspective with our EV/AV strategy. So thank you, everyone. Have a good day.
Paul Jacobson: Apologies. Well, thanks for that question, John. So we're watching this very, very closely as we've said, looking at dealer turn times, looking at grounded stock. As we've talked about, logistics remain a bit of a challenge for us, whether it's vehicles that are completed, waiting transit to dealers, or even some vehicles that we've had some challenges getting across the next quarter from our facilities down there. So a lot of this inventory still is in transit. The grounded inventory, we continue to speak to our dealers. They say demand is really strong, and many dealers are saying that the only time vehicle sit there when a buyer opts out of a transaction they already had. And it's not very long before they go through their list and find somebody to purchase them. So this is something that we're watching very closely. I think there's a little bit of a surge right now as we complete the vehicles that were partially built at the end of June. But we watch this. We're seeing no signs of concern in the short run.
Paul Jacobson: Well, Joe, I think when you look at our historical spend rates, we tend to have CapEx that -- it's a little bit back-loaded from that standpoint. And I think we're still on track for the $9 billion to $10 billion going forward this year. As we look at the future years, obviously, we've had some pretty steep acceleration in EV volumes, et cetera. And we'll provide some more updates at Investor Day. But I think we're well within our ability to fund our expansion, our transformation through internally generated funds when you look at the health of the business. And I think when you look at cash balance, when you look at cash flows, when you look at our ability to repurchase some shares during the quarter, that signals our confidence about being able to balance the spending, be aggressive where we can, as you've seen us over the last couple of years, but also keep that balanced within our means. And you're going to continue to see that from us.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Thanks, Rod. So, I think, it's obviously -- we've seen some increases in inventory, but that's not a surprise. I think, we wholesaled rounding off rounding to 1 million vehicles during the quarter, as evidence of both producing and clearing out the vehicles that hadn't been finished in June. So, I think, we're working through that right now. I think, it's too soon to conclude anything about trends. We do know that there's a lot of pent-up demand from the last couple of years as evidenced by both MSRPs as well as what turn rates have been doing. So we're watching all of that closely, but I haven't come to any conclusions about any softening or any demand that's occurred today. I think as you look at the dealer statistics as well as GMF, the people that are clamoring to get in our vehicles and still see high demand, particularly for the full-size trucks and SUVs.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, nothing specific today, Rod. I mean, keep in mind that obviously, when you look across all of the commodities, they've come off their highs, which will benefit some tailwind next year. As it relates to steel, remember, we've got a portfolio approach where some is on spot rate, some are on term contracts. We benefited from that as steel was spiking over the last couple of years, but you'll see some lag, particularly in steel from some of those multiyear contracts, which is fine over the long-term. But it won't provide as big of a tailwind next otherwise would. So we'll get more detail on that as we give full year 2023 guidance later, but nothing specific now.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Good morning, Itay. So I didn't necessarily say that it was going to be flat. I said it was going to be some going forward. We already do know about some pressure that's likely to hit next year from pension accounting. Keep in mind that while the funded status hasn't changed, just the differentiation of a very different rate environment is going to cause some headwinds on the pension side. We'll know more as rates settle out at the end of the year, but that could be north of $1 billion. No change to cash, no change to any funding just the way they work. So we're watching all that. That's why we're -- necessarily piecemeal, all of this stuff going forward. But we'll provide more with our full year guidance. And obviously, when you look at the launches of the new HD, there's a lot of content rich. Vehicles coming out. We've continued to see those in strong demand as we rolled them out, both across the SUVs and the light-duty pickups as well. So we expect to see some demand coming there as customers can't get them fast enough. So we think that there is some good news out there. All of that has to be balanced by every -- that others are seeing out there, even if we're not seeing it, which is why we continue to be cautious in our approach. But what we're focused on is executing every day. And I think this quarter demonstrates the power of the team's ability to do that.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Ryan, again, I want to avoid getting into any specific commentary about 2023 guidance from that standpoint. Obviously, we are watching not just commodities, but logistics, container rates. Just overall, there's a lot of things that are moving around and changing and evolving. So if we see slowdowns in the economy, not only would we expect commodity rates to come down further, we'd expect freight rates to come down as well. We probably spend less on expedited premium freights that we've been spending, because the supply chain could normalize a little bit. But those are the things that we're working through in the budget. So what I'd ask is, give us time to go through that, take our Board through that. And we'll let you know as soon as we pull it all together for a plan in 2023.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, sure. So, obviously, I won't comment on any specific discussions that we're -- with our suppliers. But as we alluded to in the prepared remarks, we had focused in on this as well as commodity prices, et cetera, as part of the $5 billion of pressure that we were going to see year-over-year. We've been talking about that all year. So the supplier world isn't new to us. It's not a surprise to us. It is, as we said in the prepared remarks, taking up a little bit more of that bucket than it was before on a percentage basis. But I think, overall, we're in control of that situation, working proactively with our suppliers and making sure we're doing it a way that meets their needs as well as meeting ours and the commitments we've made to the Street. So we won't talk about anything specific with it. It's in there. We've budgeted and planned for that, and there was no surprise from our side on what we've seen. And I think it speaks to the quality of the guidance that we've been able to highlight all year.
Paul Jacobson: Nothing from the consumer side. I'd say that comment was really aimed towards the fact that we cleared out the vehicles that had been built without the components at the end of June. We talked about 75% of those being full-size trucks and SUVs. So it stands to reason that with only about 25% of that pool left, you'd see some balance. So it's really more due to production and full-size than it is anything on the consumer side.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. Mary, I'll just add that we're still very much in a production-constrained world as an industry against where demand is. And as we look to 2023, we've said publicly that we're kind of planning for a 15 million SAAR year, which is kind of below where most people peg demand, but it's actually of where actuals have been for most of the year, given some of those supply constraints. So I think everything Mary said is absolutely true. We're watching it very closely. We are planning for some tightness next year, but that's because we want to be on the proper side. We don't want to get surprised if we see that trending lower. So hopefully, demand remains strong going into 2023, and we can outperform the expectations that we're putting on paper right now. But that's -- 2023.
Paul Jacobson: So, Colin, I'll take a shot. Mary, you can add anything. Certainly, I think this comes down to the question of how much pent-up demand is there, which I don't think is necessarily specifically knowable over time. But what we're really focused on is trends going forward and managing to those trends, as we have throughout this year. The customer has obviously been very resilient. And I think that speaks to the quality of our products and what they sought. So I don't think that piece is going to change. I think the industry could normalize. We could see that, although I don't think we see big increases in production going forward. So depending on how that pent-up demand shakes out, I think that will affect inventory. But what you're hearing from everyone in the industry -- learned in inventory management over the last couple of years. And we ourselves have cited some of that. So even if we assume some slight softness in 2023, as I talked about on the SAAR side, we're not seeing it as sort of a major shakeup.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, sure. So, I would say, it starts with the wholesale, obviously, we had a really strong quarter as not only did -- were we able to produce, but we also cleared out 75% of that. So it was a little bit front weighted. If you recall back in the June quarter call, we talked about being 50-50 of clearing those out. So there's nothing sequentially different about the business that we're talking about. But I would expect that we cut wholesale a little bit, just off of the fact that we cleared out the majority of those vehicles from June.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. No specific commentary on that range, as Mary highlighted, we -- while the chip and the logistics environment is generally improving, there are still some short-term impacts that we digest on a regular basis. And the team does a good job of working through though, but I wouldn't want to get more specific than the 25% to 30%.
