Dhivya Suryadevara: Sure, John. So, if you look at Fort Wayne, we’re already up and running in full volume and that transition is over. So, if you switch over to Silao, which is where we have taken our downtime in fourth quarter, we’re now up to full line rate reproduction for our light-duty pickup. As after January, we’re up to full level of production. So light duties, we’re pretty much with our transition. If you switch over to heavy-duty, most of the changeover we have been working on in 2018 and through second quarter of 2019, we will see transition. And after that starting in Q3 of 2019 is when you will see, the full production ramping up for heavy-duty. For SUVs, we’re going to take the 25,000 downtime for the year that will be mostly in Q1 of 2019 and the SORP for that will be in 2020 and will have more to talk about that later.
Dhivya Suryadevara: So, John, you're absolutely right. The dividend in GMF is now at a level which is lower than what would be our steady state potential. If you look at our long-term earnings before tax expectation for GMF that's in the range of about $2 billion, and we expect that once we reach full captive and that's going to be likely in the early 2020, we would be able to dividend the earnings before that will after taxes, net income I would say about to be apparent. The curve between there and now would be determined by our average ratio along the way. And we have our managerial target of 10 times to leverage ratio of GMF. And if we've seen potential for the dividends, we will take that but we will ultimately be governed by maintaining and appropriate leverage ratio and our communications to the rating agencies and how much of dividends we take out of fin-co where we will assume in our outlook for 2019 is that a level that's comparable to 2018 from a dividend perspective. And if we see anything above that, that would be upside. But we will post you that from that as we move forward with how the leverage ratio developed.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Sure. So, before we even get into the numbers, I would say from a truck launch perspective, we're really excited about the new generation of trucks and where we have been in the leadership position that for many years, and we expect to continue with that with this brand new launches that we have. And within that, Rod we -- if you remember, we had talked about the releasing a number of constraints that we have historically had with our previous truck platforms including crew cab capacity, which we have fixed that I would say with the current generation versus the prior generation. And also a wider and broader offering of vehicles including high-content, high-value, we would really participate in the middle of the curve and now we've sort of expanded that to the edges as well. So put all that together, Q4 you are starting to see, you already started to see the impact of pricing as well as mix in our new trucks. And what you're going to see in 2019 is, you could easily run rate that off of Q4 and we're also not going to have the volume headwinds that we saw in 2018 for light duties as we were transitioning them. So light duties, I would say volume up, mix favorable and pricing continues to be support of this world. Heavy duties, even you see this similar dynamic in the second half of the year, so you will see half year of benefit of that and SUVs as it continues to be a transition year. So, a simple way of looking at it for you would be to take the Q4 results for light duties and run rate that in 2019.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, if you look at our South American business, over the last several, we've taken a number of actions to right size the cost structure and set the business up for future profitability. And in fact in Q4 of 2017, the business did breakeven and turned a profit. What happened in 2018 was, as you will know, the FX story there with the Brazilian real and the Argentine peso. What we've done since then is to start working with a number of our stakeholders, as you know in South America, and we will have more to say as we make more progress there. But it is important to know a couple of factors specific to 2019. One is, we are going to have a full-year impact of pricing in South America because priced tends to lag FX there. So last year as we were experiencing headwinds in FX, we were pricing for them but on a lagged basis. So you are going to see a full-year impact of that in 2019. And the second aspect is, towards the end of the year, we're going to start to see the impact of our global family of vehicles, and this is the portfolio that we shared more in detail about in last month of our Capital Markets Day. That portfolio is a new architecture that replaces the numbers of legacy architecture. So, the cost profile and the margin profile of the portfolio is different as well as the footprints to the portfolio where we have more hedged from an FX perspective. So, you're going to start to see the impact of that. So, year-over-year in 2019 based on everything in South America and those actions we've taken in Korea as well, we expect to see improvement from a profitably perspective with GMI.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I think timing you have addressed, Rod. It was basically related to supplier payments as well as production timing and our changeover. And as we look at -- look beyond 2019, excluding the impact of timing, you are going to see the remaining cost savings flow through, we said 4.5 billion in total. 2019 will get a about a half of it and the 2020 results will have the remaining benefits of the cost savings as well. And couple of that with our CapEx savings, we talked about how our 8.5 billion run rate will get to a -- 8.5 billion current level will get to a 7 billion by 2020. You're going to see the impact of that in 2020 as well. But obviously, if all of that is in the context of this current macro-environment and I'm -- what I am giving you is puts and takes assuming and nothing else changes, but you have tailwinds working for us in 2020.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, Itay, it's a pretty volatile environment, so I don’t want to put specific numbers on individual components here. You've seen some pullback in steel and aluminum. Palladium has gone up and it changes day-to-day. So I wouldn’t really break that down into individual components. We do have the 301 tariffs factored into our outlook for the year that's embedded in our 1 billion number. And as we said last year, the amount -- since our sourcing for steel and aluminum is largely local, we don’t anticipate any tariff components there that's more of where the spot prices are moving and that tends to be lagged by a couple of months. So take that as a broader $1 billion number and we've shown during 2018 that we're going to work to offset that with matured cost efficiencies and other efficiency, so we can find and that's a no different in 2019.
Dhivya Suryadevara: That's right. The accelerated depreciation as a part of the overall charge for transformation which is treated as special for EBIT adjusted. The one that Rod was talking about in the form of additional D&A, that is our normal cadence of our D&A normalizing to our capital level, and we saw a good portion of that flow through in the fixed component of our EBIT walk. For the fourth quarter as well as the calendar year, it impacted results. And as I said in 2019, that will continue to impact results as well. So, that's the normal D&A, Joe. The accelerated one is not counted in that.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I would say from the transformation perspective, we took a charge of about 1.3 billion for the year that included D&A of about 300 million or so with the 1.3 billion charge. So, that's the transformation portion. And on the normalized basis, if you look at our calendar year EBIT walk, the fixed component had a year-over-year increase a vast majority of that. If not all of it, I would say it would be attributed to D&A.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I would say as volume mix priced all of the above, we expect the truck penetration to hover around the ranges that it has booked in the recent past, which is in the low 20s. We expect that to continue going forward. The crew cab makes us an important component of all of this. As I mentioned earlier, in the second half of the year while we release the constraint on crew cab with Fort Wayne, we saw the tailwind associated with that and we are going to see in the full year, calendar year, a full impact of both Fort Wayne and Silao still out running at full crew cab capacity.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I would say we've taken actions in Q4 to right size our overall production levels. We took out about 250,000 units of production in China in Q4. If you look at the overall inventory picture, we target to be typically around 40 to 45 days of inventory. SGM, which operates more in the tier 1 to 2 cities, is a touch above that, and we're working on that further in Q1 of 2019. SGMW is at a level that is higher than we would like, and again that's action that we have to continue to take in Q1 as well. So when I talk about the cadence in my remarks, and I alluded to Q1 being the seasonal low in China as well, it factors the inventory right-sizing actions within that.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. Firstly, I would not assume that it would take a step down from Q4. I would say similar to Q4 we're taking inventory actions. We took them in Q4, from a production perspective and we're going to continue to take them in Q1 as well. And I think it's important to note, the 20 new launches that we talked about earlier, they are in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So actions that are specific to us, I would say, really starts to take effect in the latter half of the year. So from a cadence perspective in China I would say, Q1, expect similar-ish levels to Q4 and then pick up after that. But obviously with an eye overall on the macro environment as well as the sales picture over there.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I would just say that the cost savings that we have outlined for 2019, contemplate the right cadence for these plants as well. So it's all baked in.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I would say there has been some stabilization post the elections in Brazil from a Brazilian real perspective. But obviously remains elevated relative to historical averages. I think the way to think about Brazil and Argentina is, we're able to price in line with inflation in Brazil, and we typically pass through the FX headwinds in Argentina. There might be a lag, Ryan, but I wouldn't think of Argentina as anything other than -- you take last few months of FX headwinds and kind of factor that into your future pricing ability. So, I wouldn't think of it as hedges and we don't use forwards necessarily in these areas. I would look at pricing and localization as the 2 primary levers we have from an FX management perspective. And on localization, the next generation of vehicles that I mentioned earlier, will be more localized. But with all the actions we're taking, it is our objective to be able to breakeven and turn a profit at even more extreme levels of FX. So we're continuing to work on it.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I would say, if you look at overall year-over-year GMF EBT bridge, if you will, half it from increase in volumes as they continue to grow to full captive levels. So just their penetration getting higher and their overall volume is getting higher and the other half coming from the fact that, residual values were flat in 2018 versus 2017, so take the delta, Brian and divide that by two.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I'd say 2019 flat to 2018, we're expecting a 4% to 6% decline in residual values, which we expect will be offset by the growth in volume that I mentioned and our continued penetration. And the other aspect longer term as well, Brian, as the business matures, you're able to spread the OpEx over a larger asset base. So we should see OpEx efficiencies as well as we move forward.
Dhivya Suryadevara: That's correct. So our current asset base is around -- north of $95 billion. We would see in the next several years, that that would tail off probably in the $120 million range. So the amount of equity that we are holding in the fin-co now is to support that remaining growth.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I'd say to you, first question, there's certainly room from a growth perspective for SAIC-GMAC joint venture. We are still in the early stages of, I would say, of penetration over there on financing and also the leasing portfolio which is in its infancy, so more growth to be had longer term. And across the board, I would say, in China, adjacencies are at its early stages of development across the board, whether it's the after sales, GMF and others. So, we will continue growing those. And from a vehicle mix perspective, perhaps more tilted toward the tier 1 to tier 2 market, than the tier 3 to tier 4 market. But I wouldn't specifically draw trends on Cadillac versus other brands.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, I'd say we're off to a pretty good start. As I mentioned in my comments, Q4, we already started to see early signs of these savings starting to flow through. And if you look at calendar year 2019, the savings will be tilted more toward the earlier part of the year. So we will be off to a pretty good start here after Q1. So I'd say Q1 is when we implemented, Q2 onwards, you will start to see the benefits.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I wouldn't say there's headwinds to expect beyond what we shared at Capital Markets Day. I think it's important to note that, when we say moderately lower equity income we're factoring all these in and it's our intent -- there will be puts and takes in different regions and between North America, China and so on. It's still our intent to post a strong calendar year, results from a company perspective. So I wouldn't over train on one versus the other. We do expect that as Mary mentioned, there's company specific factors that's going to help us. It is a volatile market at the end of the day, I wouldn't get any more specific on that.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I don't think there was any specific launch related costs or anything we haven't already talked about, that's going to weigh on North American results. We had talked about depreciation and pension income going down and commodity headwinds, that does impact North America, but that should even through the whole year, depending on how commodities behave in the next several quarters here. But I'd just say, beyond what you talked about on Q1 with the downtime and all the factors that I mentioned, that should positively impact the second half of the year. There is nothing that we haven't already discussed.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. The lag that I talked about is in our index commodities. We typically experience a three month lag in -- when the actual impact shows up on our income statement versus when the spot prices go up or down. And I would say, it's really difficult to call the specific cadence of it. As you well know this moves up and down every quarter. I'd say evenly distributed through the entire year. We are obviously watching the 301 tariffs very closely, because that will have an impact, and within the current market environment, I'd say, you also need to look at the mix of which commodities are going up and down as well. So it's difficult to provide any more specificity on a topic that is inherently pretty volatile.
Mary Barra: So, there is really no word on the petition for our level four, our track four vehicle, but we also are very capable of launching with the truck three model. So, I think we’re in good position there. We -- as we've been consistently communicating, safety is going to be the getting metrics for Cruise. We have hired -- we're at 1,100 people, so we've got the right team and at right focus obviously moving out there has been I think just shows our commitment to what we’re doing there and been able to work on the whole ecosystem as well as the technology. We continue to make rapid progress with the technology, I think that's as evidenced by the video, we released just last month that shows that our vehicle can handle the new that others are struggling with. So I think we’re in a very strong position, if not a leading position. So, we’re continuing to make the rapid progress. We’re going to make sure we meet all the appropriate safety thresholds that we defined for ourselves as well as the regulatory requirements, and this is going to be a really important critical year, and we’re going to continue to update you as we progress, but I would say everything is moving forward in a very positive fashion.
Mary Barra: I think if you look at, there is kind of puts and takes there from a Cadillac perspective and launching more cross over, we think there is an opportunity continue to grow and improve their margins. Clearly, as we transitioned to more electrified vehicles as we gain scale that will be lower and then we move higher. So, we're still focused on having strong margins and China will go through a bit of transition with the EVs. So, we think that specifically the growth of Cadillac and some of our larger SUVs will help to offset that.
Mary Barra: Yes, the way I would think about that bridges in 2019, you are going to have 1 billion of additional depreciation and pension income which are non-cash, so you will see the compression in the first two bar coming from that. And in 2020, you are going to see additional depreciation and pension and a decline in 1 billion of capital. So that should be on top of the pension and depreciation number that I would think about. And as John asked earlier about GMF, that's the other component of when that dividend starts to come in, that will be on top of this first two components.
Mary Barra: I think obviously it's important, we announced that the plans are unallocated and as part of our UAW negotiations, this year we need to finalize the status. But I think when you look at the fact of the 2,800 workers that are impacted, 1,200 of retirement eligible, and we have about 2,700 jobs available, as I mentioned already 950 people have been placed. I think as we worked through and addressed the concerns from a workforce perspective, that will go a long way to allowing us to make this transition. And obviously, we have work to do, but when we look at what we need to do from a market perspective, we can't run at a 70% utilization, we had to improve that and that will work to accomplish. So, that's the way I look at, and I don’t see risks from especially with the ability that we have to do with the people to places where we're hiring. And we just announced yesterday that we have 1,000 jobs available in Flint. So, I think it's the transition we have to go through, it's what we have to do and problem solve with UAW.
Mary Barra: David, we're not squishy at all on our plan for AV for Cruise. I would say one of the reasons the spend is lower -- it turned out to be lower in 2018 is, Kyle Vogt is an excellent leader and manager and he spends every dollar like it's his own. So there's incredibly good cost controls in GM Cruise set out, and saw that we expect to spend this year. So I think that's just good cost discipline. As I said that -- this is one of the biggest technical challenges of our time. But I think we're really well positioned. We're committed. We have every resource we need, and if they come forward and say they need additional resources, we stand ready to provide those. So I think it's in a strong position from funding. I think it's in a strong position, as we continue to do the development. And yes, so we're going to keep you posted throughout the year. But we're on-track from the performance that we've talked about, and I think again, reference to video that -- what the vehicle is now able to do, we're going to continue to work on the regulatory front as well, and we will hold ourselves to the safety standards that we've set. But we're committed and we're moving at a very aggressive pace.
Mary Barra: So Adam, we've talked to you about the fact that with our next generation of development, that we want to make sure we have obtainable, profitable, desirable, and with the appropriate range. And so that is the work that we're doing. We benefit from the fact that we have a strong position in China, and as you know, the regulatory situation we will drive there. Also I think, important to note that we have the partnership with Honda to leverage the technology as well. So I think we're in a good position, driving our cell costs down, also from a quality perspective, and that is our stated goal when we launch that next family of vehicles.
Mary Barra: So, I think you said, correct, if you're wrong. I would say early next decade, but I wouldn't put any more specificity on EV profitability than that. And I'll say on your second question is, we believe in an all EV future. So you'll have to stay tuned.
Mary Barra: Yes, we're going to stay very committed to our capital allocation framework of looking at opportunities to continue to invest in the business to generate a greater than 20% return, as well as maintaining an investment grade balance sheet. And then, as we get to that point, there is opportunity that will be returned to shareholders. So I don't have anything specific to say other than we're going to follow our process.
Mary Barra: No. I think we're seeing improvements from Q4. I mean it's early days, but we're optimistic, not only from what we've seen in the month of January, but also, what the government has announced, because we've seen that have a positive impact. And then again, the team there is very focused on costs and improving mix, etc. So with the new launches, we see a lot of, we see opportunity from an industry perspective, with the signs we saw in January and we also have a lot of, I'll say, GM specific opportunity.
Mary Barra: Thank you. Well, thanks everybody for participating today. As we begin the next phase of our transformation, I want you to know that we are committed to continuing to strengthen the core business, as well as continue to accelerate our work to lead in the future of personal mobility. We are really repositioning this company, what from -- one that was trying to be all things to all people in all markets, to a very strategic, agile and profitable company. And we believe we are in a very differentiated position than many of the competitors in this industry. We are intent on reinventing personal transportation, capitalizing on the $1 trillion opportunity on making the world safer, better and more sustainable. In 2019, we will continue to deliver on our commitments that we've made to you, our owners, by capitalizing on our strong global vehicle portfolio, our adjacent businesses, and we will stay focused on driving profitable growth across the business to create value in the short term and long term for our shareholders. This transformation will be very dynamic and -- but you have our commitment, that we will continue to act with speed, with discipline and with integrity, to drive the business performance that we need to win not only today, but in the future. So thanks again for your time.
