Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes thanks Rod. And I think directionally, you're correct. As you think about the second half of the year from a free cash flow perspective these trends are going to be driven by EBIT improvement as well as the working capital rewind that we're going to experience as we have cycled past the downtime. And extrapolating, I don't want to provide guidance beyond 2019 but I'll give you the puts and takes. We are going to continue to see benefits from our truck launch. We're going to see the remaining cost savings flow through into 2020. And as you may recall, we also talked about our capital spend tailwind from that in 2020 as well partially offset by lower China equity income dividends flowing into 2020. In fact, I'd caution you though extrapolating off of the second half there are some timing items like the working capital that you mentioned as well as first half versus second half some payments are lumped in the first half of the year and you can't really do it two times in the second half. But directionally looking at the puts and takes I'd say you're correct.
Dhivya Suryadevara: And also Rod you heard us say in the beginning of the year, we have an intense focus on cash flow and cash conversion. And as you – as we go beyond 2019 into 2020 you're going to continue to see us reiterate that as we go forward here.
Dhivya Suryadevara: We would say the remaining dividends that we have not yet received from China will flow through so it's more evenly distribute this year between first and second half than it has been last year. And from a next year perspective timing and as you know in the first quarter of the year we tend to from a seasonal perspective pay out a number of payments as well as the AR and AP rewind typically happens at that time. So I'd say, those two are the primary adjustments that I would think about. And China dividend you can expect, again a similar kind of cadence in 2020 probably as you will in 2019.
Dhivya Suryadevara: And from a CapEx standpoint, yeah, from a CapEx standpoint I'd say we gave a range of $8 billion to $9 billion. We will continue to do that. Obviously there's timing between among quarters. And I wouldn't read too much into that at this point in the middle of the year.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. Sure. So we did unwind 70,000 units or so of inventory so about 10% of our inventory did unwind in the second quarter. But as Mary mentioned in her comments as we think about the industry obviously, we've just cycled past the China V and China VI transition. There is likely to have been some pull-ahead and we've got to watch that. We just don't know yet. And from a pricing standpoint, again driven by this transition, we experienced more pricing pressures in Q2. That's something to keep an eye on. So, as we look into the second half of the year, a slightly weaker industry an uncertain price environment, but really offset by the launches that we have significant launches into the sweet-spot of the segments with two-thirds of our launches coming from crossovers. So all the positives from a launch perspective we continue to expect. We're keeping an eye on macro.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, Ryan I'd say, if you think about the first half we started out with crew cabs as we talked about. And towards the second quarter and really going into third quarter and fourth quarter is when you're going to see the rest of the light-duty start to normalize so the remaining variants whether it's regular or double. And diesel is an important factor that Mary pointed out. We're excited about that and that's going to be coming up next in the Q3 time frame and followed by heavy-duty. If you think about the first half of the year we took downtime of about 25000 or so units in heavy-duty which to your point was an offset against the light-duty earnings power that we saw. So you're not going to see that in the second half of the year. And in fact with the additional capacity that we have added for both light-duties and heavy-duties you're going to still start to see tailwinds from volume because we have been constrained on these as we have been in the past few quarters and years here. So plus side would be the remaining light-duty variants including diesel the heavy-duty going into next year obviously the SUVs and the absence of downtime as well as obviously the price and mix benefit that you'll start to see in HD and other variants that we have so far seen in crew cab.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I'd say the cadence that you've roughly gotten is right. We have not talked about the SUV timing specifically. It will be early next year. But I think directionally you're correct in terms of the tailwinds that we will start to see in the second half of the year. First, you'll see that in light-duty remaining variants and then going into heavy-duty probably in the Q4 time frame and obviously into next year. And then the -- you'll see the SUVs. So I'd say your directionally correct.
Dhivya Suryadevara: No, I'd say its a pretty good base case. Obviously, you've got to adjust for the heavy-duty downtime that we took in the second quarter that is not -- you can't extrapolate that into the rest of the year. Cost savings as you know we achieved the $700 million. So that's also on a pretty -- on a kind of run rate that you can continue to expect for the rest of the year. We will probably see some tailwinds as well coming from the XT6 launch, which we're just starting to see. And probably second half of the year will be more of a tailwind than we have seen in crossovers because of that. So I'd say otherwise Q2 is a good baseline.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I'd say that last year you may recall we took about $375 million of dividends from GMF. They're still growing their earning assets and we're close to about $100 billion of earning assets. When we think about steady-state for GMF, we're thinking somewhere in the $125 billion to $130 billion range for earning assets. It's going to take a couple of years for that to take hold. And the penetrations we were running at is in the 45% to 50% range which is something we would like to see continue. And capital we will -- as the leverage ratio continues to grind down with the equity building up and earning assets leveling off, we're going to see the dividend increase over a period of time. And eventually, you're going to see the entire net income from GMF come back to the parent.
Dhivya Suryadevara: No. We're not anticipating any specific downtime related to a changeover or anything Joe. So I'd say probably you can extrapolate normal run rates excluding downtime and plus the capacity we've added. We've been in like a ramp-up-type mode. And obviously you'll get to a full line rate as you cycle past the downtime. So in a similar macro environment and we think that again the truck market with its percentage penetration of the industry continues to be healthy and we would expect -- I think you're directionally right for the volume.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. I'd say Itay, as you know we started out the launch focusing on the crew cabs. And we've been building inventory in the mid-levels really now in the second quarter of the year. And the -- it's also important to note, we're normalizing our propulsion mix there as well. And during launch -- obviously it's hard to extrapolate out of one data point on what the inventory picture needs to be because we are still rolling all of these out and there will be balancing that happens in the rest of the year as well. And as we -- as I said once we're rolling out these other variants you will see the inventory picture starting to normalize. And we have a plan looking at the end of the year to get our inventory to exactly where we want our target levels to be.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, sure. So, if you're starting with the $4.5 billion I'll do the total company walk for you Brian, because there's North America versus total company. The $4.5 billion pertain to the total company. In the total company walk, as you can see in the cost bucket, we had performance and timing of $1 billion -- $900 million positive, close to $1 billion. Out of that -- so the $700 million that I referenced from the transformation cost savings is in the $900 million. There's about $100 million-ish of timing and another $100 million of commercial and technical savings that are coming from our regular material cost initiative. So think of timing as about $100 million. And as you go into the second half of the year, this is the bucket, the cost bucket is where you will see the performance show up. Obviously, it will be offset by the pension and depreciation and amortization headwinds that we have talked about. But that's the geography of it. And from a material cost standpoint, it will be in the materials line item within the cost bucket as well.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. I'd say overall second half volume will be up versus first half because of the factors that I mentioned on heavy-duty being up, SUV being up and light-duties as well slightly up. So volume will be up. And therefore mix will be -- there's an offsetting factor to your point of the other mix is rolling out. But the heavy-duty negative mix element that you saw in the first half of the year will not repeat it will actually be a positive that will offset some of that. And obviously, the SUV aspect as well you saw it down in the first half and you're not going to see that. So vol mixed together will be where the bulk of the improvement from H1 versus H2 is going to be.
Dhivya Suryadevara: We do see a growth in share in the lower end of the ATP segment Colin. I'd say that if you look at the increased share that we have had it's been in the $45,000 to $50,000 and $50,000 plus-type segments obviously the more profitable segments. And we expect to hold that, because we were underrepresented in these segments with our K2 product. And what we're really doing is like fixing that under-representation if you will as we go into T1. So you expect normalization in the lower ATP segments. And obviously, as heavy-duty rolls out that will be the other positive as well and diesels coming in. So we do expect to increase share in the second half of the year between all the other cab variants as well as HD.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. No, we do believe that we will grow in that segment as well. And as you point out fleet in pickup trucks continues to be profitable not as much as retail, but profitable. And we will absolutely continue to grow in that market as well. And with all the capacity issues, we've had and with the launch changeover and so on and so forth that is something that has been again underrepresented in the first half of the year. And that's something we will correct in the second half.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah, that's correct. So we -- you may remember, Colin, January of this year, we said $1 billion headwind in commodities. We did not talk about FX in that context, commodities and tariffs year-over-year. As we sit here today to your point, we have seen a moderation in steel and aluminum prices specifically. There's a couple of commodities that are still elevated. But on balance we think that the headwind is probably closer to half of what we originally expected and that's serving to offset some of the international volatility that we're seeing and that's how -- that's to your point how the guidance comes about.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. Good question David. In the international side a lot of that is catch-up FX pricing that you see in Brazil and in Argentina. As you know, we try to price out in Argentina all of our FX headwinds and Brazil in line with the inflation there. So that's the international fees. In the United States, as you see, our carryover, a lot of it was driven by positivity in our car segment. And as you know, we have significantly ramped down our overall car portfolio. It used to be a headwind from a carryover pricing perspective in 2018, and as we have lowering of inventory there we're able to maintain a price discipline there as well. That's I'd say the primary factor. Cadillac is continuing to do really well. So the residual value improvements that we're seeing in Cadillac are flowing through to the crossovers that we currently have on the road as well. Those are the two big factors I'd point out.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. I'd say, we'd probably continue to see the car discipline as the inventory there winds down over time. Crossover should be pretty strong as well. There's obviously a bifurcation between small and compact crossover versus the mid-size crossover. So, on the mid-size we will see a continued positive but pressures from the compact and smaller side. So, I'd say on balance probably to your point it's a harder comp versus last year. So maybe a little bit more of a headwind from a carryover perspective, but the car and crossover specific segment should continue to hold up.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. I think we are starting to see the tailwinds in a lot of the commodities that you're talking about Dan. I'd say steel we're starting to see pretty significant tailwinds and aluminum as well. There's a few other commodities that I referenced earlier particularly palladium, which is at a level that remains significantly elevated versus even what we saw in January. And against, a relatively smaller purchase value, it's quite a significant headwind. And over time you will see things flow through. And obviously, there's still uncertainty around tariffs as well. And we therefore, felt it's prudent to get it to a – to a closer to half type of a number. We had $1 billion earlier and we're getting it now down to $500 million. We will keep watching it and flowing that through as we see the improvements come through. And we also have the lag effect that, we experience since these don't get indexed right away. They get indexed a little later. So you'll see the improvement come through if the market continues to hold up.
Dhivya Suryadevara: There's – we have indexed contracts for a portion of it and we have negotiated contracts for the rest of it. And that's over – the timing is all over the place. So from an indexed perspective you would see a lag of about three months and having that come through. From a negotiated perspective our contracts roll out a-third, a-third, a-third type on a yearly basis, so some of this might be a bit more nuanced in negotiated. So, not one metric that you can apply across the board.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. Obviously, as Mary mentioned, it's hard to predict what the environment in 2020 is going to look like sitting here in the middle of 2019. I think you've captured the product-related tailwinds really well. D&A and pension income are something -- the two items that we have always said are going to be secularly normalizing to a higher level for D&A and a lower level for pension. So, that's one item that we have actually attributed. If you remember our cash conversion, one of the factors on how it's going to normalize is the fact that these items will continue to get to their more financial steady-state levels. But other than that, it would be speculation if I were to be thinking of any other items. I think we'll continue executing. And the cost savings that Mary mentioned as well is going to be an enabler as we look into 2020.
Mary Barra: I think that that's one element. But with the intense pricing pressure as Dhivya said that we don't know with the intense pricing we saw to move the China V how is that going to carry through. And then from a GM specific these launches are very important because we are seeing the customer preference shifting as well as we have some older models in really popular segments. So I think its -- Ryan it's just too hard to say with all the volatility that we're facing right now. I would tell you the team is very focused and we have a China team that is very good at looking at every single cost opportunity. We saw that performance in the first half. We'll continue to look for that and to increase that. And then also we're working very closely with our partner to seize opportunities as there are possibly ups or downs to the marketplace. But it's just -- it's too hard to predict.
Mary Barra: So we've worked over the last couple of years to build a really strong relationship with our suppliers and focusing on innovation. And then when we focus on price and costs, it's doing it together and looking how can we work together to take cost out that benefits both General Motors and the supplier. We're going to continue to do that and look for those opportunities and build on that. So I don't -- we don't -- I don't see any major change coming. I think you'll see us working even more closely together.
Mary Barra: So I think you have to look at it in three buckets. As we said, we have jobs for every single hourly employee in the United States that was impacted by the transformation. And we'll continue to do those placements and then look at what is natural retirement. And I predict by the time we get through this we'll be hiring for the needs that we have across the United States. So that's from a represented perspective. On the salary workforce, in general, we very carefully planned the transformation activities, not only reducing our overall salaried headcount, but also making sure we had resources in there with the right skill set. That went very well. And we are hiring now to replace attrition, but maintaining the lower cost level that we've worked so hard to get at Q4 and Q1 of this year. And then as it specifically relates to Cruise, we have about 1,500 employees there now and we are working hard to hire and get to that level of that 2,000 by year-end. And the hiring is going very well there.
Mary Barra: So if you just kind of cycle through from a Korea perspective, we accomplished what we've set out in the restructuring and now we continue to see that business unit perform. We still have a few markets in GMI that we're evaluating to look at how do we create a successful foundation to build on in a few of the GMI markets. And then in South America we have a very strong franchise there. It definitely is being impacted by FX and the macro situation. We continue to work with all of our stakeholders though to take cost out. And that team has demonstrated a great ability to do that. And we can define our plan for that region to take into account we think there's going to just be a continued volatility. I think important to note in many of these regions though is we are just in the process of doing the first global family of vehicles that will be rolling out not only in China, but also South America and then flow to some of these other markets. So I think we're going to have a very strong portfolio and vehicles in the market to take advantage as South America recovers or to continue to outperform, even if we keep in these market. So there's great focus on all of these markets. We are seeing improvement year-over-year and we'll continue until we get this region to be contributing and covering as best as we can.
Mary Barra: I think it's both. All of them are significant in helping us achieve where we need to go in South America.
Mary Barra: So when we look at the inventory, we are working to be disciplined with the inventory levels, but also be prepared for the opportunities with that volatility. So at the most senior level discussions with our partner, we're watching it very closely and giving direction to the team. So we're going to manage it to get to the right level as we go forward. I'm not going to share a specific target. When you look at it over a longer term, we have a very strong franchise in China. We have three strong global brands with Cadillac, Buick and Chevrolet as well as the two domestic brands with Wuling and Baojun. And we think it's a very strong franchise. We think over the long term, there are significant opportunities for growth. And also, China is a very important part of our electrification strategy, of seizing the opportunity in such a large market to get the scale from an EV perspective that allows us to be better positioned, I believe, in other markets like North America as we launch EV. So over the longer term, we still see a very strong opportunity, especially with our global brands.
Mary Barra: So, I would just appreciate the question. And we're really excited about Super Cruise. In my career, rarely do you see a feature in technology that has such a strong support from the customers saying, I would strongly prefer this technology to be on my next car or I won't buy a car without it. So that I think is a really good endorsement of the way the technology works and the benefit and value it provides to the customer. So we are in the process of rolling it out across all Cadillacs and then we'll look for the right opportunities as we roll it out across more segments and brands in our portfolio. And we'll do that as quickly as we can, but making sure that we're focused on the safety and quality of it as we do that. And then, as you mentioned with Ultra Cruise, this is a technology you saw us continue to improve it with the number of places you can use it. We're going to continue to add capability. And we're very excited about it and the road map that we have. So we'll be rolling it out as quickly as we can, with again having a strong focus on safety.
Mary Barra: Well, I think anytime you're working on something that's never been done before a brand-new technology, a timeline is likely to move around a little bit. But we do -- we have line of sight in what we need to accomplish both from the technology development. We have a very robust milestones that we have to achieve. And we also believe there -- and we're working hard to make sure we have the right regulatory environment as well. So I'm not going to put a specific time out there. I just would say we have line of sight. And I think the significant work that we're doing to get deeper validation more miles that we'll achieve in the second half of this year, while working on improving public receptivity are going to be very important to allow us to have a large-scale deployment. So that would be the comments I make regarding Cruise. So I'm very pleased with the progress the team is making continues to make their pushing very hard. And this focus on not only the technology, but the environment and the customer I think is very appropriate.
Mary Barra: Well, I think, when we talk about deploying our deployment will be when we can have the vehicle operate safely without a safety trainer in the vehicle. So that's point one. I just think to build, kind of, the trust that we're looking for -- a lot of it is communication. And so, we have a very well thought out marketing plan that will be targeted to the first city that we plan to deploy in which is San Francisco, so very focused. For people who see the vehicles on the road today to understand them better to be able to articulate the safety in the vehicle, what we're doing to create this safe environment and that we can really improve road safety and because of the discipline that is -- on AV doesn't drive, follows all the road laws and doesn't also drive under the influence of anything. And so you're going to see us have a marketing campaign to engage the city, so they understand what's happening and they're more I think receptive to what's coming. And then from a technical perspective, I would say just again, as you are developing new technology and you have milestones that you need to meet to ensure that the AV is going to be safer than a human driver you have to keep making those. But clearly, some of the enablers will be as we continue on our hiring getting the best engineers working for Cruise on this. And I think, what also has happened is everybody understands just how complex this is to do well and to truly have the vehicle that can operate safely. So we're on that journey. The rate of iteration continues to be very strong. And we'll do the testing and the validation to achieve our milestones, while in parallel be working on continuing to gain regulatory approval. And I wouldn't say there's impediments there, it's just work that still needs to be done. I think NHTSA understands the importance of this technology from a safety perspective. And so I think there's a line of sight to be able to get the regulatory approval and then building that trust with the consumer is going to be important. Those are the three paths that we're on together or in parallel. And we're going to continue to work all three aggressively.
Mary Barra: No, we haven't. I mean, we are approaching negotiations looking forward to having productive discussions. There are numerous topics that affect our employees and our business that we need to discuss and talk about which we'll do. And we're looking to do that constructively making sure we can address business challenges in a way that allows us to really build a stronger future for our employees, for our customers and for the company, which will benefit our shareholders. So, that's our approach to UAW negotiations. And we have not signaled any specific financial aspect to that.
Mary Barra: Well, Dan I would say is what we are doing is we have an arrangement with Honda. So, we have already -- Honda has already partnered with us on the cell technology and some of the electric vehicle components. So, I think we were actually one of the first -- I think if not the first to do that. And as we move forward if it make -- we are open to working with other OEs and leveraging it even further. But we're already doing that with Honda. And it definitely provides savings from an engineering perspective and has scale benefits as well.
Mary Barra: Scale is I'd say one of many. But scale does -- especially as you get to a certain level to drive the right scale as you look at the cell and battery manufacturer for sure.
Mary Barra: I would say I think through the call we've highlighted the fact that there's definitely some tailwinds, there's also some headwinds. And I think what at General Motors we try to do is we stated the guidance at the beginning of the year. Dhivya and I both remained very confident that we're going to be able to meet our commitment. And so we're confident in our full year guidance. But there are -- it's a very dynamic environment when you look at trade and you look at China and you look at macro conditions in some of our GMI markets, then you look at the positives we have with the full-size truck franchise and how we're moving that forward just really early days in the launch also the strength of our crossovers and the growth that we have in Cadillac. So, there's definitely tailwinds, there's definitely headwinds. And what we're saying is we are committed and we have definitely a line of sight. And we'll work through the variability that we see or the volatility in the second half of this year to be able to deliver and maintain our guidance.
Mary Barra: Well, I think when we laid it out I mean some of them are just timing of when the cost comes out, but we have very detailed plans. We're -- the fact that when we announced it we said, this is how much we'll be in 2019 and the balance in 2020. And we're on track to achieve that. It's just we're systematically executing these plans. One of the very first accomplished was the salaried headcount rightsizing that we did in Q4 and Q1 of this year. But every single element it was a third, a third, a third between engineering, between manufacturing, and between SG&A. So, those are all on track. And I think -- I guess that you look at what we've been able to deliver so far and that should give you confidence that we're on track to do that for 2020 as well.
Mary Barra: Well we definitely have our GEM products that are coming out that are going to be very important. We have some crossover vehicles also Cadillac. The XT6 we think is going to be very significant. We also have some Baojun products in an important crossover-type segment so -- and then also the CT5 that will be launched there. So if you look at it there is a many SUVs crossovers luxury vehicles coming out across all of our brands in Q3 and Q4 that I think will position us well. Because what we have seen why these launches are so important as I mentioned because we are seeing customer preferences shift to more SUV crossover and we also are -- because of the competitive nature having an all-new model will be very significant in the marketplace.
Mary Barra: So we're committed to have ADAS across the entire portfolio. And it's a segment-by-segment question that we look at to see what makes sense because we also want to -- if you have so much safety technology on a vehicle that the customer can't afford it then they don't get the opportunity to achieve that. So we're trying to be very customer-focused segment-by-segment. We clearly have the technology and pretty comprehensive technology, safety technology when you walk around the vehicle. We are -- have done some I think really good work to make sure if it's not standard, it's available in a first package as opposed to a last package being receptive to what -- and really giving the customer choice. So we're going to continue to do that develop the technology, have it available across the portfolio in some cases it will be standard. And then we're going to continue to really work and gain -- I know you said not necessarily Super Cruise, but I think the game-changing nature of Super Cruise also I think is very important that we're committed to and growing the feature and functionality of it.
Mary Barra: Well, we appreciate that everybody participated in the call this morning. And as I said just a few minutes ago, as we continue in the second half of the year, I remain confident in our full year guidance. It's based on where we're at in the truck launch and the opportunities that lie ahead especially with heavy-duty models yet this year and then the strength of our crossovers as well. We're also on track as I mentioned to deliver the cost savings associated with the business transformation. And with a good chunk of it already behind us then we continue to have -- execute well-defined plans. And as we step back we recognize that there are challenges. But as we look at it, the reward for overcoming these challenges and being very disciplined is that we get the privilege of working on the future of transportation of being able to lead the industry as we look at EV and AV and giving customers more accessibility and more choice. So we are committed and fully working to win the race and make sure that we do create a stronger future for General Motors that will benefit our employees, our customers, and our shareholders. And that's the dedication of the entire GM team. So thank you all very much for participating. We hope you have a good day.
John Murphy: Good morning, everybody. Just really wanted to make sure I followed up and got that correctly Dhivya on the truck side. So basically in the first half you had the HD downtime and the SUV downtime. The HD pickups will benefit us some time in the third quarter, but mostly in the fourth quarter. And then the SUV bounces back in the intro is in the first or second quarter of next year. So I mean, it looks like with these truck swing it's something well north of $0.5 billion per quarter once this all gets worked out.
John Murphy: More from a total workforce, because it sounds like you've done -- you're about almost two-thirds of the way of reworking -- or should I say relocating these workers. I'm just curious…
John Murphy: I'm sorry. Particularly thinking about the growth in Cruise as well, right. I mean, because you have real headcount growth in certain areas.
