Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Good question, Itay, and I've talked about this before on some of these results, quarterly results. Number one, we've continued to hold our share and we view that as especially constructive given where we are in the lifecycle of that truck at about a 35% segment share. But more importantly, when you look at the actual data on kind of a same-store basis trim to trim, crew cab, extended cab, regular cab, on a variable profit basis, our margins are up calendar year-to-date in 2017 versus 2016. So, we've been able to continue to generate strong and improving variable margins as we move through the life cycle of this vehicle, and we would expect to see more of the same given the overall demand. We've taken actions over the last couple of years opportunistically from a price perspective. And clearly, that's paying off, and that's one of the big drivers of the overall 8.3% margins when you look at the significant production downtime we had in North America.
Charles K. Stevens: I would say at this point in time, no update that is consistent. That view has not changed, In the current macro environment, our expectations is that we've built a business model especially when you consider our product launch cadence and the cost actions that we've been taking that will generate 10% margins in North America, and that's certainly what we're focused on executing.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I think clearly we've got a fundamentally restructured business model and we've been talking about that for the last number of years, maintaining a breakeven point at a SAAR level of 10 to 11 million units. And I think this is a proof point that that business model can withstand the kind of volume reduction that we've seen. Obviously, one of the big drivers of that is the significantly improved mix, not only full-size pickups and full-size SUVs but crossovers and the launch cadence associated with that. But I think interesting comparison would be to look at Q3 results of 2017 versus Q4 last year. In Q4 last year, 8.6% margins on wholesales and revenues that were significantly higher than Q3 this year. And again, that just demonstrates the resilience of the business model, the continued execution of our plan and fundamentally reinforces our breakeven point thesis that we've been talking about for the last number of years.
Charles K. Stevens: Boy, really good question, Brian, but I'm not sure that I'm ready to break down volume and mix by segment within, I would say, the following. Here's the way to think about it. Our volumes were down roughly 250,000 units. Half of that was launch related, roughly. Of that, 50,000 were full-size trucks and 60,000 were CUVs. And then the balance was passenger cars. The planned piece of that was roughly half, which was the full-size trucks and the crossovers. Aligning supply and demand on cars was the other portion of that, roughly 100,000 units or so. And as you look at the number, obviously, the volume impact we talked about was $2.1 billion, but mix was favorable in the quarter, and that was largely reduction of passenger cars that drove that favorable mix. So hopefully, that helps dimension that a little bit. But as far as numerics associated with each of those moving pieces, not ready to share at that level of detail.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Majors were the crossovers and carryover was largely passenger car driven, right, as that segment continues to be very, very competitive and as people shift away.
Charles K. Stevens: And I would expect fourth quarter pricing to be favorable versus third quarter largely on the back of the crossover launches.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I would look at it like this. We expect Q4 production factory unit sales to be up versus Q3, roughly 150,000 units. We don't have any downtime on full-size trucks or SUVs. Actually, we expect versus Q3 to be up, production to be up on those segments. We will continue to make adjustments as appropriate on passenger cars. And when we look into next year, clearly, and we'll have more to say about this in January, but clearly there is incremental downtime in 2018 related to the truck launch.
Charles K. Stevens: I would say a couple of things, Rod. First, let's start with the nominal number because the day supply will be largely dependent on the sales rate in December.
Charles K. Stevens: So, our target is to be in the 70-day range. I think the more important number is the overall nominal number. And our view right now is we're going to be significantly lower at the end of 2017 versus the end of 2016. Just to dimension that, we had 850,000 units in dealer inventory at the end of 2016. We think that we'll be in the zip code of somewhere around 800,000. Importantly, within that, it will be better balanced. We expect to have roughly 80-day supply of trucks and SUVs which is normal for us, an appropriate level of crossovers, 60, 70 days of crossovers and somewhere in the zip code of 50 days of passenger cars as we work through that. I think that that is a good launch point as you think about 2018 to end the year with that kind of inventory level and that day supply. Built into our free cash flow forecast, obviously, there's continued rightsizing and aligning production. But there's also the impact that we have from the strike. At the end of the day, we lost 20,000 units in the strike that we had in Canada, which won't be made up and that has an impact on working capital and the timing. So, I think the adjustment of guidance from $7 billion to $6 billion is more about production timing, including the strike impact than overall earnings generation, obviously, since we've maintained our guidance. And I think, importantly, within that, though, is we still expect to distribute about $7 billion to shareholders and end the year in a strong cash and liquidity position. So, very, very consistent overall when you look at those parameters.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I would look at this broadly speaking because it's early days and we always are evaluating the best ways to optimize the downtime and everything else. But I would say, overall, there'll be less downtime in 2018 versus 2017 overall, significantly less, but trucks will be more. And whether that's four weeks or five weeks or six weeks, we will look towards optimizing that. So, it's hard for me to sit there and say it's going to be X thousands of units at this point in time because, clearly, we want to be able to minimize the impact. Once we get through the launch of the first – remember, the T1 launch will go for a couple of years as we work our way through that very broad portfolio, but I think the biggest portion of that will be next year, and we'll get that full benefit in 2019. We'll also be well on our way of the GEM launch, which will favorably impact South America and China. I don't want to provide guidance on 2019 yet, Rod. It's a little bit early. But, certainly, when you look at launch cadence, the benefit of the full-size truck launch, continued cost execution, again, in this broad macro environment, I see no reason why you shouldn't continue to see us progress towards our 10% margin objective in the core business.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I think yes and yes is the answer to that, Ryan. Thanks for the question. I mean, fundamentally, we've reduced our breakeven point in South America by 40% versus the prior peak not only in South America but importantly in Brazil. And you're seeing that play out in the results that we've started to put on the board the last two quarters where there was a minor recovery at least directionally, a minor recovery in the market and we're highly leveraged to that upside. So, we're constructive about the market in South America, the continued improvement in the market in South America, and layer on top of that, the global emerging market portfolio when you talked about flexibility. 90% of our volume will come from that architecture by 2020 in South America, which means huge scale benefit across multiple product entries produced largely in our low-cost facility in Gravataí and we've shifted more of our production there out of São Paulo which is higher cost within the country to Gravataí. So, fundamentally, across the board the team in South America has done an exceptional job running kind of the same playbook we ran in North America back in seven or eight years ago on rightsizing the business, driving more flexibility from a cost structure perspective. And if you look at some of the advances and benefits they've got from the labor negotiations well out in front of the competition, building more flexibility around that, the ability to take people out and do it without a lot of, I would say, speed bumps along the way with our labor partners there makes it a much more dynamic and resilient business model.
Charles K. Stevens: Wait. Those were a lot of questions in one sentence, Ryan. Let me see if I can remember them all. In the GM consolidated operations, the restructurings that we took which were India domestic business, exiting South Africa and fundamentally winding down the headquarters, we said that that was going to be a run-rate benefit of about $100 million a year on a go-forward basis. There was obviously a portion of it that impacted Q3, but not materially. I think most of that you're going to see in 2018 as we wind down and exit those operations. Australia manufacturing, we've been on kind of that path of starting to reduce production, but if you just think about a typical facility, I would think that on a year-over-year basis that's a $115 million a year benefit, given the level of production. We're only producing the Commodore in Australia. So, I would expect to see that wind through, all else equal, in 2018. Obviously, our objective with all the actions we've taken in those markets is to drive that business to profitability. And slow going thus far, but we're starting to get some traction, and you saw it in the third quarter, and we've got more to go. Relative to Korea, that is a challenging market for us. We have a strong presence there. We have a strong brand there, a healthy market share, but the cost structure there not only for us, but the overall industry in Korea, has grown to where it's not sustainable. And we're going to have to take action there on a go-forward basis to address that, to build a viable sustainable business. And I would say more to come on that. Clearly, there's challenges there with our labor partners, a very, very dynamic and challenging environment to get things done, but we've got a strategy that we're starting to execute, and like I said, I think more to come on that as it progresses. It's just too early to talk about it right now.
Charles K. Stevens: Yes. Absolutely. First was the combination from a reporting responsibility perspective under Barry Engle. And he is now responsible or will be responsible for South America and GM International markets. Obviously, the reporting is a manifestation, the external reporting is a manifestation of that structure once it's in place January 1. But fundamentally, the strategy is to take advantage of our GEM architecture and our presence in these markets to optimize across all of these businesses. So, there's clearly a strategic aspect of this, as well as an external reporting to align with the strategy.
Charles K. Stevens: Sure. We've been talking about, through the year, that we expected used car pricing to be a headwind in the year, and it fundamentally would manifest itself in the second half of the year. We didn't see it as much in the third quarter. We had talked about 7% year-over-year. I think with the recovery that we had seen already starting a lower year-over-year decline in the latter part of the second quarter and the third quarter somewhat impacted by hurricane issues that we see less than 7% at this point in time for the year, but still a headwind. And when you think about the timing of the depreciation and everything else, most of that is going to impact Q4 from that perspective. And that 's consistent with what we've been talking about all year long.
Charles K. Stevens: First, on the first question, I think the improvement that we saw in used car values in the third quarter, if anything, just delayed the mark-to-market that we're going to see in the fourth quarter as we continue to see used car pricings moderate. So, I wouldn't say there was a headwind. There was an absence of a – I wouldn't say there was a tailwind, there was an absence of a headwind in the third quarter when you think about GMF results. And on your second question, relative to inventory, the biggest driver of the inventory reduction was the production adjustments. Obviously, as we think about our plan for the year and everything else, we've built in a sales forecast that goes into that. Certainly, a 18.5 million light SAAR in September helped with that on the margin, probably 15,000, 20,000 units in the month of September overall, but not a big driver of that 160,000 unit inventory reduction.
Mary Teresa Barra: I think when you see the new truck platform come out both full-size truck and SUVs, you're going to see us having a broader portfolio that really addresses specific customer needs including from an off-road capability.
Mary Teresa Barra: Oh, absolutely. We are going to be looking globally. We're working extremely hard on the technology to have self-driving vehicles and looking at it from a safety perspective, a performance perspective, but we're working hard to lead in that area, and then we're already evaluating what markets make the most sense to generate the most shareholder value.
Mary Teresa Barra: Generally, when we look at the capital spend that we'd had in the engineering spend, we are able to do the work that we want to do from AD perspective, and by the way an EV perspective and a connectivity perspective. We're going to continue to evaluate that, but our current view is that that largely is all included, because we've been driving a lot of efficiencies, especially in the capital budget. When we look at being able to reuse architectures, reuse equipment, and then also the synergies and the work that's going on in product development. So, we will evaluate because we don't want to be constrained by being able to fund. We know speed is important to get the first mover advantage. But right now, I'd say generally it's within those bounds.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yeah, I feel that we do have a lot of the puzzle pieces. We continue to look at it. This is a very dynamic and evolving marketplace. I think the real opportunity with Strobe is we saw an opportunity, also partnering with the work that we do at the Hughes Research Labs to look at that technology, how to really improve the capability of the technology which gives you the ability to open up the areas where you can do autonomous vehicle while taking the cost significantly out and really getting to an automotive-grade LIDAR capability. So we'll continue to evaluate. I don't have anything to share right now. But again, this is fast moving and we're going to look at what makes the most sense to allow us to go with speed, with safety, and to deliver value.
Mary Teresa Barra: So, I don't have anything new to say. What we've talked about is it will be, first of all, will be gated by safety, so being able to take the driver out will – we have our metrics we defined to look at that and when we'll be ready to do that, but we think that's in quarters, not years. And as it relates to how we deploy, we very much believe we want to maintain the relationship with the customer. And so, we're exploring many options and we could partner with someone, partner with many or work on our own the Cruise application that is being used with our employees at Cruise is going quite well, in fact we have some of those people participating in their pilot that are using it for all of their transportation needs. So, it continues to – we continue to develop that, and we're keeping our options open.
Mary Teresa Barra: Certainly, that could be possible. We're keeping all options open. It's kind of in this point where the technology is evolving and the opportunity is evolving. We're having a lot of conversations, kind of everyone is talking to everyone. And we're going to continue to look at what provides us the greatest value for our shareholders over the long term because we think this is a very significant business that is accretive. And we're going to look to get – it gets gated by the technology and that's why our focus is on technology. The fact that we have everything under one roof and we can move so quickly. I mentioned that we have our third generation of vehicle – AD vehicle, test vehicle on the round, we're in parallel already working on our fourth. So, that speed with technology that is evolving so quickly, both from a hardware and a software perspective, is our primary focus. But then we're going to look to how do we launch and put a business model together that's most advantageous for our shareholders.
Mary Teresa Barra: I was just going to add that when you look at going back to what Chuck said about South America, Barry Engle and his team have done a great job of setting that business up in a even more cyclical business. And so, looking at that and taking that leadership team and looking at all of those business together is definitely going to be a benefit, and Barry is the right guy to do it.
Mary Teresa Barra: Sure. I think we've already been transparent in what we're reporting from in the Corp segment and been clear about the amount of money that we're spending on autonomous. But I think when we look it, our focus, Adam, right now is to move as quick as possible to develop the technology, have a first mover advantage and be able to not only have the safest technology, but be able to deploy it at scale. That's where our focus is right now. And there's the integration and not when you – depending on how you would separate it of where is IP, where is IP formed, right now, that's why our focus is keeping it all together. And I really do think it's enabling us to move quickly. The amount of work that goes on between Warren, Israel, Canada and San Francisco on a daily basis is stunning. And the fact that we're working on our fourth generation, that's where our focus is right now. And I think we'll have time to look at it as that develops and as the business model develops, what is the best reporting and structure from a company perspective to drive the best shareholder value.
Mary Teresa Barra: So, Super Cruise, which you're correct that we did delay because we were gated by safety. There's a lot of learning that went into that system. And it's the base that the core organization has that is now the Cruise Automation team is benefiting from of safety, of redundancy, of looking at the – one of the technologies was critically important. Super Cruise is the way we monitor the driver to make sure that they're paying attention. And so, all those learnings go into Cruise. And then – but as I look at that and I look at where the schedule we put ourselves on Cruise and how the technology is developing, I continue to be very forward-leaning on that with the work that I see happening there, and all the learnings we had from Super Cruise are transferring into Cruise Automation.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, thanks, everybody. I appreciate you participating today. I hope that you see we're demonstrating that we are a very disciplined organization, that we're going to take the bold actions and make the tough decisions to drive a profitable business and a very resilient core business. Also, we are committed moving with speed and we're going to continue to invest in EV, AD because we see huge opportunity in the future of personal mobility. We are intent on leading the transformation of this industry, and we have created a vision of zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion that we believe is the future for this industry. We are in a leadership position and we think it is the best way to generate long-term shareholder value and you will hear more as we move forward. So, thank you very much.
