Chuck Stevens: Yes, let me talk about the price first. The price and the price impact is largely isolated to SGM. Given SGMW's position in the market, their strength in the commercial vehicle segment, we're not seeing the same kind of headwind. It's really around SGM, so I think that carves off a piece of the $44 billion. Secondly, that is carryover price. So, similar to all other markets, as we launch new products they are not faced with a year-over-year price impact. So that would be the other driver of that, Rod, why that is $100 million versus just taking 1% of $44 billion. I hope that answered your question. Clearly on your fixed cost side, yes, as we mentioned in the first quarter and even in the first half, there's some incremental costs around manufacturing associated with the launch, incremental D&A, but there's still opportunities to drive improvement in fixed costs in indirect, in SG&A, in driving overall efficiency. And that is what the team is very focused on in China. Again from an overall industry perspective, it really depends on ultimately how that plays out. Our view right now is that in that low single-digit growth in industry, we will see a reasonable improvement in passenger vehicles and more headwinds in commercial vehicles in the context of that overall. So that has a bit of an impact on muting the impact on our overall results. My perspective, Rod, when looking on a year-over-year basis, the biggest risk to us or the biggest risk from a China perspective is really pricing more than industry when we look at the overall picture.
Chuck Stevens: If you look at our overall volume in China, roughly half of it is SGM and half is Wuling, broad strokes. And within Wuling is Baojun, so the vast majority of Wuling sales are in Tier 2, 3 and 4 cities and Baojun brand is up 370% year-over-year. So that kind of gives the idea of the opportunity that we have in those cities and the expected improvement there. The pressure in the Tier 1 cities is really where the foreign OEMs dominate. That's where the price pressure is and that's where some of the volume pressure is as well.
Chuck Stevens: I would think, if it translated into a full dollar of revenue it's going to be kind of similar to the price sensitivity. Hard to look at that without factoring in mix and I can't come up with a general rule of thumb, Rod, on that because there's different drivers. It depends again where that 1% would fall.
Chuck Stevens: I will talk about material costs on carryover thus far and overall [indiscernible]. From a corporate perspective, we generated about $1.1 billion of year-over-year improvement, roughly $600 million to $700 million of that was in North America. Our expectations would be we would see that continue into the second half of the year. Overall fixed costs, again from a company perspective, year-over-year look to be relatively flat to slightly up. We continue to drive a lot of efficiency with operations excellence. So overall cost, again excluding the material costs on new major kind of product programs, will be down, from a material cost perspective, relatively flat fixed. And I think that is also consistent for North America.
Chuck Stevens: The math is correct, John. When you look at just that driver of the business, look, the results in North America, 10.5% margins. I think margin speak for themselves and clearly one of the headwinds that we had to offset in the quarter was that auction issue and the loss at auction issue on fleet. But as we move through the rest of the year there will be puts and takes as well, but clearly the core operating performance in North America was very strong in the second quarter.
Chuck Stevens: I certainly wouldn't dispute your math. My message would be first half of the year North America generating 9.7% EBIT margins which to me demonstrates that we're very much on the path to a sustained 10% margin objective in 2016. So we're very pleased with the results so far.
Chuck Stevens: This goes back and we've talked about this before. This goes back to the actions we started to execute in 2012 and have been consistently executing and that is to continue to drive efficiency in the business model in South America. And the team in South America did an outstanding job earlier this year when we saw the industry performance and the growth and some of the headwinds in Brazil specifically but now kind of spreading through the rest of the region, took very, very proactive action. We talked about that a bit with the Q1 release. We've cut our workforce, hourly and salaried, by 20%. We're going to see the benefit of that in the second half of the year and going into 2016. Frankly, I would expect for South America to see second-half results kind of similar to last year which is relatively close to breakeven, even under the current economic situation. Hard to predict what's going to happen, but under the current economic situation I think you're going to see kind of the same cadence as last year. And my take away is we're highly leveraged to any recovery in South America and I think the actions we have been taking over the last few years will put us in position to quickly get into a positive profit position there.
Chuck Stevens: Again, second quarter results is another proof point that the underlying business has the capability and we're very much on track to our 2016 commitments. Typically, if you look at Europe seasonally, Q3 is generally weaker than the second quarter just because there's broad-based shutdowns across the whole industry and all the countries. So seasonality would suggest some headwinds in the second half versus the performance in the second quarter. And as we talked about, big launch with the Astra, so there will be some launch-related costs, both manufacturing and potentially marketing, as we tail out of the year. But for me it was very, very promising and very optimistic based on the results in the second quarter that we're developing and executing to our 2016 commitment. The results are starting to be a proof point around that.
Chuck Stevens: We have a 10b5-1 program. It will run through the next window which will open somewhere around July 28. We do have somewhat of a built-in flexibility where we can increase the amount of shares that we're buying within that program depending on the performance of the stock. Overall on stock buyback, consistent with the commitments that we made when we rolled out the capital allocation framework, we've been aggressive. We've been aggressive within the overall objective to drive our target cash down to $20 billion, bought back $2.1 billion thus far of a $5 billion program and we're going to, as aggressively and prudently, as possible continue to act because clearly our stock is undervalued.
Chuck Stevens: If I look at quarter-over-quarter broad strokes in the second quarter, retail was down slightly 1.4%, wholesale was up slightly 1.4%, so reasonably balanced. Where we're seeing good performance on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter on retail, importantly Cadillac and Baojun and in SUVs which are up north of 80%. And that same dynamic holds on wholesales. But from a dealer inventory perspective, clearly at the end of second quarter as sales kind of trailed off our inventory picked up. We're not way out of range of our target that picked up about 20,000 units and we will work as we go through the second half of the year to make sure we align supply and demand. We want to make sure that we proactively manage that with our dealers and we have been doing that in the first half of the year, so a little bit out of balance at the end of the second quarter but not significantly.
Chuck Stevens: SAIC is a great partner and very, very commercially minded, so -- and we have demonstrated that. We have regular meetings, they were just in Detroit early in June for the SGM Board meeting and we were there in April, so we're totally aligned on where this business needs to go.
Chuck Stevens: Well, you're right on the first part, wholesales being greater than production largely was driven by auction disposals of rental vehicles. Generally, if you look at the overall EBIT impact, the rental vehicles don't contribute a lot to the bottom line so that extra wholesale was not real accretive to earnings in the quarter. In fact, obviously the auction loss had a bit of headwind impact for us.
Chuck Stevens: So our outlook for the year, you're right with the math once again that it's going to be -- sustained performance in the second half of the year would put our equity income in the range, give or take, of $2 billion. We have not moved off of our margin objectives in China of 9% to 10% net margins. First half of the year we generated [Technical Difficulty] percent, so we're not moving off that. And we have not moved off our longer term guidance, mid-guidance on continuing 9% to 10% margins. Clearly, we will continue to closely monitor the market in China. We will closely monitor the developments through the rest of this year and potential implications over the next couple years, but we haven't changed our view either on this year or going forward yet.
Chuck Stevens: The execution is going very well, very much according to plan. And as I talked about in Q1 when we announced this, I would expect the impact of Russia and European results to diminish as we go through the year. And, frankly, looking at Q3, Q4 it's going to be relatively immaterial based on our current view. So we will have wound through those implications as we finish the sell down and the regular commercial operations that are still impacting EBITDA adjusted.
Chuck Stevens: Sure. Capital spend first half of the year $3.4 billion which was relatively consistent with last year first half. We've got pretty significant launches as you think about the rest of the year, Astra, Cruze, Malibu. We certainly expect capital spending and the cash associated with that to increase in the second half of the year. We're not moving off of our $9 billion guidance for the year yet, Itay. We will continue to monitor that as we go through the year. As I talked about free cash flow before, I said flat to slightly up. Based on the performance we've seen so far, I wouldn't necessarily change that perspective, but I might underline or emphasize slightly up on a year-over-year basis. Our performances on cash flow is a bit ahead of plan, so we're optimistic that we will be able to do better than we anticipated, but we're not changing the overall guidance yet.
Chuck Stevens: First, as Mary mentioned earlier, Ryan, we continue to expect China to grow. We haven't changed our long-term view of China to be somewhere in the range of $35 million and we're not the only ones that do that. Yes, clearly we look at downturn scenarios. We look at potential implications that growth isn't as aggressive as we thought it was and in a rapidly maturing market there's going to be increased volatility. We're not anticipating a year-over-year sales decline yet, but clearly that is something that we model and we look at the opportunities to offset that and what that would be. I'm not ready to share that at this point in time, but we do that across the whole company across all the regions. I would say that we have not moved off our guidance for the year and we have not moved off our 9% to 10% guidance for 2016 and beyond at this point in time. And, as I mentioned earlier, we will continue to monitor the situation there and if something changes then we will communicate it appropriately.
Chuck Stevens: And let's bifurcate just a bit between SGM and SGMW and we talked about it before when we talked about 2015 and what we expected to do. Pricing headwinds -- and, clearly, they are more challenging than we thought -- would be offset by mix, mix driven by SUVs and Cadillac growth. We're seeing both of that in the SGM channel, the growth in SUVs up 80% and Cadillac is up year-over-year. We always looked at that not only for 2015, but beyond as a way to continue to maintain the margins in China. SGMW, I think you have two implications. You have the passenger car growth in the Baojun brand that is really going to help us in Tier 2, 3 and 4 cities and you have SUVs. And the SUV market is split between kind of premium SUVs, like Buick Envision, the Trax as an example, Encore and other products sold in the Tier 1 cities and the lower cost SUVs which are a big growth dynamic in Tier 2 and 3 and 4. So SUVs apply to both Tier 1 and Tier 2, 3 and 4 cities. Cadillac applies to Tier 1. That mix is what is going to help us maintain those 9% to 10% margins, assuming conditions normalize as we expect they will and get back on a growth trajectory in China.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, that will be in GM Financial's results and it will be GM Financial's results that they publish later today. Broad strokes, it's about $25 million of benefit in the second quarter on our equity share in GMF.
Chuck Stevens: I will give a broad perspective. Overall, in the U.S. industry this year our expectations are, on a retail basis, a relatively benign pricing environment. We talked about that when we talked about carryover pricing back at the beginning of the year and that's playing out. And I would expect to see pricing improve as we move through the rest of the year and start to launch some of the new products. In Q3, Q4 or early Q4, the carryover pricing dynamic will continue as it has been in the first part of the year. From an incentive spending perspective, that will -- as a percent of transaction price, that will toggle back and forth depending on specific go-to-market strategies at any point. My expectation, Emmanuel, for the rest of the year would be that we will be at the run rate we have been for the entire year, somewhere in the range of 10.5% to 11% for the balance of the year. Overall industry has been disciplined. We have been disciplined and we're going to continue to be disciplined, but there can be some volatility within an individual month for sure.
Chuck Stevens: We indicated at the beginning of the year that we expected roughly $1.2 billion of restructuring-related cash and about $1.5 billion of recall-related cash to impact the results this year. Still generally in line with that first half, and second half will be about half. And so very much according to plan on both restructuring and recall-related cash.
Chuck Stevens: I think there are two aspects of that. There's preproduction start up and launch from the manufacturing perspective and I think that will primarily hit in 2016 and then there's launch-related costs which would be advertising. On any major program, when you look at both of those, they are roughly about the same. The launch manufacturing costs and the marketing launch costs are roughly the same. So again, thinking about the launch cadence -- the Cruze, Malibu and everything else I would think there is going to be some manufacturing primarily in the fourth quarter and marketing primarily in kind of the first quarter and second quarter next year, broad strokes.
Chuck Stevens: Typically second half of the year generally in line. I would suggest that as we cycle through the third quarter there we're going to work our way through these auction losses. Then you have the fourth quarter with the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday. So for planning perspective, I would think relatively flat to slightly down in the second half of the year versus the first half on wholesales. Again, just given the seasonality in the fourth quarter.
Chuck Stevens: I think the fixed costs in the second half of the year will be up versus the first half associated with the launch-related costs. The team in North America has just done a dynamic, great job in scheming the business and driving efficiency in the first half. But, again, I would expect to see launch-related costs, fixed costs be up in the second half and similar level of material performance in the second half of the year as well that we saw in the first half.
Chuck Stevens: Russia losses moderated for sure in Q2 versus Q1 and pricing likely got better in Q2 versus Q1. It did get better as the Corsa and Vivaro ramped up. Those would be the two biggest drivers Q2 versus Q1.
John Murphy: I'm just trying to understand, if we were to back out those recall actions, as well as the restructuring, you probably would've been doing more like a 12.4% margin in North America. Obviously, there will be puts and takes as we go through the rest of the year and go into 2016, but I mean the ongoing underlying performance is even stronger. Although 10.5% is impressive, it looks like the underlying performance is even stronger than what is generally perceived and I'm just trying to make sure we understand that right. But I think that's kind of about where the math shakes out.
John Murphy: Similarly on Europe, it was a good performance but there's a product launch in the second half of the year and maybe some more restructuring that might go on. How should we think about the remainder of this year? Because it looks like you are getting to breakeven already and just curious if you could hold the line on that in the second half or are there other events that might change the picture there.
John Murphy: And then just lastly on the buyback program. I just wanted to make sure you guys have a 10b5-1 program in place so you can buy through the blackout period. Also, is that runoff sort of a grid or is there a real program in place so when the stock drops there is significantly more buyback? Just trying to understand how that program is being run and if there's any blackout period or you can just run straight through the quarter.
Mary Barra: I think it works very well. The partners work day-to-day, even the -- the senior leadership of the team is very close to our SAIC partners. And so we very proactively, as we started to see things change, together worked to look for efficiencies, looked to seize opportunities in the SUV market. Again, with the portfolio that we have. We just launched the 560 which is a very important product for Baojun, an SUV. So from the portfolio to managing mix to looking for opportunities, we work on an integrated basis day-to-day with a very strong relationship, so there's no extra hurdle there to go after that.
Mary Barra: What I would also say is, in addition to having a great relationship with a partner where we aggressively look at the challenges in the marketplace and how to manage the business appropriately, our head of China, Matt Tsien, was in town last week. And Chuck, myself, Dan and others spent an incredible amount of time making sure we have a good read of what's happening, what to expect and the actions we need to take again to stay in front of it.
Mary Barra: I think if you look even a couple years back, I think the SGMW team was very good at looking to see the shifts that were coming with the creation of the Baojun brand and then not only passenger vehicles from the commercial vehicles that they are so good at building to the SUVs and with the MPV that we will rolled out and now the SUV that coming out. So I think it was anticipating where the market was going and that something also, with the partner and the senior leadership. We look and try to look over the horizon to see where the market is going to be, where the opportunity is. Then that is a very capable team from an execution perspective. They have a very good, strong brand reputation across the country. If you look at this Baojun 560 SUV, it has I would say, some pretty substantial technology in it when you look at connectivity, when you look at crash, when you look at the material strategy with high strength steel. So I think we're very well-positioned and I think somewhat uniquely positioned in that we have such a very important partnership with a very strong domestic maker in the China market.
Mary Barra: Again, I'm not going to comment on the specifics, but I think when you look at it, we're working with the UAW and having conversations on a daily and weekly basis. And so we're going to look at where we have capacity announcement expansion, new product investments to make and we look at doing that at the right time. It's a continual cycle. I would say one of the takeaways is it's a continual discussion, and I think we have improved the relationship and both parties work hard to do that. That is not to say that there is not issues that we have got to solve. We're actively working and doing that and using our creative and constructive problem-solving to look at the issues and find the right solution that is going to be good for the company and help us improve our competitiveness, as well as be something that is good for the workforce because the UAW, as you step back aside from the negotiations, we work jointly together on safety and I think our safety leadership represents that, the quality work we're doing. And we're taking that to the next level. When you look at the scheming that we have done our plants to be able to get more midsize trucks and every single full-size truck and SUV out, again that's doing that in partnership. So that is the fundamentals of the relationship. We'll work through the issues. Again, we're constantly talking so it's not as it may have been in the past that it's saving things up for the negotiation. But I don't want to underemphasize that we do have some important work to do and we're on it.
Mary Barra: Good question and it's something we have been working on for a couple years now and very actively in the way that we look at the whole system and the levels. Really when you look at cyber security you've got to look at levels of security, because you look at vehicles on the road today, they are on the road for 11 years. And so as we move into a world that has more connectivity you've got to make sure not only do you have many layers of protection in the design of the vehicle, but then also what's very important is our over-the-air capability as well. That if something happens you are able to quickly go in and prevent and correct if that's necessary. So we named last year our champion, naming a Chief Product Security Officer, Jeff Massimilla, who is on our team, who lives and breathes this every day. We've partnered with external experts. We regularly do testing, but this is an area you have to stay diligent on and keep looking because it's across all of industry. We take it very seriously, we work hard at it every day and it's a key focus.
Mary Barra: Absolutely. Actually adding capacity in China is something that we can do quite quickly. So we will continue to monitor the situation and look at, as we have our plans to add capacity, to do it prudently with a daily read on where the market is and then looking over that horizon from a trend of where it's going. So we will be monitoring that closely and we will only do when we think it's prudent to do.
Mary Barra: I think there is a lot of different ways to add capacity. You can add capacity by increasing line rate which is more equipment changes or smaller expansions, all the way to an all-new plan and each of those have different timelines. But I would also say China is one of the quickest across all of those aspects of being able to add capacity. Again, those are all the levers we have. Just a for-instance example, if you see you still need capacity but it might be slightly less than what you thought, you can pick an option of expanding an existing plan or increasing line rate, etc. So we will be looking at all of that, that is something we have a lot of experience from around the globe that we bring to the table as we work with our partner. Again, it will be very dynamic and based on not only the day, the month, but what we see and what we predict the trend will be as we go forward.
Mary Barra: Thank you very much. Appreciate everybody's participation on the call. Hopefully you saw we recognize that China's a big concern, obviously the market has changed, more volatile. It's moderating. We tried to really be specific and share with you how we think about China and have that be the foundation for what we think and we're going to keep the pressure on ourselves to deliver in the second half of the year. But, rest assured, we're actively monitoring it daily and also be working very hard to proactively position ourselves to continue to drive the performance that we have. I would also like to say, as you look across all the regions and I won't repeat all of them, but there are a lot of challenges and opportunities in each of the regions. Hopefully you see the GM leadership team is really seizing opportunities and mitigating challenges in a very proactive fashion. We think our overall results demonstrate the very strong earnings potential of this company. And we believe when you look at what we have been able to accomplish in the first half of this year, it lays the foundation for the commitments that we've made for 2016 that we're very focused on executing and providing the proof point that we're doing what we say we're going to do. As we move forward, we're going to continue to execute with discipline with all aspects of our plan, including our capital allocation framework and we're confident that we will continue to drive profitable growth, strong returns on invested capital which we demonstrated this quarter, all to drive shareholder value and that is our focus day in and day out. So thanks again, everybody. I really appreciate your time.
