John Stapleton: Well, I mean what we're seeing specifically relative to the industry is actually quite stronger -- much stronger in the recent months versus what we were seeing in COVID. You can look at our bridge. I think we're calling out cost savings, excluding warranty, of about $700 million quarter-on-quarter. I think you're asking what could stick, what translates forward. I think a big chunk, Itay, of the savings really represents the austerity actions that we put in place in Q2. And where -- they bled into Q3. And as operations start to normalize as our plants continue to run hard, we will start to see some of that cost go back into the system in Q4 and beyond.
John Stapleton: Sure. Yes. I mentioned that our 2021 could be in line -- more in line with pre-COVID levels, really not that indifferent than what we reviewed at Capital Markets Day back in February. We do have the puts and the takes. We mentioned plus EV spend. We mentioned potential commodity headwinds really in the platinum group metals. The tailwinds: the full year of full-size SUV and inventory build opportunity, and so potential COVID cost savings. So EBIT-wise, not that real indifferent than where we were at the Capital Markets Day.  On the cash side, a little different. Cash side, we actually delayed $2 billion of CapEx spend this year that will get retimed into next year. And as a result of our strategic decision to accelerate our investments, we will see some of this accrete into 2021 as well.
John Stapleton: No. I mean pre-COVID, Rod, I think at Capital Markets Day, we were guiding EPS diluted adjusted somewhere around $6.5 -- I think it was $5.75 to $6.25. And you can extrapolate that to our EBIT number. As we look forward into '21, we think we could be there. Our goal would obviously -- the puts and the takes could offset each other, but a lot is really dependent as we move forward in this uncertain world.
John Stapleton: As we look to next year, it's still a difficult environment. I think everybody can see that. I think your question, is there any possible upside? I think some of the upside that we see is we'll have a full year of our Tracker, which is the SUV, we'll have a full year next year. And really, Rod, we've taken quite a bit of price this year, and that price will carry into next year, which will be a tailwind for us. I think those are the two positives that we can point to for next year in South America.
John Stapleton: I guess, John, I guess a couple of comments there. As we look forward -- we've worked hard on the $4 billion to $4.5 billion. We're looking hard at what can we make stick from an austerity perspective. We do have some tailwinds with the all-new full-size SUVs, 3 brands, we've got some strength there.  If you look at the last handful of years, we've been in launch mode, really, launching our T1 platform, the Silverado, Sierra and the SUVs. And now we're -- we've got the launch behind us. And so going forward, yes, I mean, we're going to utilize some of that strength. And I think we've talked about North America 10% margins. We've demonstrated in the last 5 years we can do 10% in most years and even some quarters better than 10%.  Some of that, though, will actually have to use to pay some of the acceleration of our EVs on a go-forward basis. And I think Mary mentioned we're going to go hard at this and more to come at Barclays in the middle of the month.
John Stapleton: No. I mean we didn't really bake COVID uncertainty, if you will, into our SAAR projection. What we are seeing, though, on the retail side, in particular, very, very strong. If you look at the retail SAAR for H2, it's virtually in line with last year. Last year, in total, we had 17.5 million units. So the actual reduction, if you will, in the second half of the year relates more toward fleet, daily rental companies. Fleet customers have dialed back a bit. But we see -- barring a major event in COVID, we do see continued strong retail SAAR in the second half and into Q4.
John Stapleton: I think that we'll -- I think that was a very high number. We were coming off of launches, and we wanted to build a little bit of inventory as we walked into the second half of last year. I think what we're seeing now with this focused ordering approach with our dealers -- and dealers are learning to operate at much lower inventory levels. They're taking cost out. That allows us to take cost out. I don't see the 800,000 to transfer into the future. We do see a lower number.
John Stapleton: Yes. For Q2, we burned $9 billion, so we had a huge unwind. Q3, it was almost dollar-for-dollar rewind. We generated $9.1 billion of free cash flow. As we look forward, Q4 and beyond, we're really more toward the normalized levels now, not as big or hardly any impact on a managed working capital. It's already happened in Q3.
Mary Barra: Well, I think you're seeing rideshare companies want to do their part from a 0 emissions perspective, and so providing the drivers the opportunity to have an EV that's within reach. And the Chevrolet Bolt EV is an excellent vehicle. We deployed it in past in the rideshare environment. And it was -- it did very well. It's very functional from that perspective. So we think it's a good offering, and we're going to continue to make that available and see how we can grow that business.
Mary Barra: Yes. The only thing I would add, Rod, is also in addition to what John said, the team has just done an excellent job of continuing to take cost out of the business. So the team is very hungry to deliver positive results. And so they're committed and working day and night on that.
Mary Barra: So we're going to share a lot more of our EV strategy when we're at the Barclays conference later this month. But I would say we have done a lot since March -- the March EV Day, continued aggressively on the battery technology development and very pleased where we're at. From an Ultium perspective, we announced the Ultium Drive. That gives us a lot of flexibility and scale in addition to the wireless battery management system. So you can see there's a lot of work going on from a technology perspective to make sure we have leading technology.  We've shared the Cadillac Lyriq and the GMC Hummer EV. Both reveals went exceptionally well, and the customer feedback from both has been very, very strong. In addition, we have announced the $2 billion investment in Factory ZERO in Detroit-Hamtramck. That will be an all-EV plant. We have the Ultium Cells LLC in Lordstown ahead of schedule, and we're hiring. And then we have the Spring Hill announcement, which is about a $2 billion investment as well. So when you step back and look at the potential that GM has from an EV perspective, we can leverage our iconic brands that have a relationship with customers across the country and, frankly, across the globe; leverage the technical capability of the team, which I'd put against any other group; the ability that we have to quickly convert our manufacturing facilities and get the scale very quickly not only from a component perspective, but in building.  So when you look at all those things, our major goal is to make sure that we are in a leading position from getting the new vehicles out. We've already talked about the fact that Ultium will give us profitable electric vehicles. And we think leading and getting vehicles across the entire market, leveraging our brands is going to be very important. Lastly, you mentioned dealers. And what I'll say, we are working in partnership with dealers. There's already been quite a bit of transformation. And we're finding that some customers want to do everything online. Other customers still want to literally kick the tires. The new systems that we're deploying, the GM-based systems that we're deploying with our dealers are helping. I also mentioned that we're leveraging systems to help dealers order the fastest-moving and often most profitable vehicles. So that's improving their business as well. So we're working in partnership with our dealers to transform and provide an excellent customer experience. The last proof point I'll give you is the GMC Hummer EV, where you look at with 4 steps being able to make a deposit on a vehicle and improve pricing transparency so customers know exactly what they're going to pay, no incentives, no discounting, no haggling. And this is all being done in partnership with our dealers. So there's a lot more to come here, and I'm very pleased with the great work that we're doing together.
Mary Barra: Well, Emmanuel, as I've always said, we're committed to and have taken many steps in our EV business as well as our autonomous business to maximize the ability to unlock long-term shareholder value, not something that's going to necessarily cause a quick pop. When you look at all of the assets that we bring to that and recognize that EV is a propulsion system, there's many other parts of the vehicle, we're focused on speed and what's going to drive the business and growth over the long term. So we'll talk more about it at the Barclays conference. But our focus is absolutely on unlocking shareholder value and speed to market.
Mary Barra: Sure. As we mentioned in September, we announced a nonbinding MOU. We continue to have discussions, are making great progress on a definitive agreement. And the scope of things that we're working on are platform sharing, sharing with R&D, connectivity solutions as well as purchasing. So -- and if you think about the items that I've just mentioned, those are -- can lead to significant cost savings. So we'll have more to outline as we get to a definitive agreement, but it's a pretty broad look at what we can do together to make us both more efficient and also make -- allow for leading technology and EVs and platforms in the market.
Mary Barra: I think probably need to let us get the definitive agreement before I start quantifying and timing them, Emmanuel, if that's okay.
Mary Barra: But I think it's a really good point, John, that our North America business, especially the strength of our full-size truck platform and the franchise there, full-size SUVs, gives us excellent opportunity to self-fund our growth in EVs and then leverage all the assets we bring, whether it's manufacturing, engineering, technology.  So I think we have to focus in on what it takes to really put vehicles on the road that are long-term durable and high quality, also that customers want. And I think, frankly, that's been a little bit underappreciated. But when you look at the earnings potential, even with the adjustments that you made in North America, we're going to go hard at EVs and demonstrate the assets that we're going to bring to it. And the North America performance that John is being a bit modest about allows us to do that.
Mary Barra: So I think a couple of points, and I'm really glad that you asked the question. So we have -- from an Ultium perspective, we have a very robust road map of how we're going to work to take costs out and really leverage the scale and the opportunity that we have when you think about the market size that we have in North America as well as China. And there's other markets that are open for us. So I think there's a huge opportunity for EV growth in our business.  And as we mentioned, I think what you're referring to on cycle times is the fact that the GMC Hummer EV is the fastest vehicle development we've ever put on the road. We're using new technology and tools. The fact that the way the Ultium platform has been designed, it's very modular. So that allows for reuse of engineering. That speeds up the process. The design team with how the Ultium platform -- when you're not trying to retrofit an ICE platform but you start with an EV-intended platform, that gives you a lot of design freedom and flexibility. You're seeing that with the LYRIQ and with the GMC Hummer, and there's more to come.  So all of those things are allowing us to have a much faster global vehicle development process to get the vehicles on the road. And so we'll share more about that, but that -- those are all the elements that are allowing us to do that.  And again, the milestones we've established and the speed at which we plan taking cost out from the battery -- because cost on EVs is all about the battery. And so getting those costs down, controlling what we need to control, and I think you've seen are a definite change at General Motors of how we did ICE vehicles versus the way we're doing EVs with controlling and having the JV on cell manufacture. So we're rethinking every aspect of the business to make sure that it's going to allow us speed, it's going to allow us to have a cost base that allows us to enter many more segments with profitable EVs into the marketplace, which I think then that represents the growth opportunity in front of us.
Mary Barra: Well, I think we have to look at that, that it will be customer-driven. Because I think if you step back and you go 5, 6 years ago, mid-cycle enhancements are all about the exterior. And now not only do you have changes you can make to the exterior possibly faster, but also what you can do internally. And with our vehicle intelligence platform and the ability to do over-the-air updates, whether it's something new that you're going to put out on a model or something that you can upgrade in a previous model to, that's all new business for us in the services side of it. So don't underestimate the fact that I think John said we're going to have VIP on about 33 vehicles, was it, John, by 2023. And of course, that will be driving our EV vehicles as well.
Mary Barra: Absolutely. We will definitely be bringing EVs to market faster than what the plan was a year ago. We've learned a lot in the last year. And the speed at which we're developing the Lyriq and the Hummer, I think, are evidence of that. And so we definitely will have vehicles in market more quickly with our new strategy.
Mary Barra: So the trajectory that we have for the Ultium battery technology is going to allow us in this initial rollout of Ultium to have vehicles in the high-volume segments. So we definitely plan on -- when you think about our brands, where Chevy plays in the heart of the market in value, we will have entries across our brands and across segments and into affordable high-volume segments.
Mary Barra: So Adam, one is the Honda isn't a possibility. It's already a done deal that Honda will be leveraging our Ultium platform for two vehicles. So -- and there's just more opportunity as we work with them. I don't have anything specific to share right now on others, but I would just tell you there are other conversations underway.
Mary Barra: Adam, I think we're going to still follow our capital allocation strategy, which means reinvest in the business to generate appropriate returns, a blended return on invested capital of 20%. We're going to maintain an investor-grade balance sheet. And then the third pillar, as you suggest, was returning to shareholders. I think what you hear us saying is we do believe that there are a number of very important programs and services that we can deploy that are going to lead to growth of General Motors. I can't talk about the rest of the world, but we see a huge growth opportunity for General Motors. That's why we're accelerating EVs, putting the focus on services with the addition of Alan Wexler joining the organization. And so we see a growth opportunity that focus on that first pillar.  We'll still maintain it because we want to do the right thing for all of our investors. But we will be heavily focused on the growth opportunity, and that's facilitated by the first pillar.
Mary Barra: So the way I would look at it, Ryan, is clearly, there were austerity measures that are more related to the pandemic. And as the business resumes manufacturing, et cetera, there will be costs that we incur.  There will be savings as well as we demonstrated through the transformation. But what you also hear us saying is we're going to accelerate EV. So some of that savings will go against that. Significantly improving the rollout of EV is going to take both engineering and capital. So I think as you look forward and try to map into '21, you have to factor in, yes, we've made permanent savings in the way we do business, but we're now accelerating other parts of the business. And some of that savings will fund that.  Some of the austerity will stick, and we'll provide more clarity around that when we get to talking about '21 in the February time frame when we roll out fourth quarter earnings.
Mary Barra: Yes. Brian, your line has got a lot of static on it. So I think I got the question. And you're talking about the digital transformation. We do view the vehicle as a digital platform. We have -- over the last 5 years or so, we have in-sourced virtually all of the software inside. That gives us the opportunity to have much better control, much better integration and speed to put new offerings. So we see a definite opportunity with over-the-air, not just for EVs, but for all of our vehicles, ICE vehicles as well, to leverage the service opportunity and build on what we have with OnStar with the number of vehicles that we have connected already. So I say that, that is a huge growth opportunity as well in both EV and ICE.
Mary Barra: Well, I mean I think if you look at the Cadillac Escalade right now, you see a -- that -- there's already 9 vehicles that have our vehicle intelligence platform in it, and that's growing. And that provides us the foundation just to build on that. So I think it will continue to grow the number of vehicles that we have with that capability. And then the services, we -- like I said, we have a team that's working on that right now as well. So as we have 30 vehicles by 2023 that have the VIP, with more following as quickly as we can, that's going to give us the opportunity to seize the service piece of it and leverage the digital platform.
Mary Barra: Yes. Well, first of all, I think it's also important to note with Honda, we're also already sharing EV platforms. So it's hard to quantify that. I will tell you that we are -- much of our capital and engineering is now over-indexing into EVs. And as I mentioned, we already have sharing going on with Honda on that.  But I think your point of -- for being flexible with how quickly the EV transformation will happen and having the right products from an ICE perspective as well as an EV perspective, joining with Honda on those key platforms that may continue for a while allows us to do that much more efficiently. I mean it cuts it in half virtually for the core and then we each do our top hits that we go to market with a very different offering. So there is tremendous savings there. It's hard for me to quantify that because it changes year-to-year based on what programs we're engineering and launching.  But I will tell you -- so I would just say there's significant cost savings available. It will be as we commonize platforms, we have already started to do that from an EV perspective. So there's potential further opportunity there, and it just makes us more efficient.
Mary Barra: I would say anything is possible. We have to look for what makes the most sense and how, I'll say, new program schedules align. But we're opening to look for ways to drive efficiency across the industry. We're very open to that.
Mary Barra: Well, if you look at commercialization, we're going to continue our development and testing work that we're already engaged in and then the discussions with regulators to ensure that both from a technology and a regulatory perspective we're in a position to operate commercially.  When you think about what we've announced with what we're going to do yet this year in San Francisco with the testing without a safety driver in the vehicle, I think that that's just another level of milestones that we need to achieve. And then -- and we'll be the first doing it in a complex urban environment. And why that's so important is, if you think about even today's ride-sharing, the opportunity for profitability is in dense urban environments. And so being able to deploy the technology there instead of in a suburban environment, I think, gives us a faster pathway to commercialization and profitability. And the vehicle capability will only continue, and that means then the area, the geofence area that the vehicle can -- vehicles can operate in grows as well. So both will go together.
Mary Barra: Well, thanks, everyone. I really appreciate everybody's interest, especially in our EV transformation. But to sum up the quarter, it was a very strong quarter. Very proud of the team for the great results that were delivered. And I think it demonstrates that we're fully maximizing our strong new vehicle portfolio both in crossovers, full-size trucks and full-size SUV, obviously being helped by a recovering market. We also greatly accelerated our EV and our AV progress. We've talked a lot about that this morning, and we have more to announce very soon. And it does, I think, start to outline a very significant growth opportunity for General Motors. Overall, the team has worked very hard to build an agile and resilient business. I think we've demonstrated that over the second and the third quarter. We are committed to not only continuing to run a strong business with all of our franchise, but also focus on growth opportunities that will create long-term value for our shareholders. So I want to thank everybody again for participating. And please stay safe, stay healthy, wear your mask.
