Daniel Akerson: Thanks, Dan. So to recap I would characterize the fourth quarter results as another step in the right direction. We had improved our global sales volume, improved our market share, higher EBIT adjusted earnings, and better margins in the fourth quarter 2010. We posted solid results of both GMNA and GMIO and as mentioned continued challenges in Europe and South America which we are addressing rather aggressively. Like Yogi Berra said, it’s tough to make predictions especially about the future. But for 2012 we expect the global industry to continue to rebound and we anticipate being able to grow the top line. Finally, as this slide shows, slide 30, our business model for today’s GM remains a beacon for us to follow. We continue to systematically execute our plan which includes investing in new products, strengthening our balance sheet, preserving our low breakeven point, and growing in emerging markets. We have three key elements to long term sustained performance which you see in this pyramid. On the bottom, the foundation, is our aim to reduce the company’s risk profile. Good examples of this are the actions Dan discussed around reducing our pension and OPEB exposure. This improved risk profile allows us to reinvest in the company consistently through good and bad times. Smoothing out the work load in product development and most importantly consistently launching great new products in key market growth areas. As Dan mentioned we anticipate increasing our reinvestment into the products CapEx at a higher rate in 2012 in a more sustainable target level. Second, we continue to leverage GM's leading position in key growth markets and to a sustainable profitable growth. That includes strengthening the value of all of our brands around the world. Just look at the success of Chevrolet in 2011, over 3 million sales outside the United States. And at the top is our overall vision to design, build, and sell the world’s best vehicle. Everything we do start and ends with great products. And the numbers prove that the plan is working. With global market share up 4/10th of a percentage point, net income up 11%, strong margins and positive pricing around the globe. That’s our plan. We hear to it day and day out. We continue to be vigilant in reducing cost and complexity while at the same time keeping product king above all else. Thank you and now we will take your questions.
Daniel Akerson: But I think the advertising is indicative of the initiatives and outcome and it only because of public. We have on the order of $3.5 billion in global advertising. We had dozens of advertising agency, some multiple media managers and many creative, and we just let that become too decentralized and we lost our purchasing power. So it was supported in advertising, and this will make hundreds of millions of dollars a year difference to us. Some of that will take to the bottom line and some of it will become a better more efficient advertiser and will get a bigger share of voice in the market place. But it gives you an idea of to go to dance the way he described it, we are going to manage it as one big company and leverage our scale. We haven’t done that sufficiently in the past rather than be in many little companies. We don’t want to be divided and conquered. We want to have as much power on a global basis as we can and we’ll look forward to either cost opportunities or the ability to get a greater share of voice in this instance or potentially more market share.
Daniel Akerson: Yeah, I think that right now we have roughly 40% of our plants on three shifts. We can continue where demand requires to take plants up to three shifts, and when that happens obviously we will be hiring people back to man those shifts. I think on a theoretical basis we could take our capacity utilization up to about a 125% or 130% as measured on a two crew, two shift basis. So we’ve got some obviously potential upside from a capacity perspective without putting in brick and mortar, we’ll just have to hire people to man those shifts.John Murphy – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Right, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Daniel Akerson: This is Dan Akerson. Let me weigh-in on that. I think there is a general recognition by all constituencies that the situation in Europe today is not a whole lot different than it was in the United States or North America generally three-plus years ago. I think there is a constructive engagement and I think everybody around the table understand that there has been a material change in the outlook for European economies generally. That’s in the paper every day, and it’s certainly weighing on the consumer’s mind and how they look at it. So, I think as Dan briefly touched upon it though, this is an element of our going-forward perspective or strategy that we have to match capacity with demand and demand has been falling. But, more broadly, more systemically, we have got to look at every aspect of the business and one of our goals is to make sure that we have the proper scale for the opportunity that’s offered in the intermediate to near term, and then we have to structure the company for a long-term profitability and sustainability. But we’re looking at everything and in order to achieve a better breakeven point, a lower breakeven point and scale. So, when you – there is more to come on this, I think in the next couple of months, but we’re not approaching the problem on a one-dimensional or two-dimensional basis.
Daniel Akerson: Well, the fourth quarter is, as you know, is sort of seasonally the weakest quarter of the year. If look back on 2010 and 2011, you see that impact. Production was down, as you point out in the fourth quarter. So, as to the cost savings target, obviously a lot depends on the dynamics in the market, and as you well know, the first lever that tends to get pulled in Europe has been the price lever and that’s certainly what we’ve seen over the last few months here with volumes sort of following that down. So, clearly the price-volume combination, how we play that, how the industry plays that is going to be the biggest single determinant of profitability outcomes in the immediate term in addition to obviously the cost actions and other things we’re going after.
Chuck Stevens: Okay, Brian, presumably you are referring to the Q4 half a billion dollars improvement. On a year-over-year basis we saved about a $100 million in advertising last year. We had a pretty heavy launch cadence this year. We generated some efficiency from some of the global marketing efforts that we are undertaking. We picked up about a $100 million in engineering. We have talked before about the year-over-year improvement and depreciation and amortization and that was worth a couple of $100 million and then a $100 million across all other costs. So those were primary drivers of the improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah. From a North American perspective in Q4, material, freight, the net impact was marginal. For the year about a $400 million headwind primarily freight, but for the fourth quarter it’s relatively flat year-over-year.
Chuck Stevens: If you look at 2011, price versus mix, slight headwind from a North American perspective. And I would say that in general terms I would expect to see kind of the same outcome in 2012 although kind of the nominal of both of those will be reduced, I think we will have a little bit less price and a little bit less mix implications in 2012 versus 2011.
Chuck Stevens: Adam, Chuck. I would say it’s fundamentally any one time items kind of netted to zero there were some puts and takes, but fundamentally there wasn’t a dollar adjustment or a significant retroactive reserve adjustment or anything else like that. So it was pretty fundamental operating performance in Q4.
Chuck Stevens: We don’t break out the relative contribution of those, but I mean what drove the asset performance was an aggregate long duration fixed income exposure.
Chuck Stevens: I guess from our perspective we made some fairly aggressive base model price increases in 2011 to recover and actually over recover the impact of commodity price increases and freight increases. So, in the first half of the year you will see that impact roll through in 2012 because we put those price increases on kind of midyear. So from the way we are thinking about the business right now between the 2012 base price increases and new model pricing related to some of our launch products I would say that a fair amount of the net pricing will roll through in first half of the year, then we will have to monitor the situation from an industry perspective to see what happens with incentives and other opportunities. That’s kind of my perspective on the North American pricing environment right now.Timothy Denoyer – Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, so with the little bit of a headwind I guess the follow up question is – with a little bit of headwind in the second half, is there any chance of going forward with some of the K2XX launch.
Daniel Ammann: Sure, it’s my favorite topic. Clearly, the de-risking move that we began to make in 2010 when we started talking about that has helped us significantly through this year, and if you look at our asset returns relative to just about any other pension plan they are obviously very high. A big chunk of that is because of the waiting that we added fixed income during this year. So that’s not a move that was made, you know, at the end of the year that’s a move that’s been underway for an extended period of time and would benefit us significantly from that move relative to where we are. So, you see the allocations there. I mean we still benefit on a net basis from an increase in interest rates make no mistakes. So if rates go up that will clearly benefit us, but we have materially less downside during the course of this year than we would have had if we had not made the asset moves that we made beginning 12 to 18 months ago.
Daniel Ammann: 10% is a safe assumption. Clearly, it will move around depending on where profitability is generated around the world, but on safer modeling purposes at least for now I would use 10%.
Daniel Ammann: Part of what I said and Chuck can add on too. But what I said in my prepared remarks is that we are anticipating some impact from those costs this year and that’s factored in our cost observation here and we are working to offset those with some of the other initiatives that we are working on.
Daniel Ammann: Sure. Well, [indiscernible] I guess the most important thing we are working on is de-risking the plants and managing and understanding that under status volatility. We have no required contributions to the next five years at least. So we have a tremendous amount of flexibility in sort of when and how we deploy cash into the pension plans. As you point out one benefit of putting the cash into the plan as you get to earn your accounting rate of return assumption on that, but frankly that in our mind isn’t good enough reason on its own, just to put that cash in there, and once it’s in there you can't get it out of there. So, we are focused first and foremost on the de-risking strategy. We obviously would rather get some tailwind from asset returns and discount rate to bring the plan more closely to fully funded before we start dropping large amounts of cash into the plant. So, we want to preserve flexibility. We have the flexibility to play this out for a little longer and that’s what we are doing.
Daniel Ammann: We are working up and down the P&L as I have said earlier. This is not a one dimensional problem of only capacity, and that's the only problem and everything else is fine. We are working up and down the P&L product portfolio. We think it’s in very good shape. We are making sure that our quality of sales mix and country mix and all of that is getting optimized. We are working on initiatives to combine for example a lot of the bank office operations of Opel/Vauxhall on the one hand and Chevrolet Europe on the other. There is a lot of duplication and efficiency opportunity there. We are working on efficiency in engineering operations. We are working on efficiency in all parts of the business. So, I don’t want anyone to have the perception that this is sort of a one dimensional manufacturing cost problem or capacity utilization problem. Getting to profitability is going to require progress on those fronts and on all fronts. We are working very aggressively. You have seen the management deployments that we’ve made. You have seen some of the management changes we’ve made over there. We are bringing a lot of change to the business and a lot of change in approach and a lot of urgency. So, I don’t have a specific timeline for you, but you can be sure that we are spending a lot of time there, a lot of us here are spending a lot of time there and we are very, very focused on getting to the right answer.Peter Nesvold – Jefferies & Co.: Great, thank you.
Daniel Ammann: Well, again, we are not saying it could be or couldn’t be. We are just trying to give you a sense for the parameters and how we are weighing them up. So you’ve got your own model. You can put them together there and come up with your own perspective on it, but we will try to be as clear as we can and giving you the building cost at least.
Daniel Ammann: It’s Ammann. I would say that the – now, there is one element that you missed in there, which is we have been very proactively looking at the quality of sale across all of our markets in Europe and there have been some markets notably in the UK sort of rental fleet market where we have proactively just taken business out of that market because it hasn’t made economic sense. So, you – there has been – when you look at the share numbers, you really need to look at them on a country-by-country basis to some extent to understand what’s going on in looking at an aggregated share number can be a little bit misleading. So, don’t underestimate the impact of some of the proactive decisions we made to get out of some lines of business.
Daniel Ammann: Sure, so on the short term flexibility I mean there are things we can do in the short term, the concept of short work and things like that to manage man capacity on a current basis. So there are a number of initiatives and things that we are looking at within the sort of short term flexibility window if you like. As it relates to overall market change I mean I think there are fundamental challenges in the industry in Europe. We are clearly focused on the things that we can control on our business that we are watching closely to see what other changes and things are going on the industry to try to address some of the most systemic issues if you like.
