Mary Barra: Yeah, thanks, Dan. Related to the Chinese magnesium shortages. Well, we do think there is some near-term price escalation risk. We do not see it as a significant supply risk or constraint for our North America operations. The aluminum alloys we purchased have a very small percent of magnesium and nearly all of our aluminum is domestically sourced. So we are working with our supply base and we continue to monitor the situation. We'll take appropriate mitigation steps if needed but that's our view right now. And Paul, I'll let you talk volumes.
Mary Barra: Sure. You rattled off a lot of them, Dan. Obviously, as we get scale -- the battery improvement is not insignificant but as we get the scale part of that and get scale with the vehicles, I think you're going to see margins improve. We definitely are leveraging the Ultium platform and being able to launch in roughly half the time, there's just savings coming from that from a less engineering because we already are working off the platform as well as the way we've done the control system. And we're looking across all aspects of the vehicle to ensure that EVs are affordable, really focused on what customers want. We do extensive consumer clinics to understand what's going to be important. I think you'll see at every aspect of the vehicle we're looking to improve and then the scale that we'll be able to get across platforms, I think, it's going to drive it. The battery cost will be another. And then, you mentioned it, but on top of that will be the services and that revenue that you don't get until you sell a vehicle. So we are working on that plan quite aggressively.
Mary Barra: From a Cruise perspective, we have Cruise well funded. So we're executing aggressively to commercialization and we have the ability to do that with the steps we've already taken, as well as with GM's involvement. And I think, what you need to really look at though with Cruise, is the vertical integration with GM is a key differentiator, and I believe it's one of the reasons Cruise is so well positioned as the only person who's got the permit in San Francisco to actually take the driver out of the vehicle. That seamless integration of the technology along with leveraging Ultium, as well as our manufacturing capability are a huge value. So I think the message on Cruise is we're well funded and we have rapid commercialization plans in front of u s, and that's the play we're executing. And over the longer term the board will look at what best enhances the overall value creation and shareholder value for the gf shareholder.
Mary Barra: I would say that the board has flexibility with the way the agreements were written to do the right thing for the GM shareholder over the long term.
Mary Barra: Again, we'll evaluate each one for what we think creates the most shareholder value from a fuel cell perspective. Clearly, there's a vehicle application as well as across many different transportation industries and even stationary power. So we remain open to structure those in a way that's going to drive the most value.
Mary Barra: So the way I would look at it is that the forecast that we put together and the plans that underlie at our -- for our current markets. So I would say if we enter into other markets in a broader fashion, that growth on top of that. That's the way I would look at the EV margins. And again, I think it relates to the fact that how quickly we're going to have a full portfolio of vehicles across brands serving value customers, luxury customers, performance customers with our 4 brands.
Mary Barra: Let's say, as it relates specifically to China with our JVs, we're working with our partners in the supply base to closely monitor the situation and we will take mitigation actions as required. Obviously, we're working closely with the suppliers from North America perspective as well. So our current view again with all of those conversations, is that we aren't going to see a significant supply risk.
Mary Barra: So I think it really starts at the end of fall this year with the Hummer EV followed by the Lyriq in launching in both United States and in China. Then we'll -- as you said at CES, we're going to be revealing the Silverado EV and this is really a redefinition and taking trucks to I'll say a new level based on what we can do with the Ultium and platform and understanding what truck owners want, but also people who are coming in who aren't our traditional truck buyers. At CES will also share a little bit more detail about the $30,000 Chevy EV that will then be revealed later in the year. And we'll have more to say with the vehicle that's even going to be more affordable than that. And again, we have a number of EVs as we've talked about, 30 by 25, so there'll be more information. But those are, what I can share with you now. So some pretty significant milestones of not only having EVs out, we will also, as we take care of our customers with the Bolt EV and EUV, we will have an opportunity to really grow that share because the vehicle was doing quite well before we took the necessary actions to protect our customers. So I see a very strong EV landscape in '22, but then in '23, it really turns on.
Mary Barra: Sure. Well, I think if you look at how we're structuring BrightDrop from a commercial vehicle perspective, and some of the close relationships that we have with FedEx Express, etc, we as a part of BrightDrop are going to have a system that holistically helps them manage the whole ecosystem. I think that points in a direction. Having said that though, with the launch of EVs, I think, and the software services ran on the vehicle, we're not going to seed that to someone
Mary Barra: else because I think that revenue and managing that is very important. And none of it starts to accrue until you actually have the vehicle being driven. But having said that, I will just say, and there's a lot of conversations going on right now and again, we're going to look at what provides us the biggest growth opportunity, not only in EV sales, but also in the whole software system to manage those fleets or provide different services to our customers. So I don't have anything specific to announce today, but I can just say there's a lot of conversations underway.
Mary Barra: I just -- fall spot on, the only thing I would add is we've added a lot of data analytics to better support our dealers to have the right inventory. And so I think, like Paul said, you're going to see something less but I think it's going to be much more efficient from a Company and a dealer perspective. I'm really pleased with how well that's working out with our dealers as we look at getting the right products, spec the right way to really serve the customer efficiently.
Mary Barra: Yes. I think what has been accomplished with the Cadillac dealer base is very, very important and it was done the right way. We were clear with, as we transition Cadillac, it will be our lead brand moving into all EV, and wanted to make sure that the dealers were in partnership with us to make the investments that they needed to make to -- when selling electric vehicles. And for those -- and we have a lot of dealers, some are very high-volume, some are smaller. So you can imagine if they weigh that decision of what's in the best interest for them, we worked through that. So what we have now, I think, is a very efficient Cadillac dealer base that's very excited about all EV products that are coming and are making the investments to support the customer extremely well, so I think it's going to be a model as we go forward, but I'm very pleased with how that is turned out. Again, we did it in with our dealers and I think that's going prove to be the right way to do it and very strong from a customer support perspective.
Mary Barra: Well, yes. In the past, in the traditional ICE business, daily rental was the least profitable business and we had worked to reduce that substantially and held discipline to that. They are actually though, as fleet businesses, very good as I mentioned before with what we're entering in to BrightDrop. Not only the business itself with the vehicles, but then the services and the first mile-last mile solutions that we're going to be offering, so we're going to be aggressive from that perspective and then again, I think there's new frameworks opening up from what today or what has been in the past from a rental car perspective. As I said, there's a lot of conversations going on. We're going to do what we think is in the long-term interest of maximizing our profitability and also reach with EVs, and so more to come.
Mary Barra: Where selling everything we can sell. It is totally due to what we are able to supply. I'm so excited and enthused at the strong reaction to all of our products. So I am confident as we build more, we will have -- we'll see strong reaction and acceptance of those vehicles.
Mary Barra: Yes. Matt, I think we shared quite a bit of information on our goals there. As Paul said, as we move forward in the next few months, we'll give you milestones to look at in some of those key businesses like BrightDrop, but I don't have anything more to share today.
Mary Barra: With all the lessons learned that we've had with Super Cruise that as we get that technology on retail market, that we will scale it quite or make it available quite rapidly across the portfolio even faster than what we've done with Super Cruise.
Mary Barra: Great. Well, hey, thanks, everybody for all of your questions. I do want to end with saying how proud I am of the entire GM team, including our dealers and our suppliers. In every part of the Company, I see urgency, decisiveness, agility, creativity of just solving issues and finding opportunities and really leveraging them. So they are key --.our partners are key to our consistent strong performance over the last several years. And it's why I'm very confident not only that we're going to see improvements as we move through fourth quarter and into 2022, and then beyond. We are very committed to the growth strategy that we outlined as part of our Investor Day and looking forward to sharing more, not only about the exciting products and businesses that we'll be offering, but also the milestones for you to be able to track our performance. So again, I thank you for joining us today and I hope everyone stays safe.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Good morning, Dan. Thanks for your question. So when we outlined the second half trajectory on volume, we said that we expected it to be down approximately 200,000 units. Second half to first half with the majority of that occurring in Q3. That's certainly what we have seen. So we expect a pretty sizable step-up in volume sequentially from Q3 into Q4. That being said, when we look at Q4 volumes, they look more like what we saw volumes in the second quarter, but we have significant additional cost pressures that we've seen, most of which relate to either commodity inflation or more importantly, investments that we're making in the growth side of the business and in our manufacturing facilities as well. So volume is certainly recovering off of where we were in Q3 ,which is consistent with what we said, and we would hope to see that and expect to see that as we go through 2022.
Paul Jacobson: Yeah. I'll start with that, Rod and Mary can add in any additional however she wants to give, obviously. I think we certainly do still see that path. I think you outlined the big moving pieces in your question itself. We're certainly going to see it lift in volume. I think we're going to see a very different mix because the incremental volume that will be coming on, will be coming on at a little bit lower of a contribution than what we've seen given some of the prioritization actions we took this year. Going forward, we do have that commodity inflation, but we still remain convicted about our ability to be able to offset either that through productivity or through some of the pricing actions that we've seen. Certainly we've seen the chips impact, trim mixes, and other things that we would otherwise want to be doing but we've had to reduce a little bit. So I think we're certainly looking at next year right now in detail, and we'll have more color to provide as we get into early 2022.
Paul Jacobson: Well, I think we said earlier this year, that we expected the bulk of the commodity inflation to occur in the first half of the year. Everything is moving around, obviously, as we've seen, a lot of volatility in broadly commodities and the supply chain. We've seen a little bit of that retraced from the highs of this summer. So we're triangulating around that, but we've seen a couple of billion dollars as we look at 2022, right now. But that could go either way, based on the volatility we've seen. So that's why I'm hesitant to anchor on it right now. We're certainly looking at macro trends and that's part of the process and we'll provide more detail as we go through our budget plans.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So if you look at the wholesale numbers that we articulated, you'd see a pretty sizable jump from Q3 to Q4 included in that is clearing out some of the build shy going forward. But when you look at -- sequentially in terms of costs, you've got some seasonality in the fixed costs there. You've got investments in the future, particularly around some of the manufacturing plants, marketing-related to the new campaigns and the new vehicle launches going forward, and just general investment in engineering and growth across the board. That's putting on some of the cost pressure going forward, but that is the type of long-term decisions that Mary has mentioned where we're staying focused on as we go through this.
Paul Jacobson: I would say, as a general rule, I would put about half of that into commodities inflation, and about half of that into growth investments going forward. And then what we've seen in our fixed cost structure.
Paul Jacobson: Yeah. I would just stick with that 9 to 10 guidance, because things bounce around from time-to-time, but I think the important thing to take away from this update is that everything is progressing on schedule and on target, and that's -- that's the biggest concern. So timing between the year will move, sometimes it moves for you, sometimes it moves against you. But what we're really tracking on is the efficiency of the investment which has gotten better, as well as the timing to make sure that we're hitting our longer-term goals, and that remains consistent. So I would just stay with the 9 to 10.
Paul Jacobson: Yeah. Itay, thanks for that question. What I would say, is it's still largely consistent, but it's really trending with volumes. So I would expect that more of that inflation is going to hit in Q4 than it did in Q3, just sequentially, but that's really because of the volume lift that we see quarter-to-quarter.
Paul Jacobson: I'll take that one, Colin. So what I would say is that you're seeing particularly in the third quarter in GMI performance, excluding China, has a lot to do with the way the chips have been allocated. So if you look at the market share, particularly in South America, it's been pretty low and near historic lows, I would say. But as you look at sequentially through the quarter and certainly what we're seeing in October, as we've been able to turn plants back on, that market share is recovering quickly. So I don't think the results that you're seeing ex-China is indicative of the run-rate capability of the performance. In fact, I think it's a testament to the restructuring efforts that have been done and we would look for further improvement in those regions as volume returns back to normal levels.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, John. What I would say is that the inventory levels that we've seen now around that 125,000 is expected to remain low, probably into and through 2022, to be honest. I think as production ramps up in terms of what we're seeing in demand, I think the opportunities to build inventory are going to be somewhat limited, which in the short run I think is a good thing for pricing and for what we see in terms of the demand environment. Mid-term, we would expect to start building inventories off of these levels because it's not healthy where we see our dealers with empty lots, etc, and when consumers want to buy a vehicle, they want to buy a vehicle, they don't want to wait. We're meant to have more inventory. And longer-term, what I would say is, go back to what we've said from the beginning of this, that there's a lot of lessons learned in inventory management and certainly what the impact has been on pricing this year, and the right answer is certainly a lot more than what we have today, but certainly quite a bit less than what we've carried historically going forward. So as we come through this over the longer term, we'll continue to manage that dynamically through the market. But I expect it to be less than historical levels.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So thanks, Emmanuel, for that question. In order to go back to Q2, we also have to understand that there were some one-time or shorter term impact issues that were affecting that. So when you back that out of Q2 and normalize it, you are looking at approximately a billion dollars. So GMF had true-up of some of its liabilities. Now that all that caught up to the credit terms and the used car prices were in a run rate basis at GMF that was included in Q2. We had some mark-to-market on investments as well. So if you take about a billion out and then you look at roughly a billion to a billion and a half where we were, Q4 to Q2, I would break that down into about half of that. So call it in the $700 million range being about the cost inflation and where we're seeing investment into the business on, kind of, a run rate? And then, the other half being commodities, which should vary over time. And certainly we've seen some of that pressure coming off of the peaks. Hope that answered your question.
Paul Jacobson: And I think the fourth quarter is indicative of that. You see that fixed cost being roughly flat 3Q to 4Q was how we're thinking about it. But it's going to continue to grow over time as we roll-out these products and going forward. So you've seen some increase in CIB for the launches of the new EVs. Obviously, we are going to be in a pretty sizable launch cadence going forward for the next few years. And we're going to make sure that we invest in that and then we've got engineering going on for multiple projects going forward. So I think we've got good control of that where we stand and where we go. And it's stuff that we think is the right investment for the long term.
Paul Jacobson: No. And I think, the additional truck capacity that's coming on is going to give us an ability to continue to grow the leading truck franchise, which, as we've said from day 1, is funding the journey. So we expect a little bit of mix uplift from that, that's going to help to offset some of that shorter-term margin pressure that you might otherwise expect to see. So this is going to be a focal point of -- as I talked about in my prepared remarks, of making sure that we're bringing transparency on KBIs and how we're thinking about the business heading through '22 and into 2023.
Paul Jacobson: Ryan, I'll take a shot at that, and obviously not going to go into any detail on any conversations that we're having across our supply base. But what I would say is, the singular focus is making sure that we have consistency and reduce some of the volatility that we've seen in the supply chain, whether it's due to logistics or semiconductors, etc. So we're working across-the-board because that's where the real value is, working with our suppliers to drive efficiencies across the business, as ultimately what we all have to do to be able to counter inflationary aspects of the business. But right now the here and now is navigating through some of the short-term challenges while focusing on operations.
Paul Jacobson: Hi, good morning Mark. As we talked about, a lot of that revenue growth is really tied to the Ultifi platform and how we're going forward in terms of getting the connected car park out there, which is going to build aggressively over time as we ramp up EVs. So by definition that's going to be a little bit more back-loaded. We still -- we can see a little bit of growth on the horizon as we look at OnStar and some of the connected services which is really the baseline today going forward, but certainly we'd expect that to tick up as we -- significantly in the growth rate as we get into the second half of the decade.
