Dan Akerson: Thanks Dan, quickly as you can see from the quarter strength in our brand, improving quality and streamlining the organization is starting to pay off. Not only our GM products the best in memory our business is much more resilient in the face of economic headwind. I say resilient not immune. There always be currency shifts, recessions or unrest somewhere in the world that we have to manage through. But in GM the short-term challenges are no longer the tail wagging the dog, that’s the benefit of our fortress balance sheet and aggressive new-product program and our systemic attack on the issues that hold us back including complexity and cost. With that said, we’re now happy to take any questions you might have.
Dan Akerson: John we’re pleased not satisfied, we’re going to continue to push both play offense and defense. The new product roll out so help on offense but we’re going to continue to focus on taking cost out of the business.
Dan Akerson: Yeah John I it it's too early to make predictions about whether we’re going to have upside or not on the new truck. We have just launched it in the month of July about 20% of our sales will be the new truck which is the crew cab. I would say that what we have seen in the market over the last three or four months with a stronger segment share our performance with the outgoing GMT900 in the reduction and incentives would give us cautious optimism that the pricing will hold-up and we may have an opportunity but it's really too early to tell on that truck.
Dan Akerson: We have no decision on dividends at this point in time, well what we have outlined from a capital allocation point of view first and foremost we’re going to be reinvesting in products and the product portfolio and you have seen us do that over the last year or two, we’re obviously looking to preserve our fortress balance sheet we took some action in the quarter along those lines retiring some expensive debt that we had internationally which is obviously accretive to the bottom line and as we look at over the next 12 to 18 months we do have a significant opportunity later next year to redeem the very expensive preferred that we have outstanding for the (inaudible) trust who want to address and balancing with all of that is returns to shareholders. We obviously took an aggressive move at the end of last year with a significant stock repurchase to help us solve the U.S. treasury exit and we’re going to look to keep a balanced approach between those three buckets between reinvesting in the business, strengthening the balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders that balanced approach that you’ve seen so far will continue.
Dan Akerson: Our focus right now is on executing the alliance that we have discussed over the last year plus we have product programs that are being actively worked on, logistics work that’s been done, purchasing work that’s been done and that’s really where the focus is right now.
Dan Akerson: I wouldn’t say we have seen anything really tangible yet although it creates a little bit of a risk element for the market in the second half of the year but like I said no real signs at this point.
Dan Akerson: I wouldn’t say that there is a fundamental change, I mean we’re quite focused on what’s driving the underlying demand of the business and the role that interest rates play in that EBIT directly or indirectly through the housing market. So where we are keeping close eye on that but there is more than just the housing market that’s driving the truck business at this point in time you know obviously our product cadence, lot of pent-up demand as generally.
Dan Akerson: Yeah there is couple of components, really three main ones and some are the cats and dogs, the first one is we invested 1.3 billion in the quarter into GM Financial to facilitate the our international acquisition the first part of that. Remember when we announced that deal last year we said that there will be a $2 billion capital contribution from GM and to GM actually it's somewhat (ph) first leg of that this quarter and we spend about 700 million to redeem the remaining portion of the GM Korea preferred which shows up as a debt instrument on the balance sheet, so it's a 7% coupon instrument that we’re able to redeem as we view that as expensive. And then the final piece is we have our preferred dividends that we pay every quarter that rolls through below the cash flow or after the cash flow measurement line. So, those will be the main components.
Dan Ammann: Yeah John we don’t have an updated target at this point in time. We’re a few quarters into our plan and executing to our plan and the market environment remains quite challenging as you’re well aware. We’re pleased with the year-over-year improvement we’re showing through the first half of the year. We do typically have as you know some seasonal sort of challenge more in the second half so we got to work our way through that but we’re pleased with performance that are but still long way to go particularly with the macroeconomic environment.
Dan Ammann: And the first question I don’t think we’re really changing our guidance, our guidance was aggregate EBIT would be up year-over-year with the cadence you know more back-end weighted and I think the plan is being executed to that and nothing has changed versus that. From a pre-production startup perspective relative specifically to the K2XX in Q3 and we’re going through the kind of saying launch process we went through was slow (ph) in Q2 so those costs will be present in Q3 and I would expect them to start to mitigate a little bit going into Q4 with the launch of the heavy duties and full size SUV in Q1 next year.
Dan Ammann: I would say there is really a couple of dynamics, as you point out we do have essentially a brand new product portfolio in Brazil which is fairly the biggest market and that is performing the way that we wanted to and we’re in the marketplace getting the results that we’re looking for. There has been really two dynamics that have impacted us to-date this year that we’re not fully baked into the plan if you like from the outset, the first being the just political unrest that we’re seeing in Venezuela which has disrupted our operations on multiple occasions through the year and that’s an important market from a profitability point of view for us, the second component is there has obviously been some very substantial moves on an FX basis, while we’re significantly localized in the market from a production point of view we still have some meaningful amount of imported components and so on for the market and so when we have the Brazilian currency for example devaluing in the way that have has, that does cause an impact to us. So portfolio working well, Venezuela disruption making an impact and FX making an impact.
Dan Ammann: Well I think it's a reasonable representation of where we’re from a run rate point of view so the business grew but it's a competitive market but we were able to within that competitive market not only hold margins but increase then slightly. So we think that’s the solid result and we’re obviously be continuing to try to work that on court (ph).
Dan Ammann: I would say the simplest way to think about that is to have the sensitivity that we have put out there, so take the liability side and divide it by half and you get the results. Another way is that the effective asset allocation approximately half on the asset side to fixed income.
Daniel Akerson: The way I have seen this done when I was on the Board of American Express, we benchmarked off, then we benchmarked off of P&G, and what you do is you consolidate your back office systems and try to get more efficient and take cost out, and it does have organizational implications.
Daniel Akerson: We just started it in earnest. We are really in the early stages of it, but over the next year or two, we hope to take. Well, I don’t want to give a number, but it’s we have strong ambition, strong targets to reduce our cost.
Daniel Akerson: It’s going to be a sort of component by component activity and it’s underway, but further to go on that.
Daniel Ammann: Yes. Let me address the second piece and then I will direct the first piece. The short answer to the second piece is no, there is no impact on the year-over-year comparisons, because last year was represented on the same basis. Back to the first question, there is really three aspects of us that I identified. One is there are couple of markets that have underperformed from a volume point of view, the overall market, so think about the softness in India as an example, Russia to some extent. The second dynamic is more to the Southeast Asia, including Australia, where we have a lot of competition from the Japanese manufacturers who are sourcing to those markets out of Japan, whereas we are sourcing more out of Korea. So, there has been a currency impact there. And then the third element more on the cost side is we have had a handful of our warranty and recall items stood us in the second quarter. So, the way to think about this going forward is we will continue to have some impact from all of those things probably rolling into Q3, but as we exit the year, we do have some important launches ahead of us in the second quarter. We do hope to see warranty recall related items will fall away, and obviously, we will need to address whatever those competitive dynamic is in the market from a currency perspective as we go, so…
Daniel Ammann: I would say it’s the – more than half of the impact is market related and less than half is the warranty and other expense related.
Daniel Ammann: Well, obviously, we will be looking at what’s going on in the marketplace from a pricing point of view as to what we can recover on the FX side there. So, we will pay close attention to that. And then the Venezuela situation will be a variable, but from a product point of view, we are finishing up the launch activity through the first half. So, it wasn’t all, we didn’t come into the year with the whole portfolio launch, but we are getting, excuse me, close to that point now. So, we will get a little bit of tailwind from that in the second half.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, there is a possibility. Again, it’s going to be a function of sort of Venezuela situation and currency and what we have been offsetting the marketplace.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, our industry view is still to see the industry up high single-digits for the year 7% to 9%. We are obviously participating nicely in that and both from a share point of view and margin management point of view. So, our outlook remains reasonably favorable, but obviously, we are keeping a close eye on the short-term dynamics in our credit markets and all those things.
Daniel Ammann: At some length, so that will roll through. Beyond that, it’s really just what you are seeing is the result of just day-to-day walking and tackling and driving hard on the business. We got a terrific team on the ground there that’s really executing. We still got a long way to go to get figured to where we want to get to. We will see as we go along some restructuring items come through as we make progress on some of our rationalizations, but we are driving very hard. So, it continued to deliver good year-over-year improvement.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, I would say, that as the plants get more fully funded, it gives us ultimately more flexibility. We have been on a long journey now for the last few years and we have talked about it at great length of de-risking and having the plants get more fully funded. I think we have made some very significant strides so far. I think everybody has been anticipating at some point that interest rates would increase. We have seen obviously a piece of that happened so far. Rates can also go down just as you believe they have gone up here, but as and if we get more fully funded, I think it gives us more rather than less flexibility.
Daniel Ammann: We are getting into a reasonable chunk of that. And we are not constraining ourselves obviously to $500 million. We are going after everything that we can find, but as you know the first dollars on those kind of exercises are the easiest ones to get and you have made some good progress, but we still got a fair amount of work to do.
Daniel Ammann: I did that, indicate that specifically. I would say generally, when we looked at K2 pricing, the overall impact of new measures, including the K2, Impalas, and other vehicles net-net was about $600 million of the tailwind in Q2 with carryover products, primarily the GMT900 had $300 million headwind.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, that’s correct. We are driving obviously for year-over-year improvement, but if you go back and look at the last two, three years you will see clearly a seasonal decline in the second half.
Daniel Ammann: Yes, we haven’t really seen it at all in terms of big consumer rates in a meaningful way from, you remember again, we are more operating from that perspective at the shorter end of the curve and so the short answer is no meaningful impact at this point.
