A – Mary Barra: Well, Rod. This is Mary. I think you, I mean, what I mentioned it's really key that we get some stability from all of the stimulus measures. Because what's happening right now is you see a lot of volatility. There's something talked about. It doesn't get finalized. That's creating a lot of uncertainty for customers. So we're looking for that volatility to get resolved and for decisions to be made because we think that's holding back volume. There are some I'll say green shoots in China that we're observing. And then second part is -- what's GM-specific is we have a number of I think very important launches coming in the second part of the year. And some of them even started in Q2. So it's hard for General Motors to put a bracket around it when it's an industry issue around giving the consumer confidence of what to expect from a stimulus perspective.
A – Mary Barra: I think it's incredibly important. You have to do everything to win in this market. And design is a very important piece of it. I think we have a very disciplined process where we clinic data and understand the customers in segment and what they're looking for, how they view products. Full-size truck is different than a Cadillac is different than a compact SUV like the Chevrolet Equinox. And so, we have a very rigorous process on how we develop trucks and really focus on putting the customer at the center as we do those designs. But all aspects are critically important. I think if you -- you mentioned advertising as well. I think Cadillac is a really good example as you've seen the shift that we've made. And Steve Carlisle can do a better job of telling you, but the list that we've had with Cruise, with the right campaign has been very, very successful. And I would also say, when you look at brand building, there's been tremendous improvement across all of our brands and strengthening from the key brand metrics. So we're focused on having beautifully designed products that people want and desire and got to have to having the right contenting, so we could have the right package and efficiency and affordability for the customer and winning the marketplace and then having advertising that breaks through. But sometimes the advertising that breaks through and is most effective with the customers isn't the one that wins all the awards.
A – Mary Barra: Well, I think not on the design base, but on the technology base, Super Cruise is exactly that. And that's the feedback we're getting from customers. But as it relates to design, one of the interesting things Brian that we do is as we start a new product there's advanced design where almost any designer in the company can participate in putting ideas forward. And there's a process that we try to not -- even if there's a team responsible for a certain brand, certain product, but we allow every designer in the company to provide input. So that's the way we work there. I would say another great example of innovation coming from every member of the GM team is the MultiPro Tailgate. That's part of the GMC truck. And that came through the creativity and innovation from our workforce and in our manufacturing shops. So we have an innovation process where everybody can participate. I think I've talked about in the past; we also have our own version of what I'd call the Shark Tank with Synapse where we have organized competitions that people from all over the company not necessarily in their area of work, bring in creative ideas. And then chief engineers and designers are kind of the panel and their commitment when they approve an idea is to actually put it into production. So we're working hard to capitalize on the incredible talent and innovation of the entire General Motors team. I've given you a just a couple of examples of both how it can happen and then processes we've put in place to enable it and encourage us.
Dhivya Suryadevara: And if I could add a data point, Rod. In Q4 typically, we do have a higher level of launch costs. So you saw that in Q4 of 2018, we were impacted by about $100 million additional launch costs. So stripping that out in Q1 and we did take production actions of 20% year-over-year there is still as Mary mentioned work yet to do from an inventory rightsizing perspective. And we do see a path to making progress there in Q2 this year. And the rest of the year will be driven by launches as Mary mentioned.
Dhivya Suryadevara: We had flat inventory -- dealer inventory flattish at the end of Q4 of 2018 versus Q1 of 2019. And yes, there were actions that were taken to address it production actions so the 20% that I mentioned. And because of the volatility that we have seen in China there is yet more work to do beyond what we did in Q1.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. So if you think back at the $2 billion there were a few points we made at that time. Firstly, the crew cab capacity in our K2 was constrained and we were running at below-industry averages from a crew cab perspective. And with the T1 architecture, we were able to release that constraint, so that we were able to increase our penetration from a crew cab standpoint by over 10 percentage points. So that was a huge driver as we talked about the revenue opportunity. We're very much in line from the additional revenue opportunity in crew cab mix. And frankly you're seeing that flow through in Q4 of 2018 and Q1 of 2019 as well as that's helped us offset some of the headwinds that we are seeing. In addition to that Rod, we do have capacity increases in T1 versus K2 that we had already built in. And from the light-duty standpoint we were able to increase capacity by a few couple of tens of thousands units and that drove tailwinds as well that was factored into the revenue opportunity of $2 billion. So between the crew cab mix and the additional capacity we are on track for the $2 billion revenue opportunity.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. I'd say two things. Obviously part of that is driven by the fact that we have an EPS range of $6.50 to $7. So there's the natural earnings range that comes with that. And in addition to that as you well know Rod it's a working capital-intensive business and we have $300 billion of commercial flows in and out happening every single year. And depending on production timing and of downtime actions that we're taking typically that tends to drive volatility in working capital. So I would say, its earnings-driven range plus the working capital seasonality that typically drives the cash flow range.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. So the material on majors and the pricing on majors were typically on the light-duty truck front. And as you take a step back and look at overall K2 versus overall T1 profitability we are able to command a lot more price from a light-duty T1 perspective compared to K2s. Mary mentioned our crew cab ATPs for instance are higher significantly year-over-year. And obviously there's content that's added in the vehicle. But from a life-cycle-to-life-cycle average perspective Itay that's how I would think about it in sort of quarter-to-quarter noise. I would say that were comparable from an EBIT standpoint for these trucks on a like-for-like truck basis. Obviously, there's upside coming from the mix and the volume that I talked about. But I would say that, the data point in one quarter is generally not indicative. It will get better between Q2 and Q4. The way to think about it is a higher variable profit perhaps offset by some of D&A leading to flat EBIT between the two trucks on a truck-to-truck basis through the life cycle of the entire truck.
Dhivya Suryadevara: That is correct. There is 0 in terms of profits or revaluation tailwinds that we're assuming in our $6.50 to $7 outlook. That's core operating performance if you will.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Sure. So in the first quarter in our performance/timing line item in our bridge, we pointed out that there was $1 billion favorable. Within that I would say, John, roughly about $400 million worth of transformational cost savings that flowed through in Q1. To your point, we do anticipate those ramping up more in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So call it $400 million in Q1 and then getting to the run rate of $2.25 billion, $2 billion to $2.5 billion that I'd outlined in January. We remain on track for that. And since it's front-end loaded the run rate number is pretty close to what you'll end up achieving in the calendar year as well. But taking a step back on your question on earnings cadence, there's a number of factors that are driving H2 performance being stronger than H1 performance. Importantly, if you think about the downtime we already took 23,000 units for full-size SUVs in Q1. And the HD downtime that I talked about in Q2, that we're expecting you're going to see that reverse itself. Obviously, we're not going to have SUV downtime for the rest of the year. And once the heavy duty downtime is taken, we're still expecting flat number of units for the whole calendar year, which means H2 truck production will be higher than H1 truck production. And that's what's in our forecast. So that's an important factor as you think about cadence. When you put that together with the transformational cost actions that are ramping up more in Q2, Q3 and Q4 and the launches that I mentioned from an XT6 perspective as well as Blazer those are all acting as tailwinds. And that's -- Q1 was very much in plan. And the guidance of $6.50 to $7 bakes in this cadence that I talked about which is driven by very specific action items that we have laid out that gives us confidence in our ability to achieve that. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes. Between T1 and K2, we added some light-duty capacity and some heavy-duty capacity. Frankly, we're more constrained from an HD perspective than we were LDs. So we added about 40,000 units for HD and 20,000 units from an LD perspective. From -- this is comparing T1 to K2. Transaction prices obviously, typically, when -- this early in the launch you will see a lift in transaction prices and we do expect that. And from the perspective of the vehicle itself as we mentioned, we believe it's going to be exceptionally strong. And we think there's significant benefit from a transaction price perspective that will just come from the -- just the quality of the truck.
Dhivya Suryadevara: The current expectation is flat GM Financial dividend year-over-year. You may recall we got $375 million last year baked into our outlook of flat expectations. We're going to have to see from a leverage standpoint and their earning assets and residual value how they pan out to see if there's any upside to that. But as of now our outlook is $375 million.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yes, Adam it's Dhivya. I will take a shot at that. You have heard us talk about how we believe that the truck market is quite different when you look at that versus the overall store. We have cited reasons like how the installed base is growing, the average age of the truck is growing at a faster pace than the average age of the overall light vehicle market. We do see a distinct data point in our use cases where customers are using it for commercial as well as personal purposes. And the fundamentals point to continuing strength from a truck perspective. The penetration are based at about 13% of the overall industry and you've seen that sort of flat over the last several years. And we are overall bullish because of the fundamentals that I mentioned from a truck standpoint. And within that, you've heard us talk about our own positioning as well and we're -- with the new launches we're very bullish on our T1 franchise.
Dhivya Suryadevara: That's right. The $400 million that I'd referenced, which is embedded in our $1 billion does exclude the Korean restructuring. So the apples-to-apples, Joe that I would think about is of the $4.5 billion that we said we were going to achieve by the end of 2020. And the $2 billion to $2.5 billion that we have laid out for this year, the portion that we have achieved in Q1 is that $400 million.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. There's a -- after $400 million GMNA ends up getting most of the savings. There's some that accrue to the other regions as well. And the other half of that I would say roughly is timing related. Obviously you're comparing one quarter and another quarter, and neither of which are run rate quarters. So there's some noise in there.
Dhivya Suryadevara: We had said earlier this year that we would see $1 billion headwind from commodities and tariffs. There's a few items that are tailwinds, Joe as it relates to steel and aluminum backing up a little bit as well as delay in some of the T1 tariffs. There's also some headwinds from a palladium standpoint. And, obviously, we could see how the overall tariff environment plays out. We're still baking in the $1 billion. And as the environment changes, we will update you guys on that.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah Well, I'd just say from a share standpoint it's look we're still in the early innings from a launch perspective. And if you look at what we actually have already rolled out, its crew cabs. And as we go through the rest of Q2, we're going to see the work trucks coming in. We're going to see regular cabs, diesel as I pointed out as well as HD. And as Mary mentioned we're seeing share gains in the areas where we've already rolled out. Crew cabs are up 20% year-over-year. Sierra has taken four percentage points of share. And I think you got to see the mix normalized before you can get insight from the noise that you're seeing during the transition.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. I think that's a fair assumption. And, obviously, early days yet in April but we are still feeling as we're rolling out the other variants tailwinds from a share perspective.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Residual value for Q1 were down about 2% and we're still anticipating 4% to 5% decline in the residual values year-over-year. And if you actually look at the Q1 performance, it was in line with our expectations. You had some puts and takes. In Q1 of 2018, it's important to note we had some one-time items from a GMF standpoint. So, it's not an apples-to-apples comparison. And our -- if you look at our earning asset growth as well as our revenue growth in GMF, that's per plan. And against that you have the residual value pressures and the credit pressures that I talked about, as well as that -- you got to -- it's important to note our funding plan tends to be lumpy. We go out in the market, raise unsecured and then the asset growth catches up to that. We did fund early on in this year and we are ahead in our unsecured plan which is also causing some headwinds from an interest -- net interest margin perspective. So you roll all that together, we see a flat year-over-year 2018 versus 2019. And you will see this normalize in the other quarters.
Dhivya Suryadevara: I would say about half and half. If you look at it, this was GM North America, right? From a company perspective, Ryan, we had $1 billion in performance and timing. I would say, roughly $200 million of that is commercial and technical savings that we typically achieve every year from a material cost standpoint. And -- so that, I think -- you can't think of that as transient, I would say, that's continuing. Of the remaining $800 million or so, from a company perspective, I'd say, half and half timing. Half timing and half transformational actions, benefit starting to flow through. The $700 million you're seeing in North America, you could take a bulk of what I just explained for the total company into the same dynamic, as rolling through the North America.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Well, it's really both. And to the extent that we have the mix -- the percentage mix of crew cabs being higher year-over-year, you will see a benefit in the mix bucket, Brian. The reason you're not seeing that this time is, it was offset by the full-size SUV downtime that we took as well, which is negative to mix. So mix is actually flat, but in reality it's a positive number that's being offset by the downtime dynamic that's happening. And the price aspect as well, to the extent that there's an increase in price, you'll see that in the price bucket. And you look at that in conjunction with the cost bucket to see what the material on majors was.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. So for your first question from a cadence standpoint, Q1 is the weakest. Q2 will be better than Q1. But H2, both Q3 and Q4 is stronger than Q1 and Q2, primarily driven by downtime. As you saw, we took 23,000 units in Q1 for full-size SUVs. And as you think about the second quarter from a HD standpoint, we're probably going to have roughly 25,000 units down as well. But that will be offset by the fact that you have absence of downtime in full-size SUVs as well as absence of downtime in our light duties, which we did take a week of downtime in light duties in our Silao plant in Q1. So putting all of that together, I'd say Colin, Q1 weakest, Q2 better than that, and H2 driven by volumes that I talked about before as well as the cost transformation actions. Both the Q3, Q4 is stronger than Q1 and Q2.
Dhivya Suryadevara: Yeah. So from a cash perspective, we're anticipating roughly $2 billion of total cash spend, and a bulk of that will be incurred in 2019. There's about $1.5 billion left to be paid yet this year, and there's a tail going into 2020 as well. And from a China outlook standpoint, Mary addressed it. Obviously, lots of volatility given what's going on, and we're going to have to see how the stimulus and the other measures play out.
Mary Barra: Sure. First I think we have to step back. We are very pleased with our position and we look at this as the greatest engineering challenge of our lifetime. You look at the societal benefits that will happen when we unlock this not to mention the multitrillion-dollar market potential. I think our approach in the way that we are doing this from a fully integrated perspective and really the only one attacking this and doing it that way and then the continued improvement in our rate of iteration, when I look at it I wouldn't trade our position with anyone else. We have set aggressive goals for the team to motivate them to work in a – as fast as possible and I think we've made remarkable progress to date. So we expect to maintain the leadership position we're in now. And we will be gated by safety. Safety will be the priority. And that's how we're looking at this.
Mary Barra: Yes. Adam I think it's a really important point. And it's something we're focused on in every single region around the globe be it some of the work that we did in the first quarter in South America where the suppliers came to the party and -- but also we're working with them to make sure that we actually take cost out drive efficiencies so those cost downs are permanent. It's a culture in China with their efficiency up cost down. And you'll see that is something that they are continuing to work on in material costs contenting. Complexity reductions are all pieces of that. We're also -- have very specific initiatives in the United States. Looking at how do we take out cost today and do that with our suppliers instead of to our suppliers driving efficiencies, I'm really encouraged by the fact if you look at -- General Motors has really over the last several years and with the work that Steve Kiefer and his team built a very strong relationship with our suppliers. And looking at innovation, getting them involved early in the design phase so we get their best ideas is something we are definitely driving as well as a very focused effort on complexity reduction and focus on what customers want because it's a constant battle. Because you want to give the customer exactly what they want but you want to do it in the most efficient way. So, those are initiatives that are running across the company. We have assigned projects vice presidents responsible for it and they report out on a regular basis. So, completely agree and we're attacking it with quite a bit of energy.
Mary Barra: Well, I'd say there's -- Q4 did have the launch cost that I mentioned of about $100 million. And we've taken actions to right size inventory, nothing specific to add. The adjacencies are helping as well as the cost actions that Mary mentioned. We are intensely focused on cost from a China standpoint and there's been an even more increased effort given the market environment that's happening in China. So other than that I would just say continuing to work on inventory and into Q2 and you'll see that impact in -- playing out in Q2 as well.
Mary Barra: I mean we just overall, David we are seeing growth even in -- as we go into the start of the second quarter. So we're confident in the truck. And as Dhivya said when we get the full mix out there and are competing across all segments, we expect to have our rightful share.
Mary Barra: Yeah. I think you'll see updates later this year. And just from an overall, again, we are very pleased and -- with where we're at from a continuing rate of progress. I think many underestimate how important it is to use the deep integration that we're doing. Let me remind everybody that we have changed 40% of the components in the vehicle understanding what it takes to have true safety systems in the vehicle when you don't have a driver along with the fact that we're doing our testing in one of the most complex environments in the United States. And so when you put that together that's what gives us confidence that we've got a very strong position. We also have a very strong safety record. I mean, I think if you look at -- one example is we have Super Cruise. And Super Cruise is a technology that is being recognized -- externally winning a lot of awards from customer feedback once they have it. They're disappointed if they don't, because it's such a great feature. And we look and we develop and we monitor to our safety standards and that's what we're going to do. If this we’re able to launch without the driver we will. But I also want to remind everybody that's just the start. There is still much more to do to take costs down from all the technologies that is in the vehicle to advance the capability of the vehicle, so it can continue to be launched in other markets to create that multitrillion-dollar market potential. So safety will gate us. We see a huge opportunity. We think the path that we're on and the way in which we're developing this technology is critical.
Mary Barra: So I don't have any more details to provide. I would tell you though, the plans from a GM International transformation are well underway. We just don't have anything to announce at that time but everything is still on track.
Mary Barra: Yes. I think, as you look at it, we are in transition. We're in launch and the launch is going extremely well. As we said before, we've started with a richer mix and we're seeing the performance already in crew cabs. And so, I think, you can't look at the first quarter and think that that's the performance that's going to be for the year. As Dhivya mentioned, we'll round out the entire lineup. That will give us opportunities, as we go through the year, not to mention the opportunities in heavy-duty trucks, the opportunities in additional volumes. So we will be appropriately disciplined and respond to the market appropriately. But we think we've got a really, really strong truck. We're just in the middle of launching all phases of it. And we're on track to our plan and we -- but we do understand where we should be from a positioning from an overall market share perspective and we're focused on that as well. But we're going to do it in a disciplined fashion. And I think, the way we've launched this has been very well thought-through to maximize profits and make sure we have the representation that we should and be highly profitable end of the truck mix.
Mary Barra: Thanks, everybody. I really appreciate your participation this morning on the call. I want to close by reiterating our confidence in our full-year outlook of earnings per share of $6.50 to $7 and free cash flow between $4.5 billion and $6 billion. I think we have a track record of delivering on our commitments despite the industry macro challenges. And as Dhivya had said, this quarter was in line with our expectations. As we move forward, we're going to continue to seize every opportunity to manage what is in our control. In the United States that means we're going to focus on flawlessly launching the next Phase, the heavy-duty full-size trucks our crossovers and our Cadillac vehicles. We're going to work to realize the 2019 transformational cost savings that we outlined last November that are on track. And we're going to capitalize on the healthy economy in this country. Globally, we're launching an aggressive new vehicle lineup in China, and we've secured the necessary concessions to further strengthen our Chevrolet franchise in Brazil. So while, we've done much of the foundational work to right-size the business and our portfolio, we know this transformation is far from over. And we also understand what's at stake, and more importantly, the tremendous opportunity that is ahead of us. And I really believe we have the leadership team. We have the vision, the discipline, the technology and the commitment, and culture to create this win and to create value for our shareholders. And that's what we focus on doing every day. So thank you very much. I appreciate your attention.
