Daniel F. Akerson: Thanks, Dan. We covered a lot of ground this morning. But I hope you can see that we are systematically and successfully implementing our plan to grow profitably around the world. There’s a new vitality here at GM and is represented in all of our brands. We’re aggressively addressing the issues that have held us back. We’ve maintained our fortress balance sheet and improved our financial flexibility and our new products are connecting with customers. With that, I’ll turn it back to you, Randy.
Daniel F. Akerson: Right. So starting at the end there, we came into the year with the company inventory in pretty good shape, but a little bit heavy on the dealer inventory side, so we have worked through a good chunk of that in Q1 here. And in terms of the more general trends in the business, I guess what I would say is that, we are very much on plan with the actions and objections that we’ve laid out back in our third quarter call last year, both in terms of what we’re trying to do on the top line, as well as on the bottom line. The cost performance in Q1 was quite strong. I would say that there are some timing items that came into Q1 that amplify the cost savings that you are seeing and, we’ll see some normalization as we will through the year. But everything that we talked about in terms of our objectives on the cost side and on the product side, we are achieving obviously, that’s what we control the things, we don’t control over the overall market environment and the overall industry there and that remains quite challenging.
Daniel F. Akerson: I’d say, as a general matter, we’ll be add-on year the prior year’s earnings going forward. So, no fundamental change to that at this point.
Daniel F. Akerson: Yeah, the first quarter – the story there was really a function of Venezuela and everything that’s been going on there. Venezuela is, I think you know, is a profitable market for us and others. We had very little production in Venezuela in Q1 due to geopolitical obstacles, if you like, so that impacted the Q1 results. We see a path to get that back on track. And importantly, the business in Brazil, which is really the biggest market there, obviously, has performed well and is picking up a fair amount of the [slide] there. So bottom line, we expect to build, as we’ve said before, build on last year’s progress for the region for the year.
Daniel F. Akerson: And I’d say on Europe, I mean, obviously, the main action in terms of installed capacity there will come at the end of next year with Bochum. It’s the moment we’re optimizing shifts and so on to keep demand capacity as opposed to the installed capacity optimized for the volumes that we see, so and you have no fundamental change there even.
Daniel F. Akerson: Adam, this Dan Akerson. I think it varies by market, for example, in the U.S., where some of our Japanese competitors are manufacturing a lot of product here in North America and then their supply chain will be to some extent and it will vary by competitor sourced in North America. And where you see and where I’m particularly vigilant is where does it – how does it impact us into lesser developed countries, emerging market countries where both U.S. and Japanese competitors are exporting into out of a base, it might be in Japan or might be in Korea or China or wherever. So, as Dan said, it’s hard to isolate this and give it a broad brush, it’s very specific to by country, by region.
Daniel F. Akerson: Yeah, perhaps I adjust this capacity utilization was on a three shift basis. Right now on a two shift basis, we’re running at about 100%. As we go forward and think about industry in the U.S. at $16.5 million, $17 million, we would expect to build and meet that by increasing the number of our facilities on three shifts today. We have eight or about 50% of our facilities on three shifts. Obviously, we have the capability to take that up. Our expectations would be to be running at a 120% to 130% utilization rate going forward as measured on kind of a two shift basis or closer to a 100% on a three shift basis. Obviously that has a significant impact on sending fixed cost if you can run your facilities on three shifts versus two shifts. I am not going to provide an estimate on that on a go forward basis, but that would be clearly what we want to do to get more fixed cost utilization going forward.
Daniel F. Akerson: Certainly, there is product in there that’s helping that for us, the pricing environment remains quite competitive as you would expect given the situation there. We’re product line by product line, market by market to optimize pricing, taking price where we can giving it up where we need to in order to optimize. We have much better visibility and much better tools frankly to manage some of that now than we had previously and that’s allowing us to further optimize where we are.
Daniel F. Akerson: Yeah, let’s start by talking about the calendar year again consistent with what we talked about back in January. We expect year-over-year fixed costs to be up primarily because of incremental D&A, incremental marketing, some pension income headwinds, and some manufacturing costs per-production and startup. I would expect most of that to roll through in Q2 and Q3 as we really start to ramp up the K2XX and the plants to the rest of the year and start the marketing activities. Specific to Q1, we had as Dan mentioned earlier a $100 million headwind related to pension income. We also had a $100 million headwind from a fixed cost standpoint on manufacturing, primarily related to the downtime in Arlington, those were offset by favorable performance in variable cost, a $100 million in material and freight, and on around a $100 million in warranty related costs as the quality and base vehicle Monte gets better for us. So good performance on variable cost, we still have fixed cost headwinds as we expected and I would expect the fixed cost headwinds to increase as we go through Q2 and Q3 and hit the real launch cadence.
Daniel F. Akerson: Good morning.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a first question on the change in the reporting, presumably this isn’t just an accounting exercise, I am just trying to understand as you shift the country of sales methodology here, what the shift internally as far as accountability and targets of your organization and really sort of what does mean for us measuring performance internally and driving the business.
Daniel F. Akerson: Well, the main reason we’re doing this is for internal managerial purposes. I mean, as you’ve seen and what we’d laid out to you this morning that the external at the segment level that the changes aren’t that dramatic between the previous approach and this approach. When you get below to the country level and to the product line level, we now have dramatically improved visibility by market, by product line from a profitability point of view and that will allow us to get much more focused on decisions ranging all the way from capital allocation to sales accountability, profitability, accountability. So this is a much greater and more significant internal impact than it is externally and we’re seeing significant benefits from the improved visibility already on an internal basis.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s helpful.
Daniel F. Akerson: Well, we think going forward that this new demographic coming into the marketplace, pleas recall, I have children now that – I have grandchildren I should say that have only growing up in the world with smartphones. And our estimation instead of waiting for trends to overwhelm us, try to look over the horizon, having come out of the technology and communications area, the bigger the pipe, the more you reward it into the future. So when we look at what we can do with a 4G pipe into a car, you can change the business model almost entirely. You maybe able to have a real revenue generating opportunity into the car with – when you come up for example, what happens if when the logo shows on your screen, analysis brought to you by Allstate, how many times is that going to pop and how much can you get from Allstate or I don’t want to pull out one insurance company. Children, as you take them to school, of course, you got to watch distracted driving, we are very aware of that, but in the back seat, you can literally go from your living room, the children can pick up the same show that was on television or watch anything they want because this is going to deliver an incredible amount of downloaded capacity in different formats. So at very little marginal cost, we opened up what I think are potentially lucrative lines of business that don’t exist in kind of a safety and security or what you see on a – that’s not integrated into other forms of media that exist in the household, can transition right with the car. So…
Daniel F. Akerson: Let me just jump in there. First of all, we are pleased with our progress, but we are still losing money in Europe, a lot of it. And so we have a lot of work to do. Our objective is clearly to breakeven and then profitability. But I think we sent from the outset, it’s okay, we have to match production with demand. But we also have to reduce cost across the board and everything we do, whether it’s an IT, advertising, human resource cost across the board. And that’s – we’re trying to do that globally. But we’re particularly focused on it given the situation in Europe, the uncertainty over the next year or two on a macroeconomic basis; we have to protect the business as much as we can. And so although I think this is good progress, we have a lot of work to do yet.
Chuck Stevens: From a North American perspective, I guess the biggest driver on any capacity change year-over-year would be what’s happening with the truck plants. And as we talked about before, that’s going to be relatively flat. So I don’t see a significant change in capacity. As a matter of fact, if you look at Q1 with some of the downtime that we had in Arlington, our capacity utilization was a bit below 100%. So I don’t see a fundamental shift in our overall capacity as we go through this year.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah, as we talked about back in January and most recently March, as we think about 2013, we expect price on carryover products to be a headwind primarily related to the transition on truck. So I would expect that headwind and carryover products to continue through the sell-down period in Q2. But as we start to come up with new products like the Impala, the K2 which were launched and just started production earlier this year, we started to see some offset with pricing on new products. And I would expect to see some of that rolling in, in Q2, but really be more second half weighted.
Chuck Stevens: Yeah, I would say that the cash flow cadence, some of the 800 million was attributable to what you described. I would say the cash flow cadence is going to be a little bit back and forth more than usual as we move through this year because of the unusual production cadence. If you look at the Q4 to Q1 to Q2 production cadence, usually it’s up and then up again and this year we had a different production cadence on that. So that moves payables around and moves receivables around and moves incentive accruals and cash amounts around, so there’s fair bid going on in terms of cash flow timing.
Daniel Ammann: I’d say, it’s really hard to go back and try to – we are sort of going through the exercise. But it’s hard to go back and define exactly how much market share movement is attributable to what. So I mean, the way we look at it is, we compete in the marketplace every month. Month-in and months-out, we obviously keep an eye. We have our strategies. We have our vehicle portfolio. We have our launch activity. We have all the things we’re doing. We keep a close eye on the competitive dynamics whether it’s currency-driven or something else driven and adjust course as we need to on a month-to-month basis at least at the tactical level. So, we’ll keep an eye on what people are doing here, the market share dynamics through the first four months of the year. I mean, you’ve clearly seen them as we have, which has been favorable to us and to some of our domestic competitors, we’ll see how people react to how it played out. So it’s just too soon to make a call really.
Daniel Ammann: There’s no real change between what’s in the China net income or China equity income line versus what’s on the balance of the business, royalties are part of the overall engineering expense that are allocated around the segments based on revenues and so on. But there is no change between China and the rest of the company.
Daniel Ammann: (Inaudible) the results will roll in consistent with the closing so we closed the biggest chuck of this back on April 1 so that will come into the second quarter results. The overall outlook and run rate that we’ve talked about previously still holds in relation to that. On the tax rate, we gave the perspective for this year, obviously, we’ll see as we move through the year how that involves and how that rolls into next year. But I’d point out importantly our cash tax rate is unchanged from – essentially unchanged from last year or continued to be in that 10 percentage range from a cash tax point of view notwithstanding the fact that the accounting GAAP tax rate will be in the upper 30s.
Daniel Ammann: Well, that’s something that we would hope that these sophisticated sell side community will help to educate me on this. But hopefully we’ve been quite clear about the difference between and one of the main drivers obviously is the GAAP versus cash tax rate. We’ve tried to be as exclusive as we can in helping people understand that I would say from our dialogue with your larger investors, we haven’t seen a whole lot of confusion on that front. But it’s a useful perspective and we’ll take that as we go.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Daniel Ammann: I don’t want to get into the contact, but I will tell you, having come out of that industry, the change that we’ve affected between these two and the modules we’ll be putting in these cars, it will affect, it will be a 4G LTE combination that will allow us to switch our entire fleet overnight. We’ve never been able to do that. So we have flexibility that allows for our service providers to have to compete for our business, not only in terms of price, but featured to functionality.
Daniel Ammann: Yeah. I’d say, first of all it’s one quarter. But second of all, the business continues to grow over there and you understand as well as we do this as a business that has meaningful fixed costs and a fair amount of operating leverage to it. So if you can grow the business and keep some control from a pricing point of view, you do get operating leverage and that some of what we’re seeing. How that market shakes out of the balance of the year, we’ll need to watch, clearly people are adding capacity and it’s a very competitive marketplace. But we’ve grown – we’ve been outgrowing the market there for the last little while and we hope to continue to do that.
Daniel Ammann: We are not saying anything about the Bochum closure at this point in time other than to refer you back to the overall fixed cost reductions that we previously talked about. In relation to the first quarter Europe cost performance, some of that a bit over of $100 million of that is the D&A reduction as a result of the impairment we talked about last time. There is a good chunk of fundamental cost savings in there between engineering and some of the other manufacturing items as I mentioned earlier. There are some time – other timing items that fell into this quarter which further helped that number. But I’d say more fundamentally, we are in aggressive cost control mode in Europe, frankly, across the whole company hopefully as you have seen in our results, but in Europe, in particular, it’s a very tough market environment. Ultimately, we don’t totally control the top line but we do control what’s going on cost wise and we’ll stand aggressive on it.
Daniel Ammann: We’re not updating our outlook specifically here on this call. But I guess what I’d say is that we did have some challenges in the consolidated operations in Q1 as evidenced by the result there. In Q1, those were offset by strength in China. We’re one quarter into the year. We’ll need to see how those relative trends shake out over the balance of the year.Joseph R. Spak – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, that’s all.
Daniel Ammann: Quite honestly hadn’t thought about it, because this doesn’t happen until end of 2014, but that’s a good question. We do want to change this from primarily safety and security business to one that’s much more feature rich and where we get, we get some real money from it, and we’ve never been properly compensated in my opinion having come out of this industry in terms of what we provide to the carriers. For example, with the new contract when it kicks in every time we implement, we get $20, we use to get nothing. And we’ll actually revenue share and usage on that service, so this is a little bit different than the model of just having a carrier plug into your jack in the car, the carrier gets all of it, all of a sudden we’re part of the solutions and not just an intermediary where we start to share revenue in different ways with the carrier. So we are not in the wireless business, but we are facilitating a customer and we’re facilitating content. So there is a whole new frontier for us that I think we’ll have margins that will exceed which you typically see in the manufacturing business.Itay Michaeli – Citigroup Global Markets: There are no further questions at this. I will now turn the call back to Randy Arickx, please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, typically Q1 is our seasonally weakest quarter for cash flow. That remains the case this year. In fact, it’s exacerbated this year due to some of the production cadence timing. Obviously, we had lower earnings in the quarter, so it translates straight through the cash flow. The biggest chunk of the impact relates to some of these timing items, which will reverse during the course of the year.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think we are about where we would like to be, and again, obviously it’s a function of what the market does over the coming quarters.
Unidentified Company Representative: As I said I think earlier the – we laid out a plan in Q3, we gave some perspective back in January for the year. What we’re seeing in the first quarter is on plan and consistent with the execution of those objectives, but in terms of the top line and the bottom line, as I mentioned earlier, cost performance was a little stronger attributable partially due to some timing benefits that came into the first quarter. So I’d say we are on track relative to the objectives that we’ve previously laid out. But this is the first quarter into the year and there are huge uncertainties obviously in relation to the European macro-economic environment and how that’s going to unfold. So where we end up will be function of the things we do control, which we feel quite good about and a function of things that we don’t control, which are quite uncertain.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah. The ability to net share settled the warrants is a function of individual warrants. The warrants that are referenced there are those that are held by the selling stockholders. And so the registration statement more generally, this is a procedural issue. We wanted to put that up. I mean as we said in a press release concurrent with filing that shelf that we’re not aware if it’s time of any specific plans by any selling shareholder to execute an offering. But we just wanted to take that mechanical step to have that ready.
