Daniel Akerson: Thanks, Dan. For all of us successfully enjoying the third quarter let me make one thing perfectly clear, we have a lot of hard work ahead of us especially in our focus areas of complexity reduction, material costs, logistics cost and quality. I can assure you the team is very focused on making steady progress. Consistency is the name of the game. Given how far we’ve come and what is just over the horizon, we’re all pleased with our position and feel we’re well positioned for the future. And when we have great products that wed into competitive cost structure, I think we’re in a unstoppable position. Now, we’ll be happy to take any questions you might have. Thank you.
Daniel Akerson: First of all we would agree with the general observation of the market trends. Our position relative to that market trend differs by market around the world. There are places where we are the very forefront of the trend, like in Europe with the Mokka, I think we have really redefined that segment, there is an example. There are other places where we are not exactly where we want to be from a product timing point of view and so we are obviously working to make sure that we are going to capitalize on the trends as we see them emerging. And then finally from a plant flexibility point of view, as you know I think many of the SUV programs both for us and for other manufacturers, [indiscernible] car derived from an architectural point of view so we have a pretty high amount of flexibility from a manufacturing perspective to meet that demand once we have the product localized. So it is clearly an opportunity, it is clearly a longer term trend and we feel good about where we are in parts of it and we are working to capitalize it in other places.
Daniel Akerson: This is Dan Akerson speaking. It is fair to say that we still are working with regard to specific platforms that we see potential benefit for both companies. We are watching the situation carefully, there apparent need to raise additional capital, how that might fit with our plan, but I would say there is nothing new to report until we ascertain precisely what comes out of their capital raise endeavors.
Daniel Akerson: I think Q3 in this year that 9.3% highest quarter since Q3 2011 obviously favorably impacted by the K2 launch as you indicated, you know, I think from a seasonal perspective there will be a falloff in Q4. And I don’t think you can necessarily extrapolate these Q3 earnings over calendar year. I would say this that we’re at an inflection point, we’re executing to the plan that we talked about earlier this year to drive the organization to 10% EBIT margins. And I would expect on a year-over-year basis to see some pretty significant margin growth next year.
Daniel Akerson: Over the last month, just this month we have taken all of the mainframes that were not resident in our sphere of influence and consolidated them without a hitch to the operation. Having been in the high tech environment for a good part of my career, I was very pleased with the transition to our data centers. Along with that we have transitioned away from some of our outsource costs and brought it in and that is the majority of Alliance, more of 90% of our head count has been in IT this year. So that is a positive from my perspective because we aren’t paying the overhead for those people that we were once paying to our third party. And yes we are a very big data driven company and you can see it just in our marketing. I don’t think it should go without passing to note that we want people to start buying cars over the Internet, it is a potential half step away from our traditional channels. It doesn’t mean we are going to try and bypass our dealers, but why not in this tech savvy culture we have, this economy we have, for the millennial to come in and say I can shop and I just go down and sign and go. So we are trying to evolve not only from an internal perspective but an external perspective to a more 21st century information based marketing company. Your observations are directionally correct, we are also trying to clean up some fundamental basics in how we run the information systems of our company.John Murphy – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Great, thank you very much.
Daniel Akerson: That is way too high. So to dispel some of the apparent myths around this employee pricing. We ended up doing two things, one, simplifying the program, we had a very complicated car line specific EVA or rebate program that was very difficult for our employees and family members to manage. So we went to a simple percent of MSRP kind of discount. Secondly, the incremental costs associated with that is relatively minor in the scheme of our overall incentive spending, you’re talking $200 to $250 a car on average. Third, that really put us in the middle of the pack, as far as employee discounts go between Ford and Chrysler and I think you’re aware especially if you get around the Great Lakes region that there is a lot of interrelationships with family members and employees that have relatives that are Ford or Chrysler employees, or retirees. So we needed to be competitive in order to make sure we were capturing our fair share of employee and related sales. So far it has been relatively successful, that is never going to move a market share point. It is just again, simplify, enhance to be competitive and make sure that we are getting our fair share of employee and related sales.
Daniel Akerson: Just to add a little bit of more color, when we do our operating reviews in South America, just to buttress what Dan said, many times the first half hour, 40 minutes they spend trying to understand the politics and it isn’t just Venezuela, although Venezuela is one of them, but many of these economies have inflation, hyperinflation. Argentina, you have a President that became ill in the middle of an election and a turn of government could make a big impact on foreign exchange. So it is an area that isn’t a block like Europe, although you get some volatility, but not so much economic policies, variability in Europe. So it is a more challenging political plant economic area than most areas of the world, most regions of the world and we do spend more time trying to understand that. That’s the message you’re trying to deliver.
Daniel Akerson: Yeah, I would say quarter-to-quarter it was relatively immaterial, I think sequentially looking at Q4, there is going to be a fairly significant uptick in marketing part of seasonal relative to major league baseball world series, NFL and part of it supporting the ongoing Take 2 as well as the CTS launch.Jose Spak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great and then I realize – just on capital allocation, going back to an earlier point, realize that these are in a board decisions but can you help us think about order of operations or timing at least because it would seem that you know there has been some technical overhangs on the stock and dividend or a buy back may be a way to stimulate some demand, I know you called out some of the cars on the cash next year with the Series A et cetera but the cash flow is strong and obviously there is – it looks like it's going to get stronger so just how do we think about timing or order of operations, can any of those occur before there is further balance sheet simplification.
Daniel Akerson: Yeah, like I said earlier, we’re obviously – I think we’ve made a lot of good progress on the balance sheet, we’ve been reinvesting significantly in the business so we feel like we’re getting into increasingly good shape on that with the refinancing transaction in September and so on. we are watching you know actions of some of the shareholders as they work the way out and you know whether there is any developments there and you know obviously remain fully aware of the desire on the part of our investor base to see incremental returns of capital, we obviously took a big step a year-ago or less than a year-ago, it would be $5.5 billion repurchase of that time and we’ll continue to monitor our opportunities here in the near to medium term.
Daniel Akerson: I sit on the board so I’ll comment on it. This board understands our shareholders during here to you know this will turn on their money and we have a few tactical issues over the next couple of months in terms of certain shareholders that are exiting the business and that I think we demonstrated our philosophy if you were last December and we spend $5.5 billion to buy a block of our stock and return to capital to shareholder and we understand what we’re here for and wanting to return money to our shareholders and that will be a continuing thing not only this quarter but the next year and the year after.
Chuck Stevens: This is Chuck. We have had some short term issues with American Axle around some specific components. We are working very closely with them and it has had a small impact on production in the month of October but we expect to make that up here yet in Q4 and have no impact on the full size SUV launch. So there is a lot of focused attention being given to this and we expect to be resolved here in the relatively near term.
Chuck Stevens: Well I think those are two different questions. First, we lost some units thus far in the month of October because of some part shortages which we expect to make up. Secondly I think there will be a seasonal Q4 versus Q3 impact on full sized pick-up and SUV production as well as others specifically because we will have holiday shutdown in Q4 and we didn’t shut down any of the plants in July during the changeover.
Chuck Stevens: Our objective is to drive this business to +10% EBIT margins by mid-decade and really to generate those kinds of margins at mid-cycle volumes as we’ve talked about before which would be an industry level of 15.5 million, 16 million units. We’re at the early stages of executing to that plan, the product portfolio and launch cadence is the first part of it, we need to continue to drive complexity and cost out of the business to get the cost savings that we need to take the next tranche. So, is there a point where we could be above 10% EBIT margins during the cycle? Possibly. But our commitment is to get to 10% by mid-decade. Once we get there we’ll worry about the next step.John Murphy – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Seems like you’re almost there. Maybe –
Chuck Stevens: I think that from a general proposition perspective, Q4 year-over-year pricing in general will feel kind of like Q3. In other words, we should have a pretty good year-over-year impact; I would say quarter-to-quarter, a bit different story because the seasonality as we move into model year ’14 as you move through that cycle, incentives historically increase. In summary, kind of Q4 year-over-year growth, quarter-to-quarter probably is a bit of a headwind. Looking into 2014, I would say there is probably going to be continued price opportunity first half of the year as we go through the launch of the HDs and the full size SUVs. And then I think it’s going to normalize a little bit second half of the year and going forward. So I don’t think we’re going to see in ’14, the same magnitude of the year-over-year price improvement as we saw ’13 versus ’12. But I still think there is an opportunity and probably in the first half of the year. 
Daniel Ammann: The only thing I would add to that is that a year ago on this call when we outlined our plan to break even in Europe by mid-decade, we said then, and I will reiterate it now, that plan did not include any assumption of material synergies from the PSA Alliance.
Daniel Ammann: I want to say, we’re comfortable or more than comfortable with our current levels of liquidity. Recall that at the quarter end there was a $1.2 billion sitting there which we’ve now redeemed the Canadian Healthcare Trust note with in October, so the balance sheet was slightly grossed up as of the quarter end. The priorities for cash reinvestment haven’t changed, we’re obviously focused on reinvesting in the business, making sure we got a winning product portfolio going forward and our capital expenditure levels, I think, have reflected that and they’re being consistent with what we had previously articulated. My view is that we’ve come a long way with the balance sheet and we have it in very good shape. we obviously had a very, I think, compelling refinancing transaction that we executed in September, taking advantage of the market window there to clean up some near-term and expensive obligations and replace them with longer data and much more efficient funding. And so that puts us in a good position going forward. As we look to next year, we obviously still have the remaining portion of the Series A preferred that we will clean up at the end of next year when that becomes actionable from a return to the security point-of-view. We still have shareholders working their way out of our ownership structure, that’s something that we’re keeping a close eye on. And obviously our priority over time is to return cash to shareholders and that’s something that we continue to evaluate.
Daniel Ammann: Well, we were – I won’t recite all of the tens of IT path but we had 23 un-mirrored, not connected independent data centers we are trying to get to two. We now have a data center here in Michigan that ranks in with Google and Facebook in terms of the capability, one of the few in the industrial sector with that capability.
Daniel Ammann: Let me just add something to that because I know you are trying to read tea leaves and get some sort of perspective that gives you a better idea of what is going on. When we look at our -- when I mentioned my remarks, incentives are down and average transaction prices are up. When we look at our competition we are 200 to 300 basis points lower than some of our competition in this area on incentives. So we have been very disciplined on our incentives and as a result our ATPs are up. That includes employees and non-employees.
Daniel Ammann: Yeah, I would say that we’re certainly not out of the woods yet that there are ongoing challenges but at the same time we’re taking actions and we’re taking actions quickly. You saw that we have – we’ve made a leadership change in the region bringing in Stefan Jacoby to head up that part of the business for us. We should expect to see changes through the business as we look to get the business back on track. You need to remember that this reporting segment is really a collection of very different markets across the big span of the globe and there are different dynamics going on in each market. We’ve talked about, for example, in Southeast Asia where the yen and the competitive dynamic there has created some challenges. We’ve had issues in India that we do talk about publicly in terms of some product related challenges there. So, it is a little bit of a different story by market. We are taking very affirmative action to get the business back on the kind of track that it should be on but this is something that we’re going to be working through over the coming quarters and you know it’s not full year results obviously at this point.
Daniel Ammann: Well, there are a lot of just external challenges in the region. From an operating environment point-of-view there has been, as is well-known, a lot of FX volatility. I think I described in some detail how we have worked to offset FX volatility with pricing in the various markets where we’ve had the biggest impacts there at the same time we do operate in some volatile economies down there, including in places like Venezuela where overall political situation remain unstable and so on. So, when you’re operating in some of those kinds of environments the business is in some ways – that we have a week-to-week activity as to exactly what the surprise of the day is going to be in terms of the external environment that you’re operating in. So, we made good progress in the quarter but we want everyone to understand that it’s a volatile environment and we’ll be dealing with those fluctuations in the coming quarters.
Daniel Ammann: Sure. So overall, we’re being roughly flat from a China margin point of view for the last few quarters and it’s what you describe which is the business continues to grow. We’ve got some operating leverage. We’ve had some mix -- starting to see early mix favorability as a result of Cadillac introduction on a localized basis although it’s early days for that. And all of that is offsetting competitive price pressure on the market place. So that sort of a baseline equation that we would expect to see continue, generally hold going forward assuming that the market remains reasonably stable from a growth point of view as it has been for the last little while now. So I think that overall trend will continue. We have talked in length about the plans with Cadillac in China. We believe their market there is very much ready for Cadillac in a much bigger way than it’s been there on an import basis. We’ve started manufacturing locally. We’ve had a significant expansion on the deal and it worked over the last 12 or 18 months, but we’re still at the early stages of really getting the volume equation ramped up and something will continue to work on, not just coming quarters, but coming years.
Daniel Ammann: Sure, on the restructuring, we’ve been very consistent. We view restructuring as part of the cost to doing business. And so that will be in our EBIT number and as has been our practice. We will identify it and call it out, so people can do what they want with it. Restructuring is something that carries on in this business and in this industry and we reported accordingly. In terms of the overall savings, we have not provided specific numbers in relation to Valcom [ph] we have provided our overall cost objective for getting to the break even plan, we’re talked about the $0.5 billion of incremental fixed cost reduction. Obviously capacity rationalization is a meaningful element of that along with other SG&A savings and things that we’re working on would demonstrate good cost progress so far this year and we expect to continue to build on that as we get some of these other steps behind us.
