Mary Teresa Barra: Yeah. First, I would say we think we have an exceptionally strong franchise in South America. When you look at the market share leadership position, we have number one selling product with Onix and the fact that we took our break-even point in South America down 40%, we are now really well-positioned and we are seeing that opportunity as that market starts to grow. And then, when you look at the new product that we'll have coming with our GEM set of vehicles, it really positions us very strongly in South America. So, that's not somewhere we're going next. That's a franchise we think is a strength of General Motors and we'll see that demonstrate and contribute to the bottom line as we move forward. I would say, Korea, as we've talked about in the past, was a very important country. It's so important because of the supply base there and because of the very talented engineering resources that we have there. So this is historical agreement that we are very close to closing, but is on track and, with the labor agreement ratified, really positions it nicely there. I would say there's a couple other countries where we have work to do, not to exit, but to improve the profitability, and we are on that. And then, if you look at as we've looked across the segments of our vehicles, investing and seeing the success in crossovers, and very optimistic about our full-size truck family of vehicles. The launch is going well. The truck is building exceptionally well. The customer feedback we're getting is very strong And so we've really – if you I'm sure have looked at both the Silverado and the Sierra have really been customer focused as we made improvements to features functionality for those trucks. So we're very excited about that. So, strong investment in full-size trucks and crossovers, and then leveraging the investments we made in 2015 and 2016 from a U.S. perspective in cars allows us to not continue to invest, but to have strong offerings in the marketplace because although there are several car segments that are shrinking, they still are large and that's an opportunity. So I would say, with Korea, we've really done the major areas that we need to address and now it's just continuing to strengthen and improve the profitability with the right products and going there to win. As it relates to how we might segment report going forward, I think the segment reporting we have right now is appropriate and that's something that we always evaluate and look to see what's going to provide the right transparency to demonstrate the growth and the potential that we have going forward.
Mary Teresa Barra: We think we have an outstanding partner in SAIC. We've been working together for more than 20 years. So we think having a partner that understands the environment, whether from a government perspective, regulatory perspective, overall policy, and then deep customer insights as well, is an advantage. And if you look what we've been able to accomplish in the leadership position that we have in China, I think that reinforces it. We've also been able to drive efficiencies by sharing development, especially if you look at electric vehicles that allows us to leverage that around the world. So we'll continue to look at what's in the best interest of our shareholders. But, right now, we strongly believe that the JV has provided tremendous benefit and will continue to.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I think already when you look at – as I mentioned before, in 2015 and 2016, we launched new very efficient architectures in the mid-size and compact, and that is proving well as a good platform to go forward with fairly minor changes where we have new offerings coming that are very focused on features and styling that customers want in these segments. So I think we're going to see the benefit of that. And the segments, as I mentioned before, are still significant enough that we think there's an opportunity because we've made the investment, don't need to deploy little to no capital as we move forward. So we see it as an opportunity. We are always looking for how do we make sure we're customer focused and then drive that as efficiently as possible. We have worked on each of our car lines over the last year to make sure that we're driving efficiencies across all areas of the business that support those. So, yeah, I think what you're going to see us do is very efficiently play at a segment that, although is declining, there still is opportunity. And then, as you look around the globe, the GEM family of products that we are going to be starting to launch next year from China that still has a significant car market as well from not only Chevrolet, but also Buick, and then you look at South America that also has a very strong car portfolio, and the GEM family will support that. I think we're well-positioned in cars. We're always looking for efficiencies and will be responsive to the marketplace, as you saw with the shift change that we made at Lordstown.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, Adam, I think in general it's a little more complicated than a yes-no answer. What I would say is, first of all, we are in full agreement that the infrastructure needs to be addressed and improved substantially and quickly. We need to do that in a way where we focus on the customer and make sure that we're looking at their affordability and their overall cost of ownership. And I think there's multiple solutions whether it's road use, whether it's gas tax. But then I think we also have to look at the changes that are going to occur over time from an EV perspective and look at how do we take multiple ways to fund the infrastructure that support where we're headed with the changes in transportation and mobility, making sure that we comprehend EV charging, for example, or we're at the right beta infrastructure type of a solution is in that. So we very much want to be part of the solution. We think that municipalities and the government at all levels need to come together. A gas tax can be a part of it, but I think we need to look at this much more holistically and over a much longer-term.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, it's a – I'm not going to go into the details of the sizing, but I will just say it's on kind of a use based model of how we get paid. So, first of all, I agree. I don't know if I'd call it junk in the trunk because I think being customer focused is one thing (35:00) that they want.
Mary Teresa Barra: But the security – the peace of mind that we give them of, one, something not being dropped at their door but being in a locked vehicle, the convenience of that, them knowing when it's going to get there, et cetera, I think this is a huge customer value and I think we are just, no pun intended, unlocking the value that we have from having the base of vehicles that are connected. So I agree with you, I think there's much more opportunity with Amazon and others. And I think we're working aggressively as we go forward to do that. We have a good relationship with Amazon and on this I think, as we move forward, we'll see that it benefits our customers. It definitely provides an opportunity for General Motors to generate revenue and profitability and it's a more efficient way for Amazon to get, as you call it, that last mile.
Mary Teresa Barra: So, as I said, it is a kind of a per-transaction type of opportunity with Amazon. So I think we'll see and discuss that more as we go forward. But if you look at Marketplace, which is also – we're getting the ability to get paid not only just on impressions of the opportunity that another company's product is positioned very appropriately and safely in the vehicle at the right time and on demand. So it's impressions as well as transactions. So, as this grows, I think it's going to be meaningful. And we will share more.
Mary Teresa Barra: So, Rod, appreciate the question. And this is not a right turn from a Cadillac strategy perspective. We have we think a very strong product cadence, starting with the XT4, having a new vehicle, a new product coming out on average every six months. We see a huge opportunity to grow our volume, grow our profitability. I believe longer-term there is a huge opportunity for Cadillac to really redefine luxury when you look at how aggressively we're pursuing electric vehicles as well as autonomous. And so this was really an acceleration and looking to make sure that as we are setting the strategy for the future and really have a huge opportunity both in the U.S., China and then in many other markets, that we're also executing today in the key markets that we participate in. So this is not a right or left turn. We will still stay in New York with this team and it's a move to accelerate.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, we are still on track for launching in a ride-sharing environment in 2019, so hitting the milestones. I think the filing that we did with NISSA (42:53) was important to do in that process. And so, of all the key areas, we're on track knowing where we're going to build the vehicles, et cetera. So I don't have any specific milestones other than that we proceed to the ramp that we shared when we talked about this last year, and we'll be gated by safety. But I think when you look at all aspects of safety and the fact that we have it under one roof, that we have deep integration, and when we've talked about it in the past that we changed or modified 40% of the subsystems in the vehicle for AV, that shows the extent of the work we're doing deep in the vehicle to make sure we have the right redundancy and safety overall. In the AV, I'll say brain of the vehicle itself, we also have gone through great lengths to make sure we have the right redundancies. So, safety will gate us, but we're on track.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, first, from your perspective, we have done significant mapping of that area and we're going to be working with the, I'll say, city and state from a regulatory perspective to enable us to do that. We have a lot of focus on San Francisco, but that work is going on in parallel. It's a different environment both from the actual environment of the streets, the roads, et cetera, and how people drive, but also from a regulatory perspective that we're working that in parallel. And then, I can't comment about Waymo strategy. I would say I don't have anything further to announce in what vehicle that we'll be doing beyond the both Bolt EV. But I think when you look at the Bolt EV, it's really perfect for ride-sharing in its functionality, sizing, it's quite spacious for a B-size segment. So I think we have the right product and I would also again say we are the only person that is working aggressively in the AV market that has everything under one roof and is doing the deep integration and redundancy to make sure we can deliver safely.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yes. I don't have anything specific to announce here. As we said, we are positioned to go on our own, to partner with one or partner with more, and so we are still open to those opportunities. But we are also very much working and on track to be able to launch on our own with the Cruise app that we have. So, that still is opportunity as we move forward between now and then.
Mary Teresa Barra: That opportunity kind of was I would say historic in itself because I think it's the first time this company has ever let somebody in a vehicle that early, which I think was very important, so understanding that those were really development vehicles that you had the opportunity or some had the opportunity to experience. We have a very well- defined development path. There is improvements and changes that are happening almost on a daily basis, as we continue to develop the software. So there's a well-defined track of what we need to accomplish to be able to launch in 2019 and we are on that path.
Mary Teresa Barra: Let me start with the last question. There are some things that are licensed and that have been developed by General Motors. There's some parts of the vehicles that we will co-develop. There are certain technologies that we consider very important from a General Motors IP perspective and we take special care to how we manage those. So it's really a combination as we look. And in some cases, working more closely with Chinese suppliers; in some cases, others. So it's not a simple one answer there, but I think it's a very well thought through of where the IP ownership is and then where the synergy is to be able to efficiently develop the electric vehicles. We have said that we'll have at least 20 vehicles by 2023. Two actually will be launching next year. We see and we have stated that a significant part of the volume will be in China because of the regulatory environment that is driving that, but we see opportunity to grow. I'm not going to put out specific numbers because I think, especially in some of the other markets, it will be very dependent on where our fuel price is and what's the regulatory environment. But we remain on track, that development is going very well and so we believe that we're going to be able to deliver affordable, desirable and range-appropriate vehicles into the marketplace.
Mary Teresa Barra: Thank you. And everybody, thanks for participating today. I hope you see that our results continue to demonstrate this team's focused and disciplined approach to how we run the business, while we're positioning ourselves for the future. I'm very proud of the team around the globe for what they've been able to achieve and also I'm proud of our track record of meeting our commitments always with integrity. So we're going to continue to execute our plan. And if you look at our plan, we have built strong franchises and continue to strengthen them or build them in the core and adjacencies and in the transformative areas. We've talked a lot about what we've been able to achieve with crossovers and what we're going to continue to do there, and we're seeing the results in this first quarter. We are well underway for our full-size truck family of products that we're very enthused about. They're building well and so that will start to roll in the second part of this year and then very importantly through 2019 and 2020. We have worked hard and made the tough decisions that we have a strong franchise in South America and have very significant improvements in GMI, as well as exiting some of the businesses where we didn't see a path to generate the right return. We believe we're well positioned in China in opportunities for growth and, again, seeing that built in a strong first quarter. GMF is on plan as well as the opportunities we have in adjacencies like CCA. In OnStar, we are seeing growth in the number of customers utilizing OnStar services and we have much more to do to deliver services to our customers that will generate revenue and profitability as we leverage the connectivity and then the ability to monetize data, both in the vehicle and comparing it with other companies. And that's on the way to, as we look at the transformative area, of really creating an all-EV future with profitable, desirable, attainable and appropriate-ranged electric vehicles and the autonomous vehicle business that is largely accretive. So, when we look at where we're at as a company, I'm very pleased with what we've done, where we're going. I think there's significant opportunities to strengthen the business and grow it and, while doing that, deliver value to our shareholders. So, thank you very much for participating and we'll say good bye.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. John, let me answer that question. A couple of dimension. First, we buy about $16 billion of raw material on an annual basis. Only one-third of that is indexed, which means we're exposed to fluctuations in commodities on about one-third of that or roughly $5 billion to $6 billion a year or so. You can do the math, the 5% movement in commodities will impact us $300 million to $400 million. Obviously, there's always a lag associated with that. The rest of the commodities are bought on long-term contract. Ultimately, they'll be subject to negotiation, but I'm just talking about near-term moves in commodities. So we feel like we're in reasonably good shape there. Second, as we engage with suppliers, we engage with suppliers across the entire value chain, looking at opportunities for efficiency, productivity, and cost sharing or cost savings opportunities. And we've been engaging with them on a strategic basis over the last number of years. So we will look at commodities. We will look at foreign exchange. We will look at footprint opportunities. We'll look at opportunities for technical savings and productivity. And we've been pretty successful over the last number of years of really driving some benefit to the bottom line as part of our $6.5 billion cost efficiency target, of which we've generated $5.7 billion through the first quarter. A big chunk of that is commercial and technical savings, which we have used to mitigate any of the headwinds that we've seen in commodities. And again, in the first quarter, if you look at commodity headwinds year-over-year, there were a couple hundred million dollars, and we offset it with commercial and technical savings, and I would say we're on track to do that for the year. So I don't know if that answers your question. I think you've got to look at it holistically across the entire value chain.
Charles K. Stevens: And if I could just add to that, Ryan, and to Mary's comments, a lot of the questions seem to be focused on the U.S. market, rightfully so. And as Mary mentioned, we think we're reasonably well-positioned with the investments that we made. But I think you should take a step back and look at, and you mentioned it upfront, some of the actions and the tough decisions we made over the last numbers of years which were largely in passenger car markets, Chevrolet Europe, Russia, the Opel-Vauxhall sale, India, South Africa, what we just did tackling Korea; and to South America specifically, largely a passenger car market, we've reduced the breaking point by 40%. All of those addressed inherent passenger car profitability issues. And then, as Mary mentioned, with the GM launch, we're replacing a number of legacy architectures with a profitable architecture that will go across both passenger cars and crossovers. So I think it's been very, very systematic over the last number of years. And frankly, I think you're seeing the results flow through the bottom line, as we've grown margins by over 300 basis points since 2015.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. What I said earlier today, and again, this is one segment, but clearly China equity income was up in the consolidated piece of this. We had some challenges in Korea, and frankly, the domestic market pulled back significantly and probably not a surprise to anybody given the dynamics that we are engaged in with the plant closure and everything else and concerns about whether we are going to be there long-term. I would say we continue to make progress in South America. The industry continues to improve and I'd say, on a year-over-year basis, we're continuing to improve our performance overall in that segment. So kind of the puts and takes would be weaker kind of Korea, stronger South America, China equity income. That's the way I would think about it.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I think, a pretty broad-based question, Brian. First, when we think about 2018, we very specifically in the past, the 10% percent margins in North America, we said we were going to have about a $900 million headwind, roughly speaking, related to the truck launch and the reduced production. We said the gap fill on that there was going to be about $0.5 billion of improved profitability in crossovers. And we're very, very much on track with that. So, that's kind of we're seeing the full-year benefit. And clearly, our 2017 results and the profit erosion on crossovers was driven largely on the sell-down of the old crossover. So I would say that very, very much on track. Looking forward, clearly, continued improvement and crossover profitability is critical and front and center with us. So I think that's going to be driven by two dynamics. One is we'll continue to launch new crossovers in the segments we're not participating. Later this year, we'll launch the XT4, for instance, in Cadillac. And I think you're going to continue to see new entries which will drive our overall presence and aggregate profitability in crossovers. And we also are very, very focused at the enterprise level on operational excellence. And we were talking about passenger cars earlier, but what we do sponsored by a senior leader of the organization is on a weekly basis look at these car lines and look at very specific actions on how we can continue to drive performance improvement, largely from a cost standpoint. And we've got a lot of traction with that and we'll continue to do that with crossovers. So it's not lost on us that crossovers are going to be more competitive. What we're going to do is run real hard to stay out in front of that, both with new entries, and continuing to drive cost efficiency in the entries that we have.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Back in the day when we reported South America separately, we said we were on a path to mid-single-digit EBIT margins there as we worked through the break-even and launched the GEM product, and I'd say largely on track. I think somehow the message isn't getting through. We just landed a deal in Korea that would generate $0.5 billion a year of savings. That's $0.5 billion which goes right to the bottom line and it'll start to accrue as we move through Q2 through the rest of the year. That's a big step towards improving the overall GMI segment on a go-forward basis. So, between those two things. I think there's a meaningful uplift in our GMI profitability ex-China, continuing in 2018 and then through 2019 and 2020. And we talked before that we wanted the whole GMI segment to be profitable in 2019, and that is still very much our objective and what we're driving to.
Charles K. Stevens: And relative to the objectives, Rod, that we talked about before and this kind of goes back to the foundation in 2016, we wanted to double Cadillac sales by kind of the 2020-ish timeframe, so think about something north of 0.5 million units globally that would include China, and to improve our profitability by roughly $1 billion. And that would largely be on consolidated operations and largely driven by the U.S. And that's the path that we're executing to, as Mary mentioned.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, we're certainly building the foundation and filling up the product portfolio to get us there. Obviously, we're going to work very hard to accelerate that.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I would say the following and let's kind of launch off 8% and keep this at a reasonably macro level. Now we generated 8% in the first quarter. We expect full-year margins at 10%. What's going to drive that is improvements and mix, as you talked about, with the increased production of full-size trucks and utilities versus the first quarter. I think, interestingly and perhaps not as transparent, we will also significantly improve our mix of crew cabs. Crew cab mix was kind of 58% of total pickup in the first quarter. We had downtime in crew cabs. Rest of the year, that's going to be closer to 74% of truck production and that's a significant driver of profitability in trucks. We expect material cost performance to largely offset commodity. So, that cost factor is going to be relatively flat. And we would expect to see an improvement on a run rate basis rest of the year in fixed costs, largely as we cycle through manufacturing launch costs and continue to drive efficiency in the organization. That's kind of the broad strokes for 2018. As I think about kind of the future, there is going to be two increases I would say in fixed costs as we think about it. One will be D&A, and we've been talking about that for a long time as, obviously, the investment in the new truck is going to carry with it increased D&A. I'd also expect some increased marketing expense as we cycle through this year and to next year to support this launch. This is the franchise, so we expect that expense to go up. And we will endeavor to drive efficiency, but broadly speaking, would expect to see some increase in fixed cost on a go-forward basis, largely related to launch timing, marketing associated with these. And we talked before, as we cycle through the truck and these crossover launches, we expected to see engineering expense come down. That's kind of beyond 2019. So I'm not sure I'm answering the question, Rod, clearly. But I would say material cost is going to be relatively flat with performance offsetting commodities. Price on majors will offset or more than offset material on majors. We'll then get some mix improvement. And I think fixed costs are going to inch up a little bit at least in the near- to medium-term.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Speaking on the cadence, clearly we're going to rewind. Let me start at a little bit higher level first. When you think about cash generation, balance of the year, it's going to be driven by three or four major factors. One is we're going to generate a significant amount of EBIT based cash. So, think about EBITDA in the range of $12 billion plus. Number two, we'll get the China dividend. So, that's going to be a tailwind versus kind of the cash in the first quarter. Third, I talked about the CapEx run rate. We're going to be spending at a lower run rate on a go-forward basis versus the first quarter run rate and then the working capital rewind. And when you look at those big drivers, it's pretty easy to kind of get yourself to a path of the $5 billion that we talked about. Clearly, the second quarter is going to be important from a free cash flow generation perspective and I would expect to see a pretty significant step up there. Q3, typically with the downtime, we have a tendency not to be as strong and I would expect Q4 to be strong just from a cadence perspective, from a cash flow perspective. Within our capital allocation framework, we have talked about liquidity of $30 billion to $35 billion and debt. And when I talk about debt as external debt plus underfunded pensions of $25 billion to $30, we've been purposefully working that down over time on the debt side of it and ended last year just over $26 billion. Obviously, we'd like to continue to get some run rate on pensions on a go-forward basis and continue to drive that down. So I would say that, setting aside the pension piece of it, somewhere in the zip code of $5 billion or so of net cash feels about right, $18 billion target cash, and somewhere in the $13 billion to $14 billion debt. That's something that we could handle and absorb within our capital allocation framework and our balance sheet directionally.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I would say that, from a Korea perspective, we'll start to get the benefit of a significant portion of that in the second half of the year, primarily related to the Gunsan plant closure and some of the other head count reductions. And I don't want to get into a lot of specifics on the labor agreement, but some of those opportunities from a labor agreement perspective will start to accrue in the second half, but the run rate will be through 2019. Again, when I think about the $0.5 billion, about half of it is related to the Gunsan closure and the other half is related to some of the agreements that we got with the union. So we're going to see it in the second half of the year and then the full-year impact next year. Relative to 2019, I mean I step back and look at this, and at least from my perspective nothing has changed versus our view that 2019 is going to be stronger than 2018. We will be through a significant portion of the full-size truck launch, at least the light duties, and they'll be up and running, which is going to be a significant benefit for us. We will have another year of adjacency growth, primarily through GM Financial, but also customer care and after-sales in OnStar. We're really encouraged by China and the start that we've had in China this year. And if that market continues to perform, I think that's a potential tailwind. Again, I circle back to the Korea deal, that's a $0.5 billion improvement that really wasn't factored into our thinking back when we were talking about 2019. So I think that's another significant opportunity. And we expect to see further opportunities within GMI, going back to the discussion we had about recovery in Brazil, as an example. So we're still I mean early days, it's April, and who knows, the environment is a little bit more unsettled now than it was four months ago. But I don't think there's anything that's changed our view.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I think if you listened closely to my comments, I said, at least $2 billion. So, that would be a signal that we feel like there's some upside on what we had guided to before. I think what drove Q1, a couple of factors, and we've got to be very watchful and mindful of this. One, pricing moderated in Q1. The price headwind moderated in Q1 and it was roughly 4% to 4.5%, as opposed to the 5% to 6% headwind we've been facing, and we got to see how that continues to play out. Two, the luxury market was very good for us in the first quarter in China and there are some launches as we go through the rest of the year that could dilute some of that run rate that we've got in the first quarter. With that said, I was in China a month or so ago. Mary and Dan have obviously communicated our expectations that we continue to get momentum in the first quarter, and it feels pretty good. The market's developing kind of as expected, pricing a little bit more moderate, we've got a very, very strong launch cadence. Cadillac continues to perform well. The new Baojun products are performing well. So I'd say we're a little bit more bullish and, obviously, we continue to stay very, very focused on cost efficiencies like we have the last three years or four years, which is helping to stabilize that margin dynamic that you talked about, Emmanuel.
Charles K. Stevens: I would say, for modeling purposes, if you just put $2 billion in your model for Corporate spending, I think you'll be reasonably close for the year. I was trying to imply that, on average, we expected to spend $500 million a quarter, of which $1.1 billion would be transportation as a service. So there's certainly some expectations of some re-timing of some of the benefit that we saw in Q1, and a lot of that was corporate staff, legal, timing, some security and derivative kind of mark-to-market. We will certainly work towards getting that to be sticky, some of those savings and re-timings, as we go through the year. But I think, again, for modeling purposes, $2 billion feels like about the right number for the year.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. As I look back, and obviously this is a moving issue. So we started the year back in January and maybe even updated it when we did the annual earnings, we thought commodity headwinds on a year-over-year basis would be about $0.5 billion, roughly speaking. I would say, if I was putting a number on it right now, that would be somewhere closer to $800 million, maybe a little bit north of that, so somewhere in the $300 million or $400 million headwind versus what we thought. And obviously, not insignificant but we have expectations and continue to work to mitigate that. And I think if you look at the last three or four years, we've got a track record of being able to offset some of these headwinds that developed during the year, whether it was exchange, or commodity, and we're reasonably confident we'll be able to do that as well. Hence, no change in our overall guidance for the year.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Starts in 2019. And this is a big platform, 2 million vehicles, and there'll be a rolling launch of a number of different entries off this architecture, both in China and South America. But I would say the latter part of 2019, and you'll see the full kind of benefit of that by the latter part of 2020, early 2021.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Largely, when we were looking at the downtime related to the current generation truck, the K2, just the downtime was 120,000 to 130,000 units, and the (1:00:51) was going to fill about half of that gap. That's going to obviously play out. We launched it in the first quarter and play out as we go through the rest of the year. I think that's generally on line or consistent with what we talked about before.
