Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Thanks, Rod. Starting with North America. Second quarter, strong pricing on both new launches as we expected and guided earlier in the year, as well as carry-over pricing and we took advantage of continued strength in trucks and SUVs. I would expect to see overall pricing moderate on a run-rate basis in the second half of the year. We'll continue to have strong pricing on our new product launches, but carry-over pricing on a half-to-half basis will be a typical headwind. I would talk about that in the context of we still expect very strong performance in North America in the second half and are still driving to 10%-plus margins. But that's kind of the big picture on that Relative to truck incentives and the incentive programs in early July, I want to just make sure, that is absolutely not a shift in our focus and discipline around incentives. That was nothing more than a tactic to kick off the model year 2016 sell-down as we get ready to launch both the model year 2017 trucks and SUVs as well as new products. So that's more of a tactic versus anything else. And again, you have to look at that in the context of our expectations for the second half of the year. On Europe relative to hedges, we did have some hedges in place that we put in place earlier this year that would cover some of the pound sterling exposure. The guidance that I provided on the second half of the year, kind of the up to $400 million headwind, reflects our – if the current economic conditions were to be sustained for the rest of the year. And the biggest driver of that is really the weakness of the pound sterling. That reflects any impact of the hedge roll-off as anything else. So that's an all-in number right now. Again, assuming that the current conditions persist through the rest of the year.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, look. It is early days, and very uncertain. The way I think about it is, in the second half of the year, again, with no mitigating actions or anything else, the biggest impact is the pound sterling. That could be up to $400 million. It's roughly in the $1.30, $1.31, $1.32 range. You pick the day. I think, all other things being equal, multiplying that by two would be kind of a calendar year impact just looking at that specific driver.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I would say, again, very early days. But if I was sizing up the $400 million, I would say it's primarily the pound sterling. The UK market, our initial assessments for the second half, it could be up to 5% to 10% reduction. But it's very, very early days. And I would say our perspective, again, is the largest majority of that potential impact is pound sterling-related.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. I mean, obviously, one of the reasons that we're executing to the retail-focused strategy is retail vehicles are more profitable than daily rent, and there's all kinds of long-term benefits, so – which would imply daily rental are not very profitable. And as I looked across the whole EBIT bridge, I'd say it's close to a push, Itay. The favorable volume is offset by unfavorable mix and some unfavorable costs that winds its way through just the variable manufacturing associated with that. So, close to a push.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Again, I would look at all of these in the context of we're driving this business for sustainable 10%-plus margins. We expect the second half to be strong like the first half was from a North American perspective. Clearly, one of the benefits of the cycling through the daily rental is some of the challenges that we had on daily rental auction losses. So I think that ultimately there is a number of moving pieces in the second half but certainly we would expect to see strong performance. Lease penetration thus far in the first half of the year for us has run in the 28% range or so, a little bit above historical levels. We would expect to see that moderate over time. And one of the reasons that we're so focused on building Express Drive, reducing daily rental and everything else is because we know that lease returns are going to increase, the used car market is going to normalize, and we're taking proactive actions to improve our residuals, improved our used car values for that timeframe.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. So we've purchased, to date, $3.8 billion. As I just noted, we are committed to completing the initial share buyback of $5 billion per the committed timeline, which was the end of 2016. We will do that as quickly as possible here in 2016. The increased authorization was through the end of 2017. Again, our capital allocation framework, relatively transparent to the extent that we are appropriately investing in the business and we maintain our $20 billion target cash and our strong balance sheet, available free cash flow will come back to shareholders. So, that will be the gating on how quickly we execute the second $4 billion. I'd also point out, and I tried to make note of that in my comments, we are dealing with seasonality from a cash flow perspective, so we always need to think that share buybacks will generally be weighted towards the second half of the year versus the first half, just because of the low seasonality in the first quarter.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. We have maintained our view that the U.S. industry is going to remain strong, in the mid 17 million kind of range through the rest of this year and kind of into next year. When we look at the leading indicators from an economic perspective and those indicators that really drive the auto SAAR, they continue to remain strong and favorable. And again, we would expect to see this improve in the second half and then continue to be strong in 2017. That's our baseline assumption, Brian.
Charles K. Stevens: I think that's a hypothetical question, Brian, because it depends on the downturn, the depth of the downturn, the perspective on the view of the downturn. Clearly, as we think about a moderate downturn and we think about our cash balance and everything else, what we would like to be able to do in a typical moderate downturn, maintain investment and maintain the dividend without drawing on the revolver. All right? If those are the facts and circumstances at that point, I think that would be a guiding behavior or a guiding tenet that you can think about. But it really depends on the facts and circumstances of the downturn.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, Great Recession isn't moderate. So I would say, if you look historically and from a U.S. perspective, a moderate downturn is 20% to 25%.
Charles K. Stevens: Thanks. Relative to industry capacity, pricing, and everything else, as you look over the last number of years and just track incentive spend as a percent of transaction prices, it's inched up a little bit as we look at the trend over the last number of years. Nothing alarming. It appears that, from our perspective, the industry has continued to be rational from that perspective. Our base case is that's going to continue. As a matter of fact, one of your colleagues just wrote a research report that would indicate that the OEMs are displaying a lot of incentive discipline, and that could ultimately have a bit of a headwind from an overall SAAR perspective going forward. So we still continue to see that. Obviously, there's puts and takes. There's always puts and takes, strong pricing in trucks, SUVs, crossovers, weakness in passenger cars, but by and large, we continue to see overall discipline. We're certainly going to remain disciplined. We're certainly going to continue to focus on capacity utilization. Hence, our focus on profitable retail growth versus fleet. Relative to off-lease supply, I think I answered that question, indirectly or directly, earlier. We are focusing on reducing our daily rental just to make sure that we are not adding to the used vehicle market, because that has a tendency to impact residuals, which then impacts off-lease vehicles. We have our Express Drive program, which specifically will use vehicles that are coming from rental and/or off lease, as the supply for Lyft drivers. And we think that's going to have a pretty significant take up. We have our factory pre-owned collection as well, where we're trying to go directly to customers instead of through the auction, and make available a used car fleet from General Motors Company cars, daily rental, et cetera. All of those are really to make sure that there's good supply/demand balance looking forward. And early days, but generally on track.
Charles K. Stevens: We have certainly factored in our footprint and manufacturing footprint. The fact is we import a heck of a lot more units into the UK than we export – manufacture and export out, so we're long pound sterling. There is very little pricing mitigation assumed in that $400 million for the balance of the year specifically because, number one, it's early days. Number two, before you can take pricing action, you have to sell through inventory and the overall inventory levels in the UK are reasonably high across all of the OEMs. And that will certainly be one of the items as we work through this and see how it develops that we will be looking at it, as I'm sure other competitors will as well, as well as cost and other mitigating actions. So primarily, as I said earlier, the $400 million, looking at our overall position, primarily weakness in the pound sterling and some industry headwind.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, I'd say first off, mix for trucks and SUVs, this is a period-to-period adjustment and we've been in a pretty strong mix condition for the last year and a half, two years from a truck and SUV perspective. So the year-over-year comp is relatively flat from a mix standpoint. So, I would look at this mix number as being primarily related to the daily rental volume that rolled through volume. Fixed costs, that is very consistent with what we talked about. Incremental D&A because of our launch cadence and new investments, product launches, incremental launch costs from a marketing standpoint as we launch new products, incremental engineering, again in support of our very aggressive launch cadence. And in the second quarter we had pretty significant manufacturing launch-related costs and manufacturing costs associated with the earthquake as we were running a lot of weekends and everything else to try to make up some of that volume. So I would not take this $800 million and multiply it by four from a run rate perspective. I would expect to see fixed cost on kind of a year over year basis improve in the second half of the year versus the first half, year over year.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, we have not changed our outlook for China. We continue to expect strong performance in China, equity income in the range of $2 billion consistent with last year, margins in the 9% to 10% range. Going forward, as we've talked about since early last year, the market is more volatile, the competition is obviously from a price perspective stepping up. We continue to believe that we can execute our plan including our product launches, improve mix from an SUV perspective, continuing efficiencies to maintain strong margins and strong equity income going forward. And we'll have more to say about 2017 early next year. I would say from where we're sitting today, we would expect to deliver the performance that we talked about earlier this year in China.
Charles K. Stevens: Well, first – again, I'll go back to the initial comments I made. This is early days, there Is a lot of uncertainty. We wanted to size up again based on the current economic conditions, what the impact would be for the rest of this year. And, you know that I think, based on today's assumptions, is not a bad planning assumption. We will look across the business, as we've demonstrated that we would do not only in Europe but in other parts of the world, to ensure that we are taking the actions that are necessary to drive these businesses to the kind of performance that we need to generate. The whole laundry list. We will look to optimize channel mix in the UK. We will look to pricing, and to the extent possible, price to offset any lingering FX exposure. We will look to optimize our overall cost structure, whether it's in the UK or Europe, to mitigate these things. And that may or may not involve footprint and others actions it will take. We'll look to optimize our material cost. I mean, we will go through the whole list of drivers. And the team has been doing that for the last three of four years, and we'll continue to do that. And this is another speed bump along the way, but we're just going to have to deal with it.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Who knows, right? I mean, I think they're probably still digesting a lot of what's going on as well. The indications I'm seeing and reading, housing market has already kind of stalled a little bit over there. Consumers are sitting on their wallets. It's just very early days, and something that we're going to have to monitor very closely.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah. Look, the announced program is through the end of 2016. Clearly, we're staying engaged to the extent possible to get intelligence on whether that would be extended into 2017 or potentially terminated early. I think there's a lot of uncertainty around that point in time. So again, we have not changed our view that it's going to come off December 31. But that's something that we closely monitor. And if there's something meaningful to report at that point in time, we will.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, relative to segment reporting, we have no plans at this time to change our segment reporting. Obviously, that's something that we continuously evaluate as the characteristics of the business changes. So the quick answer is, no, on any change to segment reporting at this time. I'm not going to give you our fixed variable perspective on a go-forward basis. I would say from – our real focus is to continue to maintain break-even point in the U.S. at a 10 million to 11 million SAAR, and that is driven by variable profit improvement and the overall level of fixed cost. I would say, importantly, when you look at cost, look at North America in either the second quarter or the first half of the year, factor in what we categorize as fixed cost versus the material performance, the commercial performance, cost performance is relatively flat. And we grew our margins, which means that variable margins improved as well. And that is supportive of maintaining a low break-even point. So, I kind of think about cost overall, both variable costs, especially the performance aspects of that, the commercial performance against fixed cost increases.
Charles K. Stevens: Yeah, okay. First, we're going to – our expectations are we're going to have a very strong year. We had a very strong first half, and when I look at second half versus first half, the fundamental driver is seasonality, which is largely, even pre-Brexit, was a European issue. We were shut down in Europe, to a large extent, in the third quarter, and then there's the holidays and Brexit. Those are the two biggest factors of the second half versus first half. North America had a great first half. We expect North America to have a great second half, continued strength. And again, our overall expectations, improved profitability year-over-year, improved margins, improved earnings per share, $6 billion of free cash flow, another record year. And the performance that we generated in the first half is supportive of that, and that's why we took our guidance up as well.
Mary Teresa Barra: So Rod, I'm not going to – there's been a lot of speculation. I'm not going to continue to speculate. But what I would say is that with the Lyft alliance, it is accomplishing everything we set out for it to do. In fact, it's exceeding our expectations. When you look at Express Drive, and I talked about how we're expanding the launch, that's something that is obviously positive from a Lyft perspective, but very positive for us because it gives us an opportunity to take vehicles coming off lease or coming off rental and put them into this, which is a better place to put the vehicles and also allows us to grow our residuals. Also, we are very committed to being among the leaders or leading in autonomous technology. Clearly the Cruise Automation was a big piece of that, and the fact that we've already got cars on the road I think speaks to that. And we do believe that autonomous will first be tested out in the marketplace in a sharing type environment, and the alliance provides us the opportunity to do that. So the alliance is delivering what we need it to.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yeah. We haven't announced the exact timing because we're going to make sure as we develop the technology, we're being gated by making sure that we have safe autonomous technology to put into the marketplace. We expect when we do that and we're working aggressively – I mean, I think the fact that we have the vehicles and we're able to so quickly integrate the Cruise Automation software into the vehicles I think speaks to the speed at which we're moving. But we do believe it'll be in a shared environment. There will be a safety driver in the vehicle as we demonstrate with miles earned and also customer acceptance. But we haven't put specific timing or quantity on that, more to follow on that as we continue to develop the technology.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I think you can look across a couple of technologies. First, we continue on the journey with electrification, and I think launching the Chevrolet Bolt EV later this year, getting that into the marketplace, seeing the customer reception, when you really start to erase range anxiety with a 200-mile drive – 200-mile capability and with, we believe, the industry's lowest cell cost. So that's something we're putting into the marketplace, capitalize on the fact that we think we have, in partnership with LG, demonstrated the cell technology – which, by the way, we own the IP for our cell chemistry – putting that into the marketplace. We're going to look to see how quickly that expands from an electrification perspective. From an OnStar, agree, I think we've in the last couple years really accelerated, have a true leadership when we look at having OnStar with that connectivity across four continents. And we're continuing to look at ways to monetize that and that's something that's accelerating. And then with autonomous, to your point, that's one of the reasons we did the Lyft alliance is we recognized early that the fastest way to get the technology into customers' hands, and to really learn and be driven by what customer expectations are is to get it into a ride-sharing fleet and get it out there. So I think we're demonstrating different behavior with how we're getting the technology and the innovation and the technological advancements we've done into the marketplace more quickly. And I will also tell you, that's something I focus on every day.
Mary Teresa Barra: Yeah, I really think it's both. I mean, I think when you look at our core business that we continue to invest in, the fundamentals of having great cars, trucks, and crossovers that customers are signaling they want to buy, we're segment leading, winning a lot of awards, continuing to look at how do we capitalize on adjacency, on connectivity, on GM Financial, so strengthening the core businesses, and growing with using adjacencies and also in some other key markets. And then on top of that, being very selective in those estimates we're making, so we can take and build on the expertise that's fundamental in this company of integrating technology into vehicles and putting them out on the roads, that potentially have the opportunity to dramatically change – I'll say, the current business from an earnings perspective of what that new business is worth. So we are working on both. I would be very happy if people thought of us as delivering and doing both.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, from a technology perspective, as we look at autonomous, Cruise Automation is the company that we have been following for a couple of years now. And as we saw the progress, and a very specific technology from a – call it machine learning or artificial intelligence, that coupled with all the work we were doing, we felt it accelerated our ability to be first or among the leaders as we implement fully autonomous technology into vehicles. And so it was very specific. It was something we'd been watching for quite a period of time. And strategically, we thought it was appropriate and we did a complete make/buy analysis but we thought the work that we had observing would integrate very well and accelerate our efforts.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, from a new energy vehicle perspective, we already have vehicles into the marketplace. And we have a launch cadence that we plan on putting out that will continue to expand on that. Again, leveraging the technology that we have, the low cell cost. So I think you'll see us looking and having a comprehensive portfolio from an electrification perspective, taking advantage of the incentives and the opportunity there, but also very important to meet the regulatory environment. So that is work that's well underway. And then, as it relates to the...
Mary Teresa Barra: We continue to work with the government and provide input from – as we do this mid-term review, which I think was a very important step when the program was put in place with the new targets to have this mid-term review. We clearly have identified a portfolio where we can meet. But a lot – what everyone has to remember is that it also depends on what customers actually buy. And when you look at the current environment, that drives it as well. So I think we're going to have a good discussion as we do this interim review. But I want to reiterate, we have done a lot of work to have the right portfolio. But I think we also have to make sure that the targets comprehend that customers ultimately choose what vehicles they're going to buy.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, over history, South America has been a very important business for us and has delivered strong performance. We have a very strong product portfolio there and with a lot of model year refreshes that happened this year that are very, I'll say, economically done from a capital deployment perspective. We have a very strong distribution network. I think the strongest dealer body. When you look across the globe, the Chevrolet brand is incredibly strong. So we have a very strong core business franchise in South America and I think the team has done a very good job over the last couple years of really looking at the market conditions, taking cost out, again on all drivers. It gets to the point that Chuck made when we were talking about Europe. We've run that play. We've demonstrated success in South America of really looking at how to take cost out and how to drive an increase from a revenue perspective. So we see that business as important. Obviously, disappointing right now with the macroeconomic conditions that no one knows for sure how long they last, but they're lingering. But we're well positioned and have seen improvement in the first half of this year from the first half of last year even in a more difficult macroeconomic environment. So, very important business for us and we know that it has huge potential as we move forward. As it relates to technologies, whether it's connectivity we've already deployed and we'll continue to grow that over the next couple of years. We'll continue to also see what the receptivity is from an electrification perspective, and from an autonomous perspective. But it will be customer-driven. Clearly, we have the technology and the capability to do it.
Mary Teresa Barra: Well, I think when we put together the alliance it was built on four aspects. One was what we're already doing with Express Drive. Two, the power of using the vehicles that have the capability that OnStar provides. That's already underway. There's an opportunity to cross-market, and I think that's something we're just beginning to look at. Clearly getting Lyft's customers into our vehicles through Express Drive gives them exposure to the cars from a styling, from a technology – the whole value proposition that we have across our brands in GM products, and then demonstrating autonomous capability in a sharing environment. So those were the four pillars the alliance was on. As I said, those are all on track and are accomplishing exactly what we intended to do.
Mary Teresa Barra: Thank you, operator. And I want to thank everybody for participating on the call today. I think if you step back and look, not only this quarter, but what we've demonstrated over the last several quarters, we really have very strong earnings power in this company, and I think, that demonstrates why GM is a compelling investment opportunity. We know the industry well. We know it comes with challenges and twists and turns, but we also know it comes with opportunities. I think we've shown in this quarter and quarter after quarter that we have the right mindset and are holding ourselves accountable to overcome headwinds, to seize opportunities and to meet our commitments with no excuses. The leadership across the company, which I'm very proud of, are pushing themselves to beat the targets we put in front of us. They want to win and they want to continue to drive value for our customers and for our owners. So we'll continue to execute our plan with discipline to keep driving profitable growth, generating strong returns on invested capital, and creating shareholder value as we really focus on putting the customer at the center of everything we do. So thanks again for your participation in our call today.
