Mary Barra: Well, thanks Kyle, and now let me turn the call over to Paul, who is going to go into a detailed discussion of our results and our outlook.
Mary Barra: Sure. When we look at our strong product portfolio and the interest that we have at the prices that we've already announced, we feel that we're well positioned. Even going into the first month of the year, we've seen a very strong customer interest in our products and so we think right now we're priced where we need to be. Of course we're going to monitor it and we'll make sure we remain competitive, but we really think with the strength of our product portfolio and what we have coming, we're positioned well.
Mary Barra: For our automotive business, we’re expecting our structural costs to go down $2 billion. So it is that.
Mary Barra: So, Itay you were a little garbled, so let us try, I’ll take the last one. The ramp at Ultium and Lordstown, Ohio is on track going well. The team is really ramping up, really focused on quality and the two between LG Energy Solution and General Motors working really well together. So I’m very pleased. As I mentioned, Spring Hill is also on track, as is Michigan, and those three plants are really what enables us to achieve the goals that we’ve set for getting to 2025 and a million units in North America. So that’s all going really, really well. From a, I think the middle question you had was about, with the investments that we’re making Ultium to quantify, I think, we’ve talked about what those investments are, but they’re part of our capital program that we announced last year, this year and going into next year, so that’s part of it. And…
Mary Barra: So our strategy all along for a very long time has been to build where we sell. And I think when you look at the work that we’ve done with the battery plants in this country and all of the supply investments that we’ve made, that helps us have I’ll say supply chain resiliency more certain, it gives us the opportunity with some of the deals we’ve made to, I think, have a better cost advantage. And also it’s good for the country and creates jobs, and that’s what IRA was meant to do. And so we’re waiting to see what the final rules and are going to be from treasury. I think regardless of some of the issues still to be clarified from a lease perspective, General Motors is still going to benefit greatly because if you look at the production tax credits from sales and module perspective, and then where we’ll be from a battery component in critical minerals, we think we’re well positioned again. The deal that we announced today, or the partnership, the equity investment, I think continues to reinforce it. So yes, we’re waiting to see what it is going to be, but our focus is on having a strong supply chain here. Obviously, when we get the final rules, we’ll look because, we do have a global footprint, but I think we’re focused on supporting North America production primarily from North America and to a certain extent from Korea. So again, we’re waiting to see, but I think you have to go back to what the intent of IRA was.
Mary Barra: Well, I think it’s an important part, and I think when you look at BrightDrop, it’s a true just all growth opportunity for us. I think when you look at the Silverado EV work truck, I think that’s going to be very important as well. And so we’re going to make sure that as we grow our fleet commercial rental business, it has an appropriate profitability profile, not from the days 10, 15 years ago when we really stepped back from that. But I think whether it’s what we announced with Hertz and the number of customers that we have interested, every company is working to reduce their carbon footprint. And so the EVs that we have just to help support that I think are going to be very strong, and I think we’re going to have a good portfolio. So I think that allows us to grow, especially in areas where we weren’t involved in the past, EVs is a fresh start there.
Mary Barra: I think when we talk about a 5% to 10% increase we’re talking across the board. When you look at the EV launches that we have, the fact that we have brand new Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra heavy-duty pickups, the fact that we have the new midsize, which is just an outstanding midsized truck with the Chevrolet Colorado and the GMC Canyon as well as the Trax. So we think from an ICE perspective, we have an opportunity. We think from clearly the EV ramp-up that we’re going to have this year; it’s a part of it. And some of that -- both of those exciting products will be in the fleet business. So I think it’s a both answer, John, not a single one or the other.
Mary Barra: Sure. Well, I think that’s the strength of what General Motors is planning to launch this year. Many of the products that we have are going to be below the caps because we have a full portfolio of EVs at multiple price points. When you think about the Equinox EV, the Blazer EV and then the Silverado as well as the LYRIQ, I think we’re really well positioned. And these are brand-new products into the marketplace that we have really strong interest. So that’s why both Paul and I feel that right now, based on the interest and the fact that the pricing that we put out even before the IRA came out, was very appropriate. We’re going to -- and because of the strength of the Ultium platform, that’s what enables us to do that along with the fact that we’re ahead from most of the, I’ll say, the traditional OEMs and getting battery cells produced in this country. So I think if you look at the strategy we’ve been executing we’re well positioned, and the strength of our product portfolio, I think is what is giving us the confidence to where we sit right now with feeling that we're priced appropriately.
Mary Barra: We haven’t provided that kind of specific analysis, but the fact that the HUMMER to begin with, and that will ramp significantly this year and even more next year as we’re completely sold out. And then the Silverado that we think we’re going to -- the Silverado EV work truck and then the RST [ph] comes at the -- toward the end of the year. I mean I think all of those are very significant products that are going to do very well, but we’re not giving specific numbers.
Mary Barra: So first, one of the strong points of the LCM platform is that it’s chemistry agnostic, and it can take pouch, prismatic or cylindrical cells. And so we can look to what is going to be the right battery for the specific vehicle from a performance perspective. So we have that complete flexibility. We have very important work going on with LG Energy Solution. They’re an incredibly important partner to us. And we’re working well together as we mentioned, with the launch of the Orion or excuse me, the Lordstown plant and then Spring Hill and then the plant in Michigan. So we’re working well together, and we are going to need a fourth plant and more plants beyond that. And as we have those details to share, we will share them. But right now, there’s nothing that’s really changed in our plan to have battery manufacturing capability here in the U.S. and broadly in North America as well.
Mary Barra: So first of all, I’m not going to comment on speculation, Adam. And by the way, hello, but we -- we’re looking really at performance. I mean, one of the things when you look at with the way that you configure the packs within Ultium, the difference of the cells is a lot having to do with performance and how do we get the max benefit. Again, our team has been working and looking at all three cell form factors for a while. In fact, today, from a prismatic perspective, that’s what’s in the vehicles, the Ultium-based vehicles that we’re launching like the LYRIQ and the Buick in China. So we all along have been looking at all three form factors.
Mary Barra: Yes. So the plan was we started in fourth quarter, and we said a couple of earnings calls ago that Ohio would add 20% more capacity every quarter, so it would be fully up and running by the end of the year. That plan is still on track. I think you’ll see us follow with similar, but maybe a little faster in Spring Hill because we already have all the experience. And we actually have people from Spring Hill at the Ohio facility right now to make sure we have a smooth start-up there. So -- and we’ve talked about the plan is roughly around 37, 40. So I think you’re in the right ballpark, but that’s how those plans will ramp up.
Mary Barra: Yes. So again, this is a situation we’re watching carefully. But what we see from a new vehicle consumer is a consumer, as Paul said, even in the month of January we’ve seen it to be very strong. So we’re going to continue to monitor that and take the necessary steps. But we’re going to watch and learn as we go through the year. We told you at Investor Day, we were going to be conservative as we plan this year, but also position ourselves to take advantage of whatever the market ends up being, and we’re still on that plan executing. But again, from an early read in January, it’s pretty positive.
Mary Barra: Great. Well, thank you, Michelle, and thanks to everyone for your questions. We, at General Motors, are really excited about the opportunities ahead of us in 2023, especially with all the new vehicles that we’re launching. Chevrolet and GMC will build on their leadership in pickup trucks and Chevrolet is giving customers around the world compelling entry-level products too. And this is the breakout year for the Ultium platform. So when you look at the products we’ll have by the end of this year, again, they’re all outstanding. Again, we expect another year of strong financial results and our confidence reflects the determination of the GMT -- of the GM Team, the strength of our vehicles we’re delivering and the valuable relationships we’ve developed with our dealers, our suppliers and our other partners. So I hope you see with what we did in 2022 and what we’re indicating we’re going to be able to achieve in 2023 that we continue to have your confidence, and we look forward to continuing to tell you more about this year as we go forward. So I hope everyone has a great rest of the day.
Paul Jacobson: Thank you, Mary, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. I also want to start my remarks by thanking the entire GM team. They remain focused on execution and consistently meeting our commitments no matter the obstacles, and this is exactly what they achieved in 2022. We generated full year revenue of $156.7 billion, representing strong year-over-year growth of 23%. This improvement was driven by the team overcoming numerous logistics challenges and collaborating with the supply chain to increase parts availability. As a result, we grew wholesale volumes 25% within our objective of 25% to 30% for the year. We continue to face some supply chain and logistics issues, but overall things remain trending in the right direction. For the full year, we achieved $14.5 billion in EBIT-adjusted 9.2% EBIT-adjusted margins, and $7.59 in EPS diluted-adjusted. These results were above the record profits we achieved in 2021 and at the high end of our revised EBIT-adjusted guidance range of $13.5 billion to $14.5 billion as December revenue and FX came in better than expected. They also speak to the robust health of our underlying business, which allowed us to offset $5.5 billion of commodity and logistics headwinds, $2 billion of incremental EV and growth spend, and $1 billion lower GM financial results. We generated adjusted free cash flow of $10.5 billion, which allowed us to both reinvest in growth opportunities and return excess cash to shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we repurchase an additional $1 billion of stock, bringing the 2022 total to $2.5 billion and retiring 65 million shares. We also opportunistically early retired $1 billion of senior unsecured notes in the U.S. and $0.5 billion of unsecured term loans in GM International, both maturing in 2023. Our goal remains to be responsible stewards of your capital. Getting into the fourth quarter results, revenue was $43.1 billion, up 28% year-over-year. We achieved $3.8 billion in EBIT-adjusted 8.8% EBIT-adjusted margins, and $2.12 in EPS diluted-adjusted. These results were driven by solid unit volume growth of 30% year-over-year during the quarter and robust pricing. North America delivered Q4 EBIT-adjusted of $3.7 billion, up $1.5 billion year-over-year, and EBIT-adjusted margins of 10.3%, primarily driven by higher volume and pricing, partially offset by mix and higher commodity and logistics costs. Production in the second half of 2022 increased with strengthening supply chain and logistics, allowing us to improve dealer inventory for certain vehicles. We ended the year with total dealer inventory, including in-transit vehicles running around 50 days with the number of vehicles physically on dealer lots improving gradually, but still approximately one third the level we were at in mid-2019, supporting a favorable supply and demand environment. I'd also like to share our perspective on inventory levels going forward. We are committed to actively managing production levels to balance supply with demand, and are targeting to end 2023 with 50 to 60 days of total dealer inventory on a portfolio basis. This is down 20 to 30 days from mid-2019 and is reliant on a continued improvement in logistical challenges the industry has faced. Within this portfolio target, trucks are expected to run at higher levels, reflecting greater customer driven variation requirements, and sedans and SUVs are expected to run at this range or lower. Throughout the year, sales seasonality, production schedules and timing of fleet deliveries may take us out of this range from time to time, but that is the targeted range at which we'll manage. We continue to see strong demand for our EVs with inventory turning on the Bolt EV and EUV in less than 10 days. The GMC HUMMER EV and Chevrolet Silverado EV have generated incredible demand and excitement leading to over 250,000 combined reservations. We've also seen strong demand for the Cadillac LYRIQ, GMC Sierra EVs as well.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, good morning, Dan. I'm really proud of what the team has done. You know, our collaborative effort across supply chain finance, business development have led to a, what I think is the strongest portfolio of battery raw materials going forward. We've fully secured all of our battery raw materials through 2025 and as you can see from the announcement today with the investment in Lithium Americas and the supply that we'll be able to get from the Thacker Pass, we're making rapid improvements and increases in our battery raw materials for 2026 and beyond. That is core to our strategy. What we've done, we've talked about being creative because what we're really trying to do is to create a portfolio that is in it for the long-term. So whether it's a combination of spot price movements, fixed price contracts across the board, we're looking at ways to creatively manage that and make sure that we're running it as a partnership. We want our partners to be successful too, especially in this space as we're developing new sources of these raw materials and this is such a great example of that partnership mentality coming to fruition.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Rod, Paul and thanks for the question. Thanks for being on. You know, I think it's important to note that as we look across the competitive landscape, that competitor you referenced wasn't there in the beginning either, right? There's a lot of scaling that we're doing across the board. So as we're running concurrent operations with ICE and EV there's obviously some frictional costs on utilization, et cetera, that we expect to be able to scale as we go through this transformation. The ICE portfolio remains really strong, but we're also building the EV factories for the future. And clearly the production levels that we see now and as we're ramping up aren't there yet. So we expect a tremendous level of operational synergies. We're also going to manage the business aggressively. I think the $2 billion cost reduction program that we're announcing today is a strong testament to that and making sure that we're driving efficiencies as we ramp up those productions. So it's not a, I don't think a direct apples-to-apples comparison, but one that we're obviously aware of. On the pricing front the demand is really, really strong for all of our vehicle programs going forward and we feel good about where we're going in the trajectory that we're on.
Paul Jacobson: I would characterize it a little bit differently, Rod. So success is going to be driven by, when we look at our fixed cost lines being down $2 billion, that's what we're looking for across the board, and we can get there and I think it comes across all areas of the business. What I would say is we're being prudent about what we see out in the macro environment. Again, we continue to see strength in demand for our vehicles and strength in pricing. But we want to make sure that we're driving efficiency where we can and felt like this was the right time to be able to do that. So we're going to be measuring how we do it. We're still focused on the growth areas of the portfolio, but we recognize that there are ways that we can do things more efficiently and we expect to be able to drive that into margin performance. We’re not doing anything to prepare for a price war or we’re not doing anything in anticipation of a recession. I would say, it’s prudent cost management and just being aware of what’s around us.
Paul Jacobson: The first one was on the revenue growth Itay, so I’ll just jump in and say that we obviously experienced pretty significant revenue growth in 2022, driven by 25% increase in wholesale. We’re not expecting that similar jump in production in 2023. So we’re not giving any specific revenue guidance, but I would say that we would expect the growth rate to be below 2022 levels in line volume.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So Ryan, a lot of detail in your question. I’ll take it back to what we said at Investor Day was we expect EV benefits, tax benefits to be $3,500 to $5,500 per vehicle. The $300 million in 2023 is obviously a function of our ramp rate of our cell production. We’re not going to go into any details on how that works across the board. It’s our best expectation of where we’re going to land is at least $300 million this year and ramping up rapidly as our production increases across our Ultium plants.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. I would say order of magnitude, yes. The pricing increases, we’re not contemplating big ones this year, rather the annualization of what we did last year across the board. We have some new launches that would kind of come in. We won’t get specific on that. But we are assuming that there’s going to be some steady increased normalization of incentives. That’s where we said we’re trying to plan conservatively. What I’ll tell you is, January month has come in really, really strong, a continuation of what we saw in December and we’re just watching the environment around us, but we still feel good about where demand sits.
Paul Jacobson: We think that there will be some that kind of flows through both. Our deck has a guide on a lower tax rate of 16% to 18% for 2023. That’s largely driven by R&D credits and some IRA. We’re not getting any specifics into the breakout between them until we see the regs written, and we get more definition around it, but we do expect that there are likely going to be components in both areas.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, hey Emmanuel, so nothing specific to guide on in terms of our forward incentives beyond. We do expect over time for incentives to increase from the sort of record low levels that we’ve seen. We’ve seen slight upticks, but I would say that’s largely more of a function of interest rates than it is waning demand or inventories. Inventories still remain very tight. We expect that to be the case, especially grounded inventory at dealers through 2023. So while we see some normalizing of incentives, nothing more specific than that, that we’ll guide to.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, just really high level, $10.5 billion in 2022. At the midpoint, we’ve got a couple of billion dollars more of CapEx going forward and probably not as much of a working capital build as we saw in 2022. That’s high level how you get to the 5 to 7.
