Chuck Stevens: Yes, sure, Rod. As we indicated back on October 1, when we looked into 2015 and beyond. We expect to accelerate material performance on carryover. Generally in the range of $800 million to $900 million of performance next year, which would be up $300 million or $400 million on a year-over-year basis and as we cycle through especially on a year-over-year compare, the incentive increases in full size pickups. We will expect that to moderate as well next year driven by a number of factors as we mentioned competitive launches at a couple of our competitors. So those will be the big drivers.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, talking about the talking centers first and overall incentives for us in September were up versus where we've been running in July and August and as you noted, it was very much a tactical move. We wanted to start and aggressively sell down, model year '14 to make room for model year '15. If you look at overall Q3, our increase was below our domestic competition, Q3 versus Q2 and generally in line with the industry and on a calendar year-to-date basis. We are generally in line with spending levels as a percent of transaction price versus last year. So in no way a departure from incentives, discipline and aligning supply and demand that was very much a tactical move in the month September. I would expect incentive spending to moderate and come down as we go through the fourth quarter. relative to china, growth has slowed in the last couple of months, but year-to-date still up between 9% and 10% in a year-over-year basis. We are still expecting something just short of 10% industry growth to somewhere around $24 million versus just over $22 million in 2013 and would expect to see that kind of level of growth may be somewhat muted going into 2015 as well.
Chuck Stevens: Yes on that specific question, Brian. We will get back to you on those details between second quarter and third quarter retails versus wholesales. Remember, you start with production, imports and we imported a fair few units less exports and then we end up with factory units sales and we adjust for whatever happens from a daily rental perspective, whether we are buying – since I would suggest that taking wholesales in the movement in dealer inventory should roughly triangulate with the changes in deliveries, but we can provide that that detail to you later.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, I would suggest that EBIT margins in North America are going to be higher in the second half than they were in the first half, they'll be higher in the second half versus the second half last year will be higher in the fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter last year.
Chuck Stevens: First all of the Russia results are reported in GM Europe Chevrolet, Europe which is Western Europe results are reported in International Operation. So again, all of Russia is within the GM Europe segment. When you think about Russia on a go forward basis, I think you need to size the operation. You know, we are selling today roughly 125,000 units to 130,000 units significantly down year-over-year because of the industry. Locally, we have about a quarter of $1 billion in country over the local fix costs. So when I think about where the challenge is or where the headwinds could materialize on a go forward basis clearly, it would be in foreign exchange depending on what happened with the Ruble and our ability to go price for that and offset it. Number two, would be in volumes and how much further does the industry drop on a go forward basis, but I think the key message is overall exposure, overall magnitude of the business in Russia compared to the rest of GM Europe is relatively small. 
Chuck Stevens: Just broad strokes John. Our residuals generally compared to where the industries out in US, we have a gap of roughly 200 basis points to the industry on average across our portfolio. So you could apply, whatever numbers you have for the industry and were about 200 basis points less than on average from a residual perspective. John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And you'd expect that gap to close as new products are launched over the next 1 years or 3 years.
Chuck Stevens: And as I've talked about before, in my former role that's one of the key initiatives that we have on a go forward basis, was to close that residual gap and if you size up that opportunity from a business model average improving the overall output of the business, that's $150 million to $200 million opportunity. Especially it manifests itself from a lease perspective and lower lease cost.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  That's very helpful, then a second question as we look at Slide 19 and the working capital ahead of $2.7 billion. I know you guys are setting this extra week of payments to suppliers, is that really basically $2.6 billion trucks or is it that, you know a little bit less than that? I'm just trying to understand the magnitude.
Chuck Stevens: A good portion of that supplier payment, that extra payment should unwind. So started $2 billion and that will be driven largely by the level of production, that we have on a comparable basis, but certainly we'd expect a good portion of that to unwind in the fourth quarter, yes. John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay and then on the European comments, is very much focused on profitability in 2016, the bulk of them is going to be closed at the end of this year and it sounds like, the Corsa and Astra launches will be fairly helpful next year. I'm just curious, if you could talk about sort of interim step in 2015 because that would be a breakeven year, in Europe just based on the cost saves and the product launches.
Chuck Stevens: I would only go this far and you'll stay tuned for January, but we would expect to see significant improvement year-over-year in Europe versus this year. John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay and then just lastly, it looks like you guys brought back about $168 million box worth of shares in the quarter, what was that? I mean, I thought we won't look at any share buybacks here, but it looks like you executed share buybacks in the quarter.
Chuck Stevens: That's fundamentally what we did in the quarter, yes. For what we intended to do is make sure that our incentive compensation program did not dilute shares. Yes, we don't have options by the way.John Murphy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay, got you. Thank you very much.
Chuck Stevens: I would expect overall restructuring expenses to come in somewhat less than $1.1 billion, but I would also suggest that Q4, will be slightly higher than Q3 from a restructuring perspective two drivers to that Colin. Number one, Europe will be down slightly quarter-to-quarter, but we are also now starting to ramp up the restructuring costs associated with the Australian manufacturing. So you know the combination of those two, a little bit lower in Europe higher and IO, the net result will be slightly higher restructuring cost in Q4 versus Q3, but overall I think we are going to be end up closer to a $1 billion, then we will $1.1 billion, when we get all set and done. You know a lot of that dependent upon the timing of employee acceptances of separation program etc., but that's our best thinking at this point. 
Chuck Stevens: Yes, we continue to execute a number of plans. I just mentioned, the Australia manufacturing that's is going to be one big driver over time that will drive improved performance. There is been a number of actions taken by Stefan Jacoby and his team and all of the markets there to an improve the results and rate size, the business model. And in fact, we are ahead of our plan there from restructuring their performance perspective and again similar to Europe without providing too much specific guidance on 2015. We would expect to see continued improvement in consolidated operations on a year-over-year basis. A lot of that obviously will be absence of losses associated with Chevrolet Europe, which is also factored into the IO results.
Chuck Stevens: Okay, so broad strokes. We lost overall Europe $300 million in the first quarter, $300 million in the second quarter, $400 million in the third quarter. the restructuring in each of those was roughly $200 million. Yes the core overall European operation about $100 million loss in the first quarter, the second quarter; $200 million in the third quarter. A chunk of that really was related to the Porsche ramp down in the course of launch. So the core European business was running close to $100 million loss and that includes a fairly significant year-over-year headwind from Russia. So my takeaway and the way, I think about it Ryan is, the core operation in Opel/Vauxhall performed reasonably well. If you strip out the restructuring and factor in some of the headwinds we were facing from Russia.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, no. all in on around about $100 million of incremental recalls related expenses, significant portion of it, is premium freight and just expediting the shipment of recall parts as you know, not only the ignition switch but other recalls we get, 25 plus million vehicles we are trying to repair and take care of the customers as expeditiously as possible. We are also doing significant outreach to a number of these customers above and beyond, what we have done in the past to try to encourage them, to bring their cars in and get them repaired, which is a factor and overall from a warranty adjustment perspective, there were adjustments and warranty but nothing material. Taken all together, it kind of adds to on around $100 million or so.
Chuck Stevens: I would say that, your map is correct and the third quarter ex, the impact of recalls, we ran it about 9.9%.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, I think what you're fundamentally seeing is the impact on the cost structure of all the actions that we've been taking over the last two years. so this just wasn't a one-time time, starting back in late 2011, 2012. We have been consistently driving improved localization, material performance, logistic savings. We've been working on manufacturing efficiency including plant closures and other actions, a more economic labor agreement, three year labor agreement at lower than industry average economies for instance and what we are seeing is, the impact of much lower cost structure and our ability to deal with the volatility in the market. So it's a one initiative thing, it's a combination of everything that team is been executing over the last number of years.
Chuck Stevens: What I indicated was continued improvement in the fourth quarter. we lost $32 million specifically in the third quarter, essentially breakeven and I would expect to see that improve and a couple of drivers of that, that's always with the caveat that we see, no further decay from a macro perspective, but based on the work that we have been doing with Venezuelan government. We were able to get currency releases back in the second quarter, not a huge amount but enough to enable us to order and produce a low level of vehicles in the fourth quarter and that will all other things being equal, really be the tailwind in Q4 versus Q3 going from essentially zero production to some level of production assuming all works out, so that's the biggest driver. Again with the caveat that, there is no further deterioration from a macro perspective.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, I was generally talking about the guidance that we provided back in January and I would base on the performance that we've seen counting year-to-date, we are certainly from an overall company perspective very, very much on plan and in certain areas ahead of plan, up for instance Europe versus what we expect to earlier this year's performing ahead of plan. International operations both China and our consolidated operations and performing a bit ahead of plan, North America is very, very much unplanned and South America you know clearly is not performing as we expected given the macro conditions and as we look through the fourth quarter, if we achieve our objectives and what we expect to in the fourth quarter. I think that, at the end of the day we are going to be very much on or potentially ahead of that plan.
Chuck Stevens: We can get that information for you, but I don't have it off the top of my head. I mean, when you think about the new products that we are selling right now, that would be part of that calculation. Full sized SUV's, heavy duty pickup trucks, to the extent that we sold midsized pickup trucks in the quarter. So I would think, that would be a relatively low percentage of our overall sales that obviously very big impact, when you think about the price impact on full sized SUV's and heavy duty pickups.
Chuck Stevens: You know largely, full sized pickups and again as you launch through last year launch cadence, we were in the third quarter last year, we were still in our launch cadence as we started in April with Ford Lane with one series of trucks and move through the launch cadence. So I would say, largely that's attributable to full sized pickups, not entirely but at least the majority of that $400 million negative net price is associated with large pickups.
Chuck Stevens: Alright, first on the K2, yes we do produce and ship to the Middle East and as we indicated, as we thought about second half and next year of the growth of that and the performance to that, in the Middle East, we thought was going to be a tailwind and it's starting to prove out to be that, we had favorable mix or pricing in the third quarter, associated with the launch of those products and we expect that to continue going forward. Relative to Korea and Chevrolet Europe and we've talked about this before. Clearly, roughly 200,000 units out of the manufacturing build and Korea has created a capacity situation and we're aggressively, inactively working to deal with that overtime. So that's part of the actions that we are taking in international operations to ensure, that we've got the right industrialization and structural on this. The demand capabilities in the region. So Korea certainly an area that we continue to focus and work on.
Chuck Stevens: Okay, first we execute leases today through GM Financial ally in US Bank through partners. There is no residual risk sharing, so the residual exposure stays with the finance company, whether it's GMF ally or US Bank. Clearly depending on industry moves and what happens with our residuals vis-à-vis the competition the current at the market cost, can manifests themselves primarily in the OEM, as we need to hit competitive payment point. So that gets back to that residual gap that I was talking about before, but I would suggest from a residual risk perspective and I can speak specifically to GM Financial, we monitor that very closely mark-to-market on a quarter-to-quarter we look at the developments in the used car market and where we think those prices are going versus the ALG Automotive Lease Guide, which is how we establish the reserves to start with. So we're at least in our view, are fully reserved in good shape as of Q3 of GM Financial.
Chuck Stevens: Yes, on a carryover basis as we indicated from a pricing standpoint in 2013, '14 we've been running roughly negative 1% net price maybe a little bit more this year. We expect that to moderate next year from a net pricing perspective. So year-over-year carryover pricing will be a tailwind. We expect material cost year-over-year material performance to be a tailwind consistent with what we said October 1, obviously [indiscernible] will be a benefit overall, as we were bridging to 2016. We're working to manage to flat fixed cost kind of environment and then our next-generation products as we launch, the next-generation Cruze, Malibu, Equinox. We expect those vehicles to be more profitable not only from carryover material cost, but just material cost performance in the vehicles as well as improved pricing versus the vehicles that they're replacing. So those were the big drivers.
Brian Johnson – Barclays Capital: Okay, second question on North America. I think in the past you said that, same thing about North American margin that you said about Global EBIT margin that will improve second half over first half recalls. Is that still out there or is that just because their winnings [ph] in the end of the back year.
Brian Johnson – Barclays Capital: Okay and then finally, could you provide some more color on Russia. What was the headwind in 3Q, maybe where does it show up between GME and the wind-down of Chevy in GMIO's, is there any intra-region we got to be aware of there? And then how should we think about that going forward both the currency effect which might just show up in a special item and then just ongoing pressures there.
Brian Johnson – Barclays Capital: Okay and your PP&E base is fully depreciated yet and if you were to market it down duty to business prospect for currency or both. I assume, that would be a special item.
Mary Barra: I would just add Chuck, there is two components of that. there is, I'll say shorter term of just driving the efficiencies and make sure, we are managing the business effectively and then there is longer term, making sure we have the right portfolio, understand the customer and are going to market with the white product lineup that will take, have a little longer horizon. 
Mary Barra: Well, Adam. We – as I said at the Global Business Conference we think, there is going to be more change in the next 5 years to 10 years than there has been in the last 50 years, with a lot of different aspects. As it relates to technology, consumer preferences, what is happening from an environmental perspective, from a regulatory perspective and but we are not announcing specific things. We are working in all those areas because, they drive change, but they also drive opportunity and to strengthen the business. The end of the day, there is going to be a point where people still need to get from point A to point B and well, we want to participate strongly in that, in a number of different models because I don't think it will be the same across the globe. So we are working on a number different initiatives specifically to talk, what we deem our call Urban Mobility and so we do see those changes coming and we see them as opportunities.
Mary Barra: You know I would say the current structure is satisfactory, I think what's more important than even the structure though is the strength that we have in the partnership, the respect, how well we work together, how we look at the business and are driving it and looking at opportunities across the market place. You know we have complete alignment and the importance of the three brands that we have from Cadillac, a Buick and a Chevrolet and then come to specific as you look at the Wuling partnership with [indiscernible] and the Wuling brand and so you know very well set out strategies have looked at the opportunity, Cadillac provides a great opportunity. So again, I think the structure is fine and I think it's the strength of the JV is the way that we work together and look at how the market is going to progress and how we're going to participate in it. 
Mary Barra: Great, thank you operator. Well, we've covered a lot of ground today. so I'm going to keep my remarks brief. In the last 10 months, that this leadership has been together. We spent a significant amount of time defining our goals for the future of GM and developing an integrated holistic plant. At the Global Business Conference, we shared some of our key initiatives including a product development strategy, where we expect to deliver [indiscernible] vehicles and core operating efficiency. Today, we shared solid results that underscore our strong position in United States and China and we also showed resilience in the face of headwinds and other markets. Taken together all of the ingredients are there for GM to create significant value for customers and shareholders overtime. Clearly, we have a lot of work ahead of us, but I expect to meet all of our goals for two reasons; first our integrated approach is designed to systematically and methodically build a more profitable General Motors. We've recognized that it will take time, but we are confident we are on the right path. Second, we have never been more aligned as our leadership team are more focused as a company and I believe that's exactly what you need for long-term success and I look forward to the next opportunity to update you on our progress. I appreciate your time today, thanks.
Ryan Brinkman – JPMorgan: Obviously a lot of moving pieces in Europe these days, you know some better sale and share in Western Europe sharply lower sales in share in Western European sharply lower sales in share in Russian that currencies, sanctions, plant closure, Chevrolet exist as that stuff. So I'm wondering, is there anything you can tell us about the profitability of your underlying core Opel/Vauxhall operations, outside of Russia, outside of [indiscernible], so that we can better gage the progress of your underlying continue to [indiscernible].
Ryan Brinkman – JPMorgan: So I guess, what I'm hearing is that, full year adjusted for recall, you ran at 9.9% in the third quarter, which is typically a softer quarter relative to your 2016, well 10 points to zero [ph].
Ryan Brinkman – JPMorgan: Okay, great. Then just complete last question, on the breakeven results in South America, probably the biggest price today, I would say, if you will get a tend bit [ph] sideboard it doesn't look like you're taking much restructuring down there. You talked about [indiscernible], but nothing that rounds, that doesn't round down to zero. So if it's not restructuring and is a product cadence, which is of course a good thing, but that maybe it means, it's little bit more cyclical as oppose to restructuring. Can you just tell us about sources and sustainability of those better results? Thanks.
