Amy Wakeham - ResMed Inc.: Great. Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us and welcome to ResMed's first quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings call. As Chris said, this call is being webcast live and the replay along with a copy of the press release and our updated Investor Presentation will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website. I'd like to highlight that we have made a few enhancements to our press release this quarter. We've summarized key information to make it easier to locate and analyze. We have provided some additional commentary regarding our results and we've included supplemental revenue information, which had previously been posted separately to our website. We hope these changes are helpful as you analyze our results. We're always looking to improve our disclosure and welcome any feedback you may have. Joining me on the call today to discuss our quarterly results are Mick Farrell, our CEO; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion of the call following our prepared remarks. During our call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures, please see the notes to the financial statements in today's earnings release. As a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions; however, our actual results may differ. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham - ResMed Inc.: Great. Thanks, Brett. Let's now turn to the Q&A portion. I'd like to remind everyone to limit yourself to one question. If you do have additional questions, please feel free to hop back into the queue. Chris, we're now ready to go ahead and start the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham - ResMed Inc.: Great. Thank you. Thank you again for joining us today. If you do have additional questions, please feel free to contact me directly. As mentioned at the beginning of the call, the webcast replay along with our earnings release and updated Investor Presentation will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Chris, you may now go ahead and close the call.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, thanks for the question, Chris. And yeah, we're really quite proud of the global and constant currency growth, the 10% on masks, 11% in U.S. and Canada, 6% in Europe, Asia and others is maybe just around sort of the market growth range. I think our comp was around the sort of 10%, 15% from a year ago quarter. And so as you noted there was a very, very strong comp there. Look, we've just launched new masks into this marketplace. The QuietAir technology was launched just maybe six plus months ago. The F30 is only just hitting global markets at this point. And so, Europe tends to take longer for technologies to permeate through the different countries and each different countries have different reimbursement models. It's not the United States of Europe. So, we have to work through sort of the 26 models of reimbursement and how masks are provided there. I do think there's opportunity to drive more resupply of masks throughout many of our European countries, and so there's systemic and digital health driven methodologies that we can use to drive the whole market number up there. But if you're asking if I'd like to see 6% be closer to 10%, the answer is absolutely. Do I think it's a good quarter from our European team with 20% growth on devices and 6% growth on masks? Absolutely. But I know there's room for improvement there, and we'll certainly be working with Tim Hoyes and (00:26:04) the global team and the Western European, Northern European and Eastern European leaders to make sure that we can move that number up as we move forward throughout FY 2019 and beyond. (00:26:17)
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. I don't think we're losing share in the European marketplace. I think there's opportunities to grow that market growth number, but I don't think we're losing share at that point, but I think we should be taking share with the F30 and the QuietAir technology. And so I'd like to see that number push closer to the double digits, Chris.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, Craig, good question. So that's the 20% Europe, Asia and other markets growth. Yeah, incredibly strong. We did see continued benefits in countries like France as we see the digital health technology and reimbursement changes that have happened there and there's a good strong tail to that upgrade, if you like, from non-cloud connectable to cloud connectable devices across France. But I'm going to tell you across the other 25 countries in Europe and across many of the countries in Asia, we saw just a really strong quarter in our device business. It's powered by the digital health technology. As I talked about in the prepared remarks, you've seen actual reimbursement changes in the U.S. and in France and in Japan and certainly they're providing some power behind the growth, but in many other countries where reimbursement hasn't yet caught up to the technology, the technology itself is lowering the setup cost of our therapy by 50% and improving the adherence rate from industry standard, 50%, 60% like pharmaceutical medicines up to 80%, 87% in some of the published data that we have out there. So that's the real power behind it, and we think there's a lot of legs to it. Certainly, some elements like the upgrade from non-cloud connectable to connectable has a time limit to it, but the digital health tail of lowering costs and improving adherence, which improves outcomes, we think has a much longer runway, and so we're excited about that opportunity to continue our Europe, Asia and global growth in devices.
Michael J. Farrell: No, it hasn't ramped up again. It just hasn't eased off as quickly and you know I think that – as I said I think that tail is longer than we had thought 90 days ago and probably has a little bit more to run in it and – but it's not just that one country, right, there's 199 others outside of the U.S. and France that we sell into. And I think the point I'm trying to make is it's – many of the others starting to power up around digital health not just on reimbursement driven ones like that country like France, but on the – just the core economic and efficacy value prop that we get from the digital health technology that we have now in the AirSense 10 and on the AirCurve 10 and in some of the ventilation platforms as well.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Thanks, Matt, and that's a really good question. As you noted, yeah, high-single-digits from Brightree but 25% from Brightree plus HEALTHCAREfirst and the other SaaS platforms. Look, it's the first quarter that we were integrating HEALTHCAREfirst. And so we have a team in home health and hospice at Brightree working on integration of those two platforms and in the core HME platform at Brightree. Our team was just at Medtrade this quarter and they've launched, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, brand new apps and some other value props that I think can help add not only more users, but more value per user opportunities as we go throughout fiscal 2019. So do I think that high-single-digits can go back to low-double-digits on the core Brightree? Absolutely. And there's probably three reasons for that. One, as I talked about in competitive bidding we're seeing that landscape really settle out so that people can focus on efficiency versus sort of some of the other aspects of declining reimbursement over the last seven years. Two, with all the changes over the last seven years in the HME industry, there's just a need for more and more efficiencies. And three, as I mentioned, some of these new solutions we're bringing into play. So, for those three reasons, I'm very confident that we can start to get that double-digit growth out of the core Brightree platform, while also integrating HEALTHCAREfirst and tying our home health and hospice value props together as we grow in the HME industry.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, Sean, just to clarify, I said next quarter. So, we're going to go to full product launch during our Q3, which is our January to March quarter.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, Margaret, thanks for the question. Yeah, that allows us to talk about the business excellence and the operating excellence programs that we've been putting into place. And clearly, yeah, as you saw in Q1 with the 4% growth in SG&A year-on-year, we really are focused on making sure we don't just work harder, but we work smarter and we have better global processes. We take some of the amazing sort of tech-driven healthcare and tech-driven solutions that we've given to our customers and apply them internally. And so we're looking at tech-driven solutions in systems and softwares within our company to allow us to throw process and technology at a problem not just say we need to hire 20 more people to solve that problem. And so I think our team has got very sophisticated on this and we had some great results. As you know, we don't give detailed quarter-to-quarter guidance on exactly what we're going to do in terms of year-on-year growth. But we're going to keep that SG&A as a percentage of revenue in the bounds that Brett said in his prepared remarks. And I'd love to do better than that, but that's the sort of guidance that we're going to give and stick to. What we saw in this quarter was excellent performance from our team. We've got 6,000 people selling in 120 countries and selling a lot more and selling a lot smarter, and I love the results and we want to do more of the above.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, thanks, Margaret, that's a good follow-up. It allows us to talk about the M&A strategy in that global SaaS business. So you know as you heard, Margaret, and many others on our Investor Day where we had a drill-down from Raj Sodhi, who's the global President of our SaaS business. He's the global President of our SaaS business and a lot of the focus has been on Brightree, which is U.S. focused and HEALTHCAREfirst, which is U.S. focused. We do sell in 120 other countries and we're clearly looking for opportunities outside there. I'm not going to signal because it's a competitive market exactly what geographies and what sectors we're looking at outside. I do just want to let our investor base know that we are looking at that opportunity. And we are also looking within the United States. Look, as you saw in the quarter incredible organic growth, right. I mean, 25% across just Brightree and HEALTHCAREfirst and all the tuck-ins we've put in there, we think that opportunity is there within the U.S.; and for ResMed, we think we have the right to be the world's leading provider of out-of-hospital medical software. We've done it in HME. We're doing it really well in home health and hospice verticals, and there are other verticals in the out-of-hospital care sector that we think can help within the U.S. geography and beyond. So, Margaret, without getting really specific, that's what I was talking to, and as we look at M&A, it's got to meet three criteria: Number one, it's got to fit our global strategy; two, it's got to make sense on the numbers and fit our financial strategy; and three, it's got to be a strong cultural fit. It has to be a fit between us and the management team and that we're going to work together and work better together and provide some growth to each other and sharing across the platform. So that's how we look at M&A. Thanks for the questions, Margaret.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, absolutely. I'll hand that – it's a good question, Lyanne. I'll hand that question to Brett Sandercock, our CFO.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Hey, Brett, also just to add in there Lyanne, we're running really an innovation-driven growth company and we're investing to grow the company, but we've got a really solid base of a lot of existing patients and existing business. So, a lot of our sort of leverage strategies around improving efficiencies in those core parts of the business, enabling the investments in innovation to really start driving new and more efficient ways to go to market, and then that feeds on itself going that way. But we're really getting leverage by investing appropriately in the growth areas and getting more efficient in the existing areas.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, that's a good question Andrew. I mean certainly, we have seen some good success of the QuietAir technology that has been in there now two and a half quarters and then the brand new launch of the F30 out the gate may have had some impact, but Jim Hollingshead who is the President of our Global Sleep Business might have some commentary as to the resupply.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, look certainly the portable oxygen concentrator market is closer to the gross margin profile of the CPAP range versus that you'd find in a full face mask or a Software as a Service solution and so yeah, we think it's fantastic gross profit dollar contribution that we can achieve from the portable oxygen concentrator market that it will be in a lower gross margin percentage dollar. We still think it's a great market to go after because of the 400 million patients worldwide, who suffer from lung disease, how they want to get out of their home and be untethered from that liquid oxygen, POCs provide a great opportunity and ResMed with our experience in digital health and what we can do when we not only give great quality oxygen and portability and reliability in the Mobi, but then also in the future bring our digital health capabilities to bear, we think it's a great market to go after. So, yeah, you'll see both of those, growth in gross profit dollars, some impact on the gross margin percentage, but certainly ResMed investing in a strong strategic area, in a chronic disease that needs our help and we can help keep these patients out of hospital and happily in their home or in the park playing with their grandkids with lung disease and our ResMed Mobi.
Michael J. Farrell: They are low. We haven't gone into sort of the quantitative on that. And I don't think there's been any like external research public that I can talk to on that David. But clearly outside the U.S. the resupply rates are lower. The bottom line is patient demand is there. And as Jim said, even sometimes the channel partner and the patient want to deliver, they just don't know how and haven't got the capability to do it. ResMed has the capability to do it and we've proven that in a number of international markets outside the U.S. And what I was talking to on the answer earlier was that we plan to rev up those capabilities and really help our customers, the patients, and the providers provide better care. And as Jim said, that leads to better adherence and lower cost for the healthcare system.
Michael J. Farrell: Just to add on to that David, the home health and hospice category or vertical if you like that HEALTHCAREfirst sells into, Brightree also sells into that. So, we've got those two teams integrating and working together to drive, as Brett said, good ongoing organic growth as we look forward in the coming quarters and fiscal years within that home health and hospice vertical which we think is underserved, for this great software and there's a lot of opportunity to grow.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. So as you know we don't break out the particular AirCurve 10 versus the AirSense 10 aspect of that and we don't break out the Astral and we just launched the Mobi. But the vast majority of the sales are in the sleep side of the business as you know that's what the company was founded on, it's our core business. I'm really excited by the new software upgrade to Astral and it's really starting to come out of the gate well. But it's not a strong – wasn't a strong material contributor in the quarter. We do think, as we look forward, that the AirCurve 10 and Astral life support ventilator and the Mobi, those three together in our respiratory care vertical will really start to contribute. And I look forward to the earnings call when I'm breaking them out and going through them in detail because it's material to the global business. But at this point, we don't break them out to that level of detail but I appreciate your question. And yeah, certainly that 14% global number it really – as I said in the prepared remarks, it really talks to the economic value proposition of the digital health. People are choosing our devices and we're taking share even three plus four years out on some of these platforms because the software isn't four years out, it was updated two weeks ago, four weeks ago and it'll be upgraded every month this coming 12 months. So, that's sort of the picture there, Saul, but appreciate your question. Sorry, I can't go into more granular detail for you.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, no. It's on par and in the future has the potential to be well ahead of given the under-met opportunity particularly in portable oxygen concentrators that are digitally powered and I think in the NIV space. I mean you look at the clinical data that we presented over the last number of quarters showing that we can reduce hospitalizations, reduce costs and really improve the lives of these COPD patients. I think NIV is particularly in the U.S. and non-sort of Western European geographies completely underpenetrated versus its opportunity in the COPD space. So, I think there is an opportunity for it to be materially above, but in Q1, it was pretty much in line with the growth across the other businesses.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, David the only thing I'd add on there is I think partnering with your channel particularly one – we had two decades, three decades of working with our channel in the sleep space to partner with them in the respiratory care space we think is the right strategy. We don't think some of our competitors are competing with the channel in this space and I just don't think it's a smart strategy. I think you want to partner with a channel and really drive value to that end user patient. The ultimate customer here is the patient. We have to find the best way to get them and our channel has such great ability to reach sleep apnea patients and COPD patients in the past. They've often been the ones to provide liquid oxygen. They should be the ones to provide portable oxygen. And so I think the go-to-market strategy will differentiate us more than others. But David, watch this space, we'll talk to you in 90, in 180, in 360 days about how the Mobi rollout goes and I think we'll start to see that really pick up.
Michael J. Farrell: And so we've now reached the hour mark. And look, before we close the call, I want to thank the 6,000 strong ResMed team for their continued dedication, focus and commitment to our growth strategy and our operating excellence initiatives. Our team is the core of what we do and it's helped us deliver another quarter of really strong revenue growth and increased operating leverage. We remain focused on our future pipeline of products, services, and software solutions that change patients' lives and benefit all of our customers, the patients, physicians, payors, home care providers and governments. Thanks for your time and we look forward to talking to you again in 90 days. Over to you, Amy.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah, that paid the payable on the balance sheet, we essentially paid that or a lot of that through this quarter, Sean. You saw that come through the cash flow.
Brett A. Sandercock: Great. Thanks, Mick. Yeah, Lyanne. We've got, I mean it's probably where – we've got quite a large program in place, I guess, which is kind of cost out programs or initiatives around efficiencies and improvements in processes, improvements in procurement or logistics, which basically we look at, I mean, we look at it well over time, but on a monthly basis and pretty formalized in terms of making sure we have a good pipeline of opportunities that we've always got. And then, looking and seeing and make sure that we're executing on those pipeline of opportunities as well. So quite sophisticated in what we do to make sure that we can operate it efficiently as we can. And clearly, if we can do that, that supports the gross margin and offsets as you can see this quarter, essentially offsets some typical ASP decline. So, that can be around a lot, I mean it can be around improvements to production, routing and selling that would improve, for example, recoveries that we make on the back of growing volumes or it could be around procurement and working even more closely nowadays with suppliers to make sure we can get the products not just as cheaply as we can but kind of as smart as we can in terms of the components and kind of what they can offer us and we try to build that into our prices as well. The kind of, I guess, quite – it gets more sophisticated in terms of how you're partnering and that's tended to help us in driving out some cost as well and there's no silver bullet. It's a number of programs and a number of opportunities that we have to work on essentially day in and day out. But, I guess, it's almost part of our DNA to make sure we could deliver on those and that's – and we don't hold back. There's not an endpoint, it's just an ongoing process. And so that's basically what the team works on particularly on the operations side.
Brett A. Sandercock: Well I mean I think that might start to manifest, but it's not – I don't – it will be a cost impact for us but I don't think it would be significant for us. I mean, it's certainly there. I don't want to discount it completely but it's not – it wouldn't be like a huge component of costs for us.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah. I mean, David, it's been, I guess, our legal cases and so on have been ongoing for a while now. So it's more or less built into the run rate. And, I mean, it can vary around a little bit quarter-to-quarter but I wouldn't expect it – it's sort of built into the run rate, so I wouldn't expect that to significantly spike through the year or anything like that. Leading up to court cases and so on, it can increase a little. But I don't think it would be particularly meaningful in any quarter at least that's what our expectation is at this stage. It's more or less built into the run rate that we've seen over the last year or two.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah, I mean, I can. It's a nice acquisition, but it's not a large one as such. So, it's not – we wouldn't get that granular on that Dave, but we did, I think last call or the call before I think we sort of said that the revenue from that was about $28 million or $29 million something like that. So, that will kind of size it for you. Obviously some profit contributions, but on the size of our business, I guess, kind of quarterly fairly de minimis. But from a portfolio standpoint, our SaaS business, quite exciting space and we're seeing good growth opportunities there. So, we do think that's strong, strategically, just a small contribution initially, but we do think that should give us a nice growth trajectory.
James Hollingshead - ResMed, Inc.: Yeah, hi, Andrew. There are a couple of things going on in the North America market. The first one is, the mask portfolio, our product mix is performing very well. So the F20 is performing very well, the N20 is performing very well and so our position with new patients is very strong. But resupply is also doing well and what we've seen over the last several quarters is an increasing adoption of automated resupply platforms by HMEs in the market. And so I think we're getting growth on both sides of it, both new patient and resupply.
James Hollingshead - ResMed, Inc.: Digital health certainly drives it and I think patients definitely want clean masks and resupply mask. And by the way, I'll throw – I'll add to that point that recent research shows that when a patient is resupplied, they're more adherent, right. And so, we're seeing more and more evidence for that and I think that that's starting to influence more and more physicians worldwide. But if you think about Europe and resupply, you've got this massive variety of payment models. I mean, we wouldn't have time to go through them all on the call. But what you are seeing is pretty steady resupply in most of those markets. And in some cases patients are getting resupplied because the hospital system has trouble doing it, just has trouble executing on it. And so, you'll – in certain countries, more and more we're providing that kind of service on behalf of the hospital system. I mean, that's a very different model from the U.S. where you've got a fee-for-service resupply that's driving demand. In certain countries in Europe, a hospital system wants to give the patient a mask just administratively can't do it. And so, that's one of the ways we're driving resupply in different European markets.
James Hollingshead - ResMed, Inc.: We talked a little bit about this at Investors Day. I think that the global market access team continues to work on multiple fronts to get payors and government entities to see the positive return on finding and treating the sleep apnea patient. But as Mick said earlier, the digital health platform creates value for care providers with or without reimbursement, right. So, we're seeing the growth of the business and the growth of treatment of patients with the digital care platforms of Air Solutions and the AirSense 10 and AirCurve 10 devices because it creates value for the care provider. We're continuing to chase reimbursement wherever we can because we think we have a very strong story to tell about health economics, but the digital care platforms create a lot of value in their own right.
