Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you so much, Kevin. Hi, everyone, and welcome to ResMed's fourth quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings call. This call is being webcast live and a replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today along with the copy of the earnings press release and the presentation both of which are available now. On the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Mick Farrell; and Chief Financial Officer, Brett Sandercock. Following our prepared remarks, Mick and Brett will be joined by Rob Douglas, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Lucile Blaise, President of our Sleep & Respiratory Care Business for the Q&A portion of the call. During today's call, we will discuss several non-GAAP measures. Please review the supporting schedules in today's earnings press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to our GAAP reported numbers. Our discussion today will also include forward-looking statements, including but not limited to expectations about our future financial and operating performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However our actual results could differ. Please review our SEC filings for a complete discussion of the Risk Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Brett, and thank you, Mick. Kevin, I'd like to go ahead and turn the call back over to you to provide the instructions and run the Q&A portion of our call.
Amy Wakeham: Awesome. Thank you, Mick, and thanks, everyone. We do appreciate your interest and your time. If you have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out directly. This does conclude our ResMed's fourth quarter 2023 conference call. Kevin, I'll turn it back to you to close the call.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matthew. And it's a good one. It's hard to predict because there are so many factors involved that that are going on in the market right now. But yes, as you said, a very, very solid number, $602 million in global devices in the quarter and 30% growth in U.S., Canada, Latin America, 15% growth in Europe, Asia, and rest of world. Look, we're seeing a strong sort of mid-single-digits level of patient flow into the channel. We're seeing in addition to that -- like in terms of new patients, we're seeing in addition to that resupply of patients at that five-year point for most U.S. reimbursement and various points in the other 139 countries where people make their own decisions or insurance has other criteria to drive that. So it's new patient setups, it's resupply setups and there's of course the impact of a competitor recall, which is -- was supposed to be over in June 30 and now has no definitive date. And so as we look to that with all those unknown factors, it's very hard for me to say, Matthew, that it's just stop and steady growth from here. It might be stronger growth from here. And that makes it hard to predict gross margins because as we grow those CPAP and APAP numbers so well in the U.S. geography, it's incredible great revenue and cloud connected and links us with the patient for life, but it is lower gross margin than our group. And so it's great gross profit dollars, but has an impact on our gross margin as you saw that steady apart from FX moving it down 30 basis points. So a complex equation but I'd say it's at minimum, it stays where it is and grows with the market but it could potentially grow above that as we continue to take share and solidify that share through our digital ecosystem. Thanks for the question, Matthew.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks, Margaret, and welcome back. Yes. I think it's difficult to predict exactly where they're at from those sort of the early emerging signs, as you say. Look, we have regional competitors in Europe that we are fighting with every day there. We have regional competitors in Asia that we're fighting with every day and regional competitors in the Americas that we're fighting with every day. When Philips comes back, they'll have to start at position number four, if you like, in new patient setups. We are -- they are back and we are competing with them in some countries in Europe, like in Spain, they never went away because they never had a phone device there. So they've been there the whole time through this recall, and we've been beating them handsomely there. And as other markets in Europe where they've started to come back, we are competing and winning and maintaining share and growing share. I think the reputation here and the time to market is going to be a very slow progress for them country by country whether or not they get a consent decree in the largest geography. And so we look at it going forward and say, look, do we have enough supply to take care of all the market demands between us and the other regional players? And we finally got there where I can say that this quarter that we're there and we can take care of it. So it's almost irrelevant to us how and when in terms of what that looks like because we're able to take care of all the market growth. So for us, it sort of takes away that uncertainty and allows us to push forward. But yes, we're competing head-to-head with them in some many countries in Asia and some countries in Europe. And it's like -- it wasn't 2019 where our smaller, quieter, more comfortable, more connected and more digital solutions are taking share and holding share. And it's an ongoing competitive game. And as I said, we're launching some of these AI driven products on top of this ecosystem. It's an exponential game when you think about digital and we're well ahead. We've had two or three years here to sprint ahead. We were ahead before that. And I think it's a long-term game won't get -- we'll keep productively paranoid, but we are improving outcomes, we're lowering costs and the physicians like the workflow efficiencies and patients like the increased adherence and payers like the fact that there's an ROI in lowering total healthcare costs.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks, Anthony, and welcome back to you too to the ResMed following us here. I'll take yes, both of your question and your follow-up in order. So firstly on resupply, as you know, you've been following us for a number of years. It's not a lock and key. You can use our mask on other devices and you can use other masks on our devices. The way that we've won market share and nobody's been on a major in terms of not being able to sell recall out there on this. And so we've had head-to-head competition with all the top five players in masks, these last three years and we've gained really good share with that. So I think it's just the smallest, the quietest, the most comfortable, the minimalist size ones, the ones that have full freedom and the ones that have the ability to for the front sleepers and side sleepers to provide that, that capability. And so that's how we've gained share in the mask side and maintained that share. So I -- there is a better together in that when you have an AirSense 10 or an AirSense 11, the mask leak data are more accurate. The interoperability of an AHI calculation or a leak calculation are more accurate. So we certainly push that angle and we do get some extra share for through the device, but it's not as material as the fact that the masks themselves are just excellent, which I think speaks to the sustainability there. So that strong resupply, as you said, 19% growth in the U.S., 14% growth in Europe, Asia and beyond, where we don't have that sort of automated resupply that we have with Brightree ReSupply Solutions in the U.S. that's been from hard work from our teams in Asia, Latin America, and Europe on patient outreach, subscription programs and connecting directly to that end user. So I think post-COVID people care about respiratory health, respiratory hygiene and taking care of themselves outside the hospital, and we've been able to leverage that trend in the consumer side as well. So I think it's sustainable, and I don't think although it may be catalyzed somewhat by our increased device share, I think our market share is on its own extraordinary and due to the intrinsic products. The second question around GLPs, yes, look, there's a lot of moving parts. I was just reading in the press today that many U.S. employers are banning coverage of GLP-1s due to cost. European governments have all said no from the government insurance side. These things are incredibly expensive about $1,000, well, anywhere from $800 to $1,200, $1,000 a month. So I think there are three factors that'll mitigate GLPs in the space. One is cost, two is adherence, and three is side effects. I'll take them really quickly in order. If you look at cost, take a 40-year old person who's on therapy full time for 40 years, 40 times, 12 times a $1,000 is $480,000 lifetime cost for that patient on a GLP-1 from 40 to 80 lifetime cost. If you take that same patient and say, look, let's treat them with CPAP, right? First year maybe a $1,000, and then 39 years of let's take a really strong case where you get four masks a year and they're all full face masks. That's about thirteen and a half thousand dollars. So it's 35 times more expensive to go with a GLP-1. It's just like what's the ROI here, that's cost. On adherence, the data out there are about 33% adherence at one year through the clinical trials on GLP-1s. That's incredibly low. We get 87% adherence at 90 days, and we hold it pretty strong there. So I think adherence is a big deal. And third is side effects. Reading thyroid, pancreas, kidney, these cancer, these major side effects and minor ones like nausea, constipation, and pain. Our biggest side effect as President Biden had a little mark on his face and he was asked about it, and it was from his CPAP. Look, I think it's a long road to play out here. I think it's frankly good marketing around the area of obesity and it can drive patients into the funnel. But I don't think it's going to be a major impact on patients because we've got 936 million of them worldwide and we need them to get into the funnel. If they come in the funnel because they tried a pill and it didn't work. That's good for us too.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the question and you look and it's a good one. Lots of factors going on gross margin, actually, the major one that as you noticed sequentially on the 30 basis points was foreign exchange and that was on inventory as it flowed through our funnel as we sold those CPAPs, APAPs we had, FX that had impacted them, six, nine months ago, but they're flowing through inventory that we sold during the June quarter. That was the headwind of 30 basis points from Q3 to Q4. We -- look, I think there's so many moving parts, but when you add it up and you look at geography mix and the upside opportunity for us to grow our business in Europe, Asia, particularly Japan, which has some chance for acceleration over the coming years, product mix, I mentioned in the prep remarks, particularly on bi-level and our non-invasive ventilator growth. So think AirCurve ST, FTI, AirCurve ASV, these are in -- and our masks side, particularly the full face, but any of the masks, all of those are gross margin accretive to our group. And I see opportunities for strong growth in all those categories. And also our software solutions have gross margin accretive capabilities and as we go on an organic basis from single-digits to high-single-digits to low doubles there on the software SaaS side of the business, I think that's margin accretive. So I feel good about that. I also know that we are working through the sort of higher inventory costs that we had in that supply chain crisis, we had to spend more on chips, parts and pieces and those contracts and get more expensive components for the cloud connective chip and beyond. And those freight costs that we invested in and everyone's talking all the news, the freight costs are down, you should take away your surcharge. Well, no, actually the freight costs that we paid six, nine months ago are working there with through -- way through our gross margin, as you saw in the June quarter. And that'll go on for some time, but that's going to continue to go down over time and as that does go through our sole products, there's going to be some tailwinds for gross margin. And the final one and really important one is we're going to drive AirSense 11. It's the best in the world product. It's better than the second best product in the world, which is the AirSense 10. And it gives us a chance as we gain regulatory approvals and we scale that production to improve our gross margins there as well. So all those are tailwinds for the gross and net margin of the business as we move through the fiscal year. Hard to predict in that one of the main factors is, how do we accelerate in the U.S. and particularly in CPAP, APAP. I will never turn down a patient if there's demand for a patient and they want an CPAP and APAP, I'm not going to reverse engineer and we know how to do it. We could reverse engineer our gross margin up 30, 50 basis points by slowing down sales of product. We're not going to do that when a patient needs care. We're going to take care of them even if it's a slightly lower gross margin. And by the way, it is very good gross profit dollars, and we get to take that cash flow as you saw a really strong cash flow in the quarter and reinvest it in R&D. So we're working on all the above furiously and we're going to get success as we go over the next one, two, three, and four quarters.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Look, we have run all sorts of scenario analyses around that. I think one of the differences if you think in terms of ResMed's ability to work with suppliers in the core device side, where in terms of chip sets, the whole med-tech sector as a group, and I serve on the Board of AdvaMed and we were advocating for more semiconductor chips for the whole industry. When we were going to Intel, TI and all these companies and sort of begging for semiconductor chips 12, 18 months ago, all together we were less than 1% of the supply of chips. And it was very difficult. We did get some, and as you saw, we did have to pay a little more, but we were able to get those contracts with other players and get long-term contracts and get that supply. In the field of medical grade silicon rubber, we are one of the top users in the world for this. As you know, we sell tens of millions of mask products per year. And we are an incredibly large part of that supply chain. So if a competitor was not able to sell masks, their demand for that LSR would go down and those or similar suppliers would then want to keep their factories operating and be looking for other suppliers. And we would be running the game theory and the analysis of where we go and how we go to ramp that production up. So it would be a good problem to have for the business. I think it'd be bad problem to have for patients, but I think the probability of that is relatively low, but if it does happen, we're ready. But Rob, do you have any thoughts on that? Rob Douglas, our President and COO.
Mick Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question, Sean. Yes, a simple question, very complex answer across the 140 countries and all the dynamics. I think one thing that I'm comfortable to say though on this is that if you look over the last four quarters, our commercial teams have done an incredible job of partnering up with our customers to say, look, inflation is up, costs are up. How do we share some of the pain, if you like, of these increased costs? And we were able to increase some prices on some mask systems and components and some devices where we could, it's tough because customers often don't get much relief from the payers. They did in the Medicare side in the U.S. market where there was an inflation adjustment up of around 5% January 1. And so that was a benefit for our providers, and so we could share some of the pain there in terms of increased pricing. But we've also had some surcharges on our products in terms of freight. And although, as I said in the prep remarks, we've seen all the news media that freight costs are all down. Well, yes, okay, they are on a spot price, but 12 months ago or nine months ago, as that works through our inventory, that freight charge is still there and is still impacting our costs. And inflation, although coming down is still high. But I think our commercial teams have done a really good job of partnering up with our customers, walking them through the situation, the reality that costs are up, inflation's up, freights up, inventory costs are up. We need to work on appropriate pricing to make that happen. And we've had some appreciation in average selling price over these last 12 months. And we'll look to do over the next 12 months to do an appropriate pricing with customers on a per customer per contract basis to sort of share some of the pain of the increased cost that our industry is having. But at the same time, we're laser-focused on driving that growth. And so it's a really strong sort of price elasticity, it's a question of how do we make sure we get that balance right? But it's a competitive game. Some of our competitors are out there saying the same thing publicly, that costs are up. And so we need to move prices appropriately. And we are out there working with customers to make sure that we as an industry take care of patients in a sustainable economic way, and that that involves both quantity, price, and supply over the long-term.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So great question, Lyanne. And yes, 12 months ago, when it was pretty clear that we had a strong runway there on the devices side, and we -- it was really, we were constrained by our own production. I was able to very strongly say, look, I am confident that our supply chain team has got access to this re-engineering, redesign, and redeployment of key components, particularly electronic components, particularly semiconductors. And we did that and we grew device revenue every quarter throughout fiscal year 2023, as you noted. I was really excited with the team on that. As we look forward to fiscal year 2024, we don't give guidance really on the top-line. Brett's given some really solid guidance on our SG&A, our R&D, our effective tax rate and how we're looking in those parts of the business that are very controllable. As I said in some of the earlier questions, Lyanne, there's so many moving factors in overall demand in the market. But look, I'm confident because new patients continue to come into the funnel, right? That's happening across the world, and it's not happening randomly. We're driving demand gen programs; we're driving them in Australia, New Zealand with our Awaken Your Best campaign. We're driving them through our German teams, our India teams, social media programs in our China team, this really strong social media demand gen. And so we're getting new patients in the funnel. And there was a lot of patients who couldn't get a replenishment device when their device hit three years or five years or whatever time their insurance allows, or they as a consumer decide that they want to get to the next-gen product. And I think the AirSense 11 and all its features, it's engagement with the patient, with compliance coach, and its ability to engage with them directly on the touchscreen has driven some demand as well. So all that together make me confident that over the fiscal year, we're going to have strong demand. But as you go from Q4 to Q1, there's a seasonal impact. The Northern European and U.S. markets take summer vacations, and these have impacts seasonally on the business. And so traditionally, Q4 to Q1 isn't one up. I'm not giving guidance for it, but traditionally, that's the way it happens. We are not -- we are no longer supply constrained. We are back to a demand environment. And then there's the factor of that number four competitor probably not coming back during the next 60 days through. So the end of this 90-day period, but I'm not going to jump in and predict on that. All I'm going to say is we're out there all day every day, driving demand gen of new patients in, we're out there farming for patients who need to get a replacement device. And every day we're engaging with patients on myAir and reminding them of the importance of a clean hygiene and a new mask and engagement with their digital apps. So all the above gives me very strong confidence for high growth of ResMed throughout the year. But I'm not going to call it on an every 90 day basis here. We just don't do that on the top-line.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. We've really been focused on that patient and making sure no one's left behind. As I said in an earlier question, and although the AirSense 11 is better margin for us, and it's better innovation and it has a higher engagement on the myAir app, which drives engagement, adherence, mass resupply and everything. Our view is that if there's a patient available and we have the parts and pieces and the ability to make an AirSense 10 take care of that demand now while we ramp AirSense 11, we're going to do it and we're going to take care of that patient. By the way, there's some really strong upside for that patient in that the alternative is a competitor device, which would not be as small, quite, comfortable and connected. And so they'd have a much worse experience than the AirSense 10 with a competitive one. So it's better for the patient. It is slightly low margin for us, but we get that patient on therapy, and there is the better together with ResMed that it's more likely, hopefully, that they get a ResMed mask and that they use that mask for the rest of their life. And so I think there's an overlap there, if you like of altruism and the profit motive to do the right thing on a gross profit, cash flow driven environment. And we're not going to manage just to a GM line and say, well, let's not do that and make those products. And so it's less I mean, it's strategic in this way that our brand is about patient care. Our brand is about taking care of someone who's suffocating and getting them out of hospital and doing that. And if we have to do it with an AirSense 10, which is an amazing seven-year old platform, then we're going to do it. If we can do it with the brand new AirSense 11 platform, we're going to do it. And look, nothing's slowing us down. Our quality and regulatory teams are going geography by geography to get the AirSense 11 approved in each of the regulatory environments. So as soon as that is, we can start selling the products. But the ramp up on AirSense 11 is probably not as fast as it would be in a market where you had all five major competitors competing there because of that excess demand we're covering a lot of that with the AirSense 10. So that's sort of how we're thinking about it. Patient-centric, patient demand, take care of that patient now, get them on our ecosystem, and then ramp as fast as we can AirSense 11, and we're doing that. Nothing's slowing down. The accelerator is firmly pedal to the floor on AirSense 11. And so everyone we make, we sell but it will be on allocation just given the huge demand that we see in the market right now, Chris. Thanks for the question.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the question. And I think actually if you go back and look, the all the factors that I talked about 90 days ago, we're talking about today, but in addition, the AirSense 11 ramp that we're putting together there. What happened in these 90 days that was unpredicted was -- there was more demand. What we thought a competitor may be back, and there was more demand for CPAPs and APAPs and we didn't -- I know the exact number of how we could have slowed down our AirSense 10 generation to get gross margin to be plus 30 basis points from QtoQ, but we didn't engineer it and reverse engineer it that way. We said, there's demand out there, let's go take care of those patients. That was the unexpected factor. It was U.S. CPAP and APAP demand. And I mean, you look through the numbers, you'll see that it was incredibly strong on gross profit generation, cash flow generation, incredibly strong during the quarter. And we did think about it. Oh gosh, do we follow through and saying, oh, we want to get accretive GM, 90-day to 90-day point or do we say take care of that patient? And we said, no, we're going to do the right thing. We're going to take care of the patient. So we're thinking about the long-term here. But no, I'm still bullish over this fiscal year for sure. I -- you never can know what demand's going to look like and where it's at and we are not going to not take care of a patient. But as those higher inventory costs work their way through our system there's opportunity for gross margin improvement as we go forward. There's also the impact of if you looked at the SG&A this time a year ago in the June quarter of 2022 versus 2023, there was still a lot of people on that sort of COVID. I'm not traveling, I'm not going to see customers, I'm not going to do the strategic meetings and the planning meetings. We've opened some of that up, as you saw in our SG&A and so that's impacting our net margin as well. We're going to manage those tightly and carefully. And we'll probably have some further vigilance, if you like, on our SG&A and we won't be pulling back really on R&D. I think that the innovation engine has to continue to grow, and we're doubling down on AI, and I think our leadership and digital health, we have to make that happen. So I'm still bullish throughout the fiscal year of FY2024. But we're not going to not take care of a patient if there's excess demand with a CPAP and APAP to manage one component of the P&L versus taking care of the patients and thinking about the one, three, five-year strategic engagement with the patient, with the physician, with the provider, and doing the right thing for the industry. So that's the sort of factors that have changed in the next 90 days. And I hope actually all this comes together and we continue to do both, right, drive the needs of the patient and be able to get accretion in our GM. And I'm very confident we'll do that over the coming 3, 6, 9, 12 months.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Look, I don't think we've fully worked through the backlog of patients in the U.S. in terms of patients who want to get whose insurance has got to the five-year point if their Medicare or three, four, five depending on which private payer they're under. And so I do think our competitors' actions slowed down that, that particularly if they're on a competitive device and the demand limitation and the physician saying, look, I've got to take care of new patients. They weren't as prone to write prescriptions or to allocate REPAP, if you like, for patients. So I actually think there's some runways still left on REPAP within the U.S. geography, and I think that's even more so in other markets. As Rob just noted and as we talked about the engagement with consumers and patients in different geographies is driving mass growth and any quarter that have 14% revenue growth in masks in Europe, Asia, rest of the world would be incredible. And that's not driven by any recall dynamics whatsoever from a competitor. Everybody's been competing in masks globally. And so I think that speaks to our ability to hopefully have a sustainable approach to REPAP not only in the U.S. where we have incredibly strong relationships with Brightree and myAir directly to patients, directly to providers but the ecosystems that we are generating in some of our other sort of omni-channel markets around the world. So I think the opportunity for REPAP in the U.S. is still there over this fiscal year and beyond, and to make it a rhythm, right? So it becomes a steady part of the growth of the devices and to drive it. I think there's even more opportunity in the other parts of the world leveraging the work we've done on the mask side to then remind patients and track them when they're at that three, four, five-year time period to pull forward. Now I want to be there with the appropriate supply, so I'm not jumping ahead of ourselves, but we do have the programs and capabilities to do that, but I think the demand is there inherently.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So it's a great question and yes, our R&D team, have obviously been incredibly focused on the re-engineering, the resupply and the redesign on our core device platforms, and we're able to do that, right? So we're able to get the supply back of Air 10s, as you saw, and Air 11s. But yet, look, I -- we had the whole board down in Sydney last quarter, and we were looking through the pipeline of devices and masks and it's incredible. It's really exciting. I don't like to get ahead of my commercial teams, and one of them is at the table with me now telling me to keep quiet. But I can tell you I'm very excited about the pipeline. There will be new innovation, new masks from ResMed as we go through this fiscal year. And as a personal user of these products, I try every new mask that comes out and this new one, which has a great project name that I'm not able to say, but it's a beautiful island that you can travel to by boats. I have tried that that mask and it's incredible and I can't wait for that to come to the market. But yes, look, we do have masks that are coming in the pipeline that are working their way through regulatory and then of course, commercial ramp up to make sure that when we deliver, it's ResMed quality, ResMed capability, first time fit, incredible adherence, and to drive through the channel. And so you'll see those come through our major markets and then globally throughout the fiscal year. So I'm excited about that pipeline. The one that I can talk about is the digital side, where we've launched an AI product and I'm really excited as those get more traction, we'll talk about how the digital products and the mass products throughout the year are going to impact and keep our incredibly strong double-digit growth that we saw this quarter.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. And thanks to all of our stakeholders for joining us this last hour as we talked through our results. And we'll talk to you again in 90 days. In closing, I want to thank the 10,000 ResMedians. Many of you are shareholders and listen to these calls as well, thanks for your dedication and hard work, helping people sleep better, breathe better, live better lives in 140 countries. These results are yours, incredible double-digit growth. Thanks for all that you do. I'll hand the call back to you Amy to close this out.
