Brett A. Sandercock: Great. Thanks, Mick. Revenue for the September quarter were $357.7 million, an increase of 5% over the prior-year quarter. In constant currency terms, revenue increased by 4%. Income from operations for the quarter was $96.9 million, an increase of 20% over the prior-year quarter. And net income for the quarter was $80.9 million, an increase of 14% over the prior-year quarter. Diluted earnings per share were $0.56 for the quarter, again, an increase of 14% over the prior-year quarter. Gross margin for the September quarter was 63.7%, an increase of 230 basis points compared to Q1 FY '13. On a year-on-year basis, our gross margin benefited from favorable currency movements, favorable product mix and manufacturing improvements, partially offset by ASP declines. Looking forward, we expect our gross margin to be in the range of 62% to 64%, assuming current exchange rates. Additionally, we continue to execute on initiatives targeted at improving our global manufacturing, supply chain and logistics cost structures. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $101.3 million, an increase of 3% over the prior-year quarter. And in constant currency terms, SG&A expenses increased by 4%. SG&A expenses, as a percentage of revenue, improved to 28.3%, compared to the year-ago figure of 28.9%. Looking forward, and subject to currency movements, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be in the vicinity of $0.28 for fiscal year 2014. R&D expenses for the quarter were $27.4 million, an increase of 1% over the prior-year quarter. While in constant currency terms, R&D expenses increased by 9%. R&D expenses, as a percentage of revenue, were 7.7% compared to the year-ago figure of 8%. Looking forward, we expect R&D expenses, as a percentage of revenue, to be in the range of 7% to 8% for fiscal year 2014. This reflects an ongoing commitment to investing in our product pipeline, tempered somewhat by the depreciation of the Australian dollar, as the majority of our research and development is undertaken in Australia. Amortization of acquired intangibles was $2.4 million for the quarter, while stock-based compensation expense for the quarter was $10.8 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.7%, compared to the prior-year quarter effective tax rate of 21.6%. The lower tax rate this quarter reflects the ongoing benefit of lower effective tax rates associated with our Singapore manufacturing operations. We currently estimate our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2014 will also be in the vicinity of 21%. Turning now to revenue in more detail. Overall, sales in the Americas were $201.5 million, an increase of 4% over the prior-year quarter. Sales outside the Americas totaled $156.2 million, an increase of 7% over the prior-year quarter. In constant currency terms, sales outside the Americas increased by 5% over the prior-year quarter. Breaking out revenue between product segments. In the Americas, flow generator sales were $88.6 million, an increase of 5% over the prior-year quarter, reflecting solid growth in our APAP and bilevel devices. Masks and other sales were $112.9 million, an increase of 3% over the prior-year quarter, reflecting a very competitive market, particularly in the nasal and pillow segments. For revenue outside the Americas, flow generator sales were $103.2 million, an increase of 7% over the prior-year quarter, or in constant currency terms, an increase of 4%. Masks and other sales were $53 million, an increase of 9% over the prior-year quarter, or in constant currency terms, an increase of 7%. Globally, in constant currency terms, flow generator sales increased by 4%, while Masks and other also increased by 4%. Cash flow from operations was $90.4 million for the quarter, reflecting strong underlying earnings and working capital management. Capital expenditure for the quarter was $16.8 million, while depreciation and amortization for the September quarter totaled $17.9 million. Our share buyback continues to play a major role in our capital management program. During the quarter, we repurchased 432,000 shares for consideration of $21.1 million. At the end of September, we had approximately 4.1 million shares remaining under our authorized buyback program. We plan to repurchase at least 2 million shares during fiscal year 2014. In addition to the buyback, our Board of Directors today declared a quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share, consistent with our previously advised dividend policy. Our balance sheet remains very strong. Net cash balances at the end of the quarter was $616 million, and at September 30, total assets stood at $2.3 billion, and net equity was $1.7 billion. I'll now hand the call back to the operator for your questions.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes, I do. I mean, the currency impact obviously benefited on the gross margin with the currency this quarter. And if I look -- if you look through from Q1 into Q2, I still think we'll see some favorable benefits there, and I'd estimate probably -- it's probably going to be in the order of 70 basis points, if currencies hold. Go in [ph] with caution, as all these crept up a bit over the quarter. If you looked in -- for the gain in the Q2, Q3, then you'd see something like half of that 70 basis points reversing back into -- in Q3. So we're going a long way out in terms of predicting on currencies. But if you think about it, Q2 will still see some favorable benefits from currency, then if you watch into Q3, that'd probably, on a sequential basis, reverse a little bit. But looking -- kind of underlying theme of favorability from currency movement, I think we're still going to see that play out on the bottom line in the next few quarters.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes, we're around the 60% mark. We're a little bit more on the Flow Gens, a little bit less on the Mask, but you can sort of blend it around the 60%, And I think, as we said before, I think we just progressively kind of lift that as our production increases. So, also, we predict exactly where we'll be, but that will certainly become a larger percentage of our manufacturing over time.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. I mean, the big one, sequentially, would have been FX impact. So, sequentially, that contributed around 90 basis points. So you think on that, that's basically most of that expansion, if you like. I mean, but if you're still looking at trend buys, we're still getting product mix benefits and things like CPAP to APAP, the Respiratory Care business, all those provide, if you like, sort of a bit of tailwind for us on the gross margin. And some geographic mix, there's some benefit around geographic mix this time around, which -- generally, we probably don't get to the same magnitude we got this time. So there's a few things playing out. The other one is on -- I mean, we're working really hard in the manufacturing and the cost outside of the business as well. And you're seeing that sort of manifest pretty consistently now through the gross margin, and we're absolutely committed to those programs. So, again, you'll see them flowing through as well. And what we're looking to do is -- and you've probably seen it here in the last year or 2 is really do enough through the product mix, through manufacturing logistics to offset the ASP decline.
Brett A. Sandercock: I mean, they'll be a combination of all those, Dan, really. And on things like volume rebate and so on, what you do there is you have to be -- it's pretty dynamic in terms of estimating where you think volume is going to be. And then if we think they're going to hit those, then we certainly accrue as we go. So it's not like you're just going to get lumped with them all of a sudden. That will be spread out through the course of the year or whenever the volume contract is over. And then, of course, you have to make a call on what you think's really sticking and what you think that particular customer will achieve in terms of volumes.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, Andrew, so there was some temporary distraction that we talked about from the CB 2 rates that we saw in Q1. The Americas' flow generators growth was 5% year-on-year, which is in the middle of that 4% to 6% range that we think is around that. So reasonably solid growth from us, but in looking at our partners, our HME's business and working with them, we noticed some distraction in, as we said, the contracts from the winners, the subcontracting from the nonwinners and the relationships that have to happen in terms of getting both prescriptions and referrals for patients who were on the replenishment programs for -- who transferred from nonwinners to winners. So all that together caused some temporary distraction during the quarter, and we think that's had some effect on the flow generator growth of the market. And we did reasonably well, I think, in terms of holding our share in a pretty tough quarter for that, where we hit 5%.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. So I mean, as we talked about on our last call in the intervening period, around 5% to 7% is the sort of year-on-year price reductions that we've seen. If you remember, last call, we talked about 4% to 6%. So that's a delta of 100 basis points. We think that is temporary and associated with the distraction that happened particularly in the U.S. market. And that 5% to 7% can possibly go back to the 4% to 6%. And we think that will happen as the distraction clears. So without, Andrew, breaking out the specifics of exactly what unit volumes are, which we never do here, and we just talk about revenue growth, that 5% number has sort of all those factors weighed into it.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks, David. The mask resupply has been, and will continue to be, a strong element of growth long-term for the industry. We partnered very closely, particularly in the U.S. market, with our customers to help drive replenishment programs, really, over the last 3, 5 years, and even beyond that in terms of helping them access their patients, understand adherence rates, understand the importance of that for keeping the patients out of hospital, saving money for the health care system. And that is good for the patient, it's good for the payer and it's good for the provider. So there's a good incentive for all the parties involved. And we've seen that grow really well, as you have, over the quarters. We think that trend will absolutely continue and we will be a part of it. Clearly, in Q1, we did not grow as fast as we'd like to in the nasal and -- particularly, the nasal category but also somewhat in the pillows category. With the launch of the Swift FX Nano, we're back on the front foot in the nasal category. And that's got an S-curve to go up. But as I said in my opening remarks, we have 3 great masks coming out across the categories over the next 3, 6, 9 months. And we believe that those will get us on the front foot for the new patient setup. On the second part of your question about switching patients, masks tend to be like those really comfortable pair of jeans or those really comfortable pair of shoes where it's hard to get someone to change. And if they change, they often buy the same pair of jeans or the same pair of shoes that they were wearing before. And it's difficult to get patients to switch. We think that fundamental is still there. And that's why it's all the more important for us to get these great new masks out and get back on the front foot for new patient setup because there's a trailing revenue opportunity and a trailing opportunity to really help the health care system by keeping those patients with masks for their lifetime.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks, Saul. Yes, it's a temporary distraction in the U.S. market associated with CB2, right? So the U.S. market, which is 50% of the global, it's within that 25% that's [indiscernible] as Medicare. That temporary distraction -- how long is a piece of string? We don't have 100% knowledge on how long it'll take, but we believe it's a matter of months. It's not a matter of weeks. But it's not a matter of quarters. This is a matter of months and we think the U.S. customers have been dealing with this for, now, 90 -- across 20, we're talking about 110, 114 days now. It's not new to them, we've been partnering with them over this period. They know what the challenges are and they're working hard at getting all the paperwork sorted out, getting the subcontracts sorted out, getting the new prescriptions, getting the patients on their databases and working with them. And we are partnering with them -- as we said, with things like the Brightree to make it single order entry, single approach to 1 health care infomatic system to be able to order and resupply. So we think that, over the next number of months, we'll be able to help them through that process, and we're pretty confident in that. Jim, I don't know if you want to add a couple of comments, Jim Hollingshead, who is our President of the Americas, might add a couple of comments. He's closer to this.
Michael J. Farrell: Okay, Steve. So we're 110 days in, and we think it's months away on CB2 lineup. We're 23 days in to the French announcement of the telemonitoring, and so 3 weeks -- Anne Reiser, who's our President of Europe, is all across this. She's actually our previous President of France, and ran that business since we hired her from Medtronic for almost a decade in sales and laying it [ph], so she knows the French market intimately. And we have good relations with both the authority and excellent relationships with our customers in France. And we have seen this coming and have been planning for it. We have had great learning from our U.S. market, with EasyCare Online now becoming the leader in healthcare informatics for the sleep disorder breathing space, and we have been able to scale that business very well over the last number of years in the U.S. So we have the systems, the tools and the scalable capabilities that we have now taken, literally, to within the country of France and availability now across the European Union. So it's early days. We think the customers are starting to get to grips around it and understanding how to work with us. We think it's going to be a benefit for the S9 order set, for the S9 order set with wireless capabilities and for our EasyCare Online solution in France. But, Steve, it's too early days to say how quickly that S-curve will start to happen, but the starting gun just went off.
Michael J. Farrell: Matthew, we don't have visibility into the exact per-customer, per-payer knowledge of our customers and so what we do is look at it as a portfolio. Clearly, globally, we saw 100 basis points with the 5% to 7% year-on-year price declines. So there's some impact there, but breaking it out between public and private is very high. What we know are the facts. The facts are that CB2 was announced in February, and went into play in July 1, and that's the main impact that's happened across that payer portfolio. There have been very minor changes in private payers that are not out of the ordinary in and what was happening over the last, not just 5 quarters, but 5 years. So I'm affected by CB or CB1 or CB2. So I'd say that you could deduce that, primarily, price changes were driven by CB2, but we don't have true visibility into it. So it's an assumption, but a pretty good one, based upon the data that we have in hand.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, look, I think the pricing behavior has been pretty steady in that 5% to 7% range. I mean, clearly, the new product introduction behavior is that there have been a number of new products introduced by, primarily, our 2 major competitors. Without going into detail, we talked about the nasal category and the pillows category being where they are looking to enter and the customers are sampling those products. We're very confident that not only the Quattro Air's success but Swift FX Nano's great start. And without going into detail, the pipeline that we have coming in the next 3, 6 to 9 months will get us back on the front foot for that first-time setup. So if I was to summarize competitive behavior, I'd say it's about innovation and it's about competition through small, acquired and more comfortable, and better for the patient. Because everyone is starting to realize that adherence is the outcome that matters. That's what saves money for the payer, it's what saves money for the employer and it's what benefits the patient directly each night. That level of competitive behavior of innovating on value, is something that we think is healthy for the industry, but we also think plays to our strong suit over the last couple of decades, and something that we are absolutely confident we can get back on the front foot.
Michael J. Farrell: No, Joanne, we don't give guidance on revenue. I'll reiterate our market guidance, that we believe that the global market will grow at 6% to 8%, Flow Generators will grow at 4% to 6%, and Masks will grow at 8% to 10%.
Michael J. Farrell: David, low-cost competition is nothing new in our industry. It's been around for over a decade. Many of the players at Medtrade are players who have been trying to enter this market and/or other markets. When I say this market, the one you're at, at Medtrade, the U.S. market and/or other markets around the world, for many years. And the way I'd look at it is if supply was unable to enter the Chinese market or the Brazilian market and their levels of focus on quality and cost trade-off, what are their chances in the U.S. market? So I think it comes back to the fundamentals. The fundamentals here are that health care systems are growing at a fast rate, relative to GDP, for every major developed country. And the U.S. is at 18% of its GDP on health care. Most of western Europe is somewhere in the 10% to 12% of its GDP on health care. Every healthcare system around the world is looking for outcomes and value, and that's driven by long-term adherence and reduction of cost with improvement of quality of life of the patient. We have focused very closely on this, and every new product we bring to market, every new solution we bring to market, looks to take cost out of the system and improve adherence rates for the patient, and reduce the long-term costs for payers and for employers. So, in that environment, with all that going on, I don't think a low-cost solution that has low value has a great opportunity to get into the market. We have great value, our products, at good value prices. So this is happening on a global scale. But I guess you were in the U.S. at Medtrade, maybe I'll hand it to Jim Hollingshead to give some detail on what's happening in the U.S. market with those new entrants.
Michael J. Farrell: David, we have daily conversations with our customers. It's hard to get a read on this at that level of detail, but what I can say is the temporary distraction is receding, and it's a question on how fast it recedes. We're 111, 114 days in. It's better than 100 days in, it's better than 90 days in. And it's going in the right direction and we believe it will resolve over a matter of months. The exact kinetics of it, during the quarter, is something that we just don't have visibility to. But the needle is moving in the right direction.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, absolutely. And we are very focused on our VPAP ST-A, our VPAP COPD and across our pipeline in the COPD space. So that's the first market that we have huge opportunities for our bilevels. The VPAP COPD product was just launched in the end of Q4. So it's initial part of its S-curve. It involves some interaction through the pathway, with the sleep lab, where we have excellent channel access and channel control. And we have our VPAP Tx titration devices available in sleep labs across the country, and so we're really excited about the opportunities in COPD. Secondly, in the bilevel side, long-term, there's a huge opportunity in heart failure. And as you saw, we talked about our European growth being very strong during the quarter. That is helped by the fact that we are running SERVE-HF in France, Germany, the Nordics, as well as the U.K., as well as sites outside Europe. But we're seeing a halo effect from that trial, in the cardiorespiratory space. So, the order set CS product, which is an adaptive servo-ventilation product, an extension of those bilevels, saw some incredible growth. Not just during Q1, but over the last number of quarters. That is a long S-curve, and as we get to the end of results from SERVE-HF, which is mid-2015, there could be an inflection point in really accelerating those cardiorespiratory sales. So I'd summarize, Ian, by saying we've got great initial movement on our S9 bilevels, but there's a heck of a lot of runway ahead for us, particularly in the cardiorespiratory space.
Michael J. Farrell: Partnerships like our partnership with Brightree really help the regionals. We've got EDI partnerships which really helped the nationals. We've got PCP awareness which helps the mom and pops, the regionals and the nationals. So we're willing to partner across the segments and across the categories of customers and products, and we see it as a pretty solid and steady move going forward, would be my summary there.
Michael J. Farrell: Jeff, the distribution agreement with CareFusion was immaterial 1 year ago, and it remain immaterial now. How we're distributing the Stellar range of products which were involved in that agreement is that we have our own respiratory account managers across the U.S. market, which is where that bill is focused. And our respiratory account managers and our respiratory clinical specialists, who are part of our core sales force, have picked up this product. And we did better in our first quarter with our team selling our product than another team trying to sell our product over 1 whole year. So we're seeing some good momentum with Stellar, which has done incredibly well in France and Germany, where it was primarily designed for. But some really good upside opportunities that have come to us in the U.S. But, particularly, as I mentioned in my introductory remarks, Stellar is a great product in the Americas geography, for Brazil, where we see the need for home care ventilation. And in some of those emerging markets, our products that are in the value space in respiratory care, have a great opportunity in that geography. So, in the Americas, I'd say one of the best geographic opportunities is right there in Brazil. But here in the U.S., we've taken over that distribution and we've started to move pretty well in it. And there's more, as I said in my opening remarks, in this market, through the end of fiscal '14, we're going to see some very interesting platform launches in the respiratory care space.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, so we won't break it out, Anthony. But what I'll say is that, with 35% of the diagnoses in the U.S. market being home sleep testing, pretty much every prescription that comes from a home sleep test requires some type of APAP device. And so there's a sort of good relationship between us. It's not necessarily one for one, because physicians get to see products like the S9 order set and get to love it and want to use it for many of their patients and prescribe it for [indiscernible] from the lab as well as from HST. But if you're looking for an indicator, that may be one that can help you in your calculations for working the downstream split between APAP and CPAP. But one thing remains, is that there is a positive mix shift from CPAP to APAP. Why? Well, of course there's the HST trend in the U.S. market. But if you look at other markets around the world, APAP, and particularly the S9 order set, has gained share because it's better for patients. It adjusts during the night, it adjusts night to night and it is very good long-term care. And so we're seeing good outcomes from that. There's people focused more on the outcomes and the value of therapy. We're seeing products like the S9 order set get more and more attention.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, sure, Anthony. Well, as I said earlier in the Q&A here, CMS announced CB2 in February, it went into effect in July and we saw some effect in Q1. But private payers, during the last 90 days, did what they've done over the last 9 years, which is the steady reductions over time, by geography, by state. There's been business as usual as we look across the private payer space within the U.S. market.
Michael J. Farrell: Great. Well, thanks, everybody, for coming and listening in on this call. I'd like to say thanks to our investors, to the analysts and our many customers who listen to this conference call. Importantly, I'd like to take this opportunity to say a special thank you to the 4,000-strong global ResMed team, from Asia-Pac, Europe and the Americas, for your hard work, dedication and continued excellence. Together, we are improving, literally, millions -- multiple millions of lives in respiratory medicine, 1 breath at a time. Thank you.
James Hollingshead: Sure. I mean, to give you guys a sense of the scale of it, roughly half of competitive bid to contracts were won by HMEs who did not have physical facilities in the place where they wanted, right? And so as Mick referred to in the opening comments, that means that there's a lot of subcontracting arrangements that have to be worked out. And so if you just think that side of it alone -- just think of the contracts that had to be set up -- and the subcontracting model is actually new, for the most part, in the HME world. So there's a big administrative burden. Once you've figured out a model, you've got a lot of paperwork you've got to do and you've got arrangements, you have to set up around who owns the inventory and how does it get shipped and things like that. It creates an extra burden on top of, and parallel to, the reimbursement cuts. And so, how long will it take to work through? We see people working through it already. Our customers are very good business people. They have historically shown real resilience in dealing with administrative burden created by both government payers and, well, by Medicare and private payers. So we think we seen working through it now and we think it's probably months and not weeks, but it's not an all year thing. We think they'll clear it and we think they're working through it right now.
James Hollingshead: Well, the first thing -- I think it's a great question and I completely agree with Mick's answer. But if I just think, with our customers, right? The basic equation for our customers is they need products to work. So they need to be able to easily set up a patient. They need to be able to track the compliance of that patient, make sure the patient gets compliance and then create a resupply model. And so the better the product works, the better off they are. And our products work better than other products on the market. We have the best products on the market. Most of the low-cost sort of Asian entrants are producing products that really are not in that class. They don't work that well. They create cost at setup, they create lower compliance rates, et cetera. It's not a very good value proposition. Having said that, we're very mindful. I mean, we're watching the competitive set. And the key thing for us, over time, is to be able to continue to innovate with great product, which we have a great track record of doing, right? So that's it. Now, one of the things we found, and I was actually going to suggest we might turn to Dave to comment is the other issue was around our intellectual property. So, in this space, intellectual property is very strong. And as you guys know, we've defended our intellectual property against a couple of Asian entrants. And that's another way we defend. But I think that the basic way we defend is we have the great products that work that create more revenue for our customers.
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Mick. The consolidation has been a gradual tectonic move in the channel over the last several years. And I think it will continue at that. Logically, you might expect a little bit of acceleration to consolidation because of CB2, but right now, we're not seeing a massive step change on that basis. And bear in mind, too, that DME is such a local business, that in many cases the local setup shall still be done by DMEs who are now subcontracting, right? So I continue to see it as a more gradual movement.
