Peter Farrell: Well, Michael, it was actually 58.2%, so that will be aimed to 58.1%. But as you know, it's a complicated equation with geographic mix. And in this particular instance with the very encouraging growth in the U.S. market, which was 14%, where the prices tend to be a little lower, that obviously impacted the figure, but let me throw it to Brett for some more granular input.
Peter Farrell: Well, Michael, I think a general feeling is that not being in the hospital market, we're sort of leaving money on the table. So that's certainly part of the equation. And if you look at that, we spent quite a bunch of money on R&D in the ventilation spot. Geoff Nelson may want to add some more flavor here, Geoff being the President of the Respiratory Care Strategic Business Unit. But we thought we would just leave the money on the table. And the good news is that outside the United States, we're actually doing not so badly in the institutional environment. But in the U.S., we were nowhere. We were literally nowhere. And it was just happenstance, I guess, with Kieran going to CareFusion and having a very good feel for the amount of effort and time we put into the ventilation space, and it just fitted nicely with the gap that they had. So we're kind of encouraged by that. But on the broader -- in the broader picture, those strategic initiatives that we referred to, taking no particular order of priority, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or more specifically overlap syndrome, where a patient has upper airway instability, plus needs some help with ventilation, that's an area where we see huge potential, roughly 30 million patients in that space. And of that, roughly 1/3 of them having overlap syndrome. That's 10 million people, which are not, we don't believe, being effectively addressed. The second area is, if you like, both cardiovascular and cerebrovascular. In other words, taking into account, transient ischemic attack, stroke. 75% of both TIA and stroke patients have sleep-disordered breathing. We have enough data to know that if you don't treat the sleep-disordered breathing after a patient has either a TIA or a stroke, you're not going to effectively treat them. We need, obviously, to educate neurologists in that space, and we've got plans to do so. In the cardiovascular space, everybody is pretty much now familiar with the connection to atrial fibrillation. And of course congestive heart failure I mentioned, the 800th patient having been added to the survey chip program, and we had unbelievably good results with Adaptive-Servo Ventilation across the globe. That is the sales of the S9 Adaptive-Servo Ventilative products, really, really, really encouraging growth there. And we see that continuing. And obviously, there's also drug-resistant hypertension. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, you've heard me talk about Diabetes -- type 2 Diabetes before. We're working with the Joslin Institute at Harvard. We also have plans to not just work with them, but we've just recently had 2 key opinion leader dinners with international Endocrinologists. There are only about 5,000 in the U.S., so it's not hard to target. And we're kind of excited. The good news is that with our current chuckwagon, we've got all the products we need. Because basically, that's a play with HST and the S9 order set. I mean, that's really the best way to address the issue. And recent data are showing a huge number of patients in that space, 26 million full-blown diabetics in the country, of which 90% are type 2 diabetes. But more importantly or more disturbingly, another 79 million have metabolic syndrome. In other words, you can't tick the box if they're full-blown diabetic patients. But that's 105 million, so take out the 10% type 1s, that's in the 90 -- mid-90 millions of people, of which 80% have sleep-disordered breathing. So we see this as a wonderful opportunity to reduce the expense of the current healthcare system. Then we've got the perioperative care. There's a big meeting coming up in October 14 in Chicago, the Society of Anesthesiology and Sleep Medicine. We were important catalysts in getting that meeting set up. And finally, of course, there's Occupational Health and Safety with truck drivers, railway drivers, pilots and so on and so forth, air traffic controllers and what have you. And we're making really good headwind in those spaces. So it's a long winded,really long winded answer to your question, but in those 5 areas, we'll be making continued investments. And we've got a very strong balance sheet as you know, as Brett said, $635 million net cash. And we are going strategically use that to invest in small technology-based companies where we can direct them into areas that we think are important. And we can take an equity position in them not to make money on the equity. In fact, you could even look at it more as a marketing expense, but to direct them into areas that we think is important and hopefully allow us to kick the ball down the field a little more efficiently and effectively. So sorry for the long-winded answer, but it was an important question.
Peter Farrell: It's just, really, Matt, a continuation of what we talked about last quarter. In other words, we're seeing a significant growth flowing in the escape the lower-priced units. And the good news is, of course, the clubs are basically the same. But a switch to the order set is definitely occurring. We believe we'll get more data as we go forward, obviously. We've been seeing this is the third quarter that we've seen this. And back to that visit I made to Jonathan Schwartz out in Oklahoma City. Jonathan has a huge sleep program, and he's an exclusive S9 order set user. And he was telling me that it's made him a better physician, he's moved away from the fixed order set completely. And if he's representative, and we believe he is, of what's happening, there's going to be less sales, we believe, in the noncompliance CPAP. The figure he gave me was that, with the SA products -- and the good news is he's been an exclusive ResMed user, and he's a big user for quite a while. So we have really, really tight statistics in terms of compliance. By the way, he said he's compliant. And I'll give you more granularity here, but his compliance was 90% using the S9 order set. I mean, that's an astounding figure. We'd say anything above 75% is magic. So he's getting very, very good compliance. But what he said was that using the S9 order set where we tweaked the algorithm even beyond the S8 -- the S8 was a great product, but this is a magic product -- and he was telling us how good the algorithm was. And his usage of bilevel, that is the noncompliant CPAP, percentage has gone from 15% to 5%. And we are seeing this as well. We're seeing very good growth in the ST, STA and the Adaptive-Servo Ventilation space. In fact, the ASV is just mind bogglingly excellent. I don't want to share what those numbers are, but they brought tears to our eyes. And we're seeing a slowing down of the VPAP S and a slowing down of the low-level CPAP units, but they're all moving to higher-priced devices. And that trend, we see that continuing particularly with the growth of HST.
Peter Farrell: This is Peter, Matt, a word of caution there. I mean, we're not releasing the Stellar 150 until fourth quarter calendar year. And new product launches, as we said earlier, I mean, it's not like a binary thing 0 to 1. I mean, it takes a while for people to test them out and see how good they are. So there's no question that it's going to help, but the rate of which it's going to help, of course, is in the lap of the gods.
Peter Farrell: So, David, we normally figure a 5% decrement in ASPs. And it was of that order. In some cases, a little higher, but about where we expected it to be. So to Brett's point, yes, the volumes were higher than the revenues.
Peter Farrell: Yes. JC was, as you know, running sales and marketing in the Americas. And the result of discussions of the board was that he should be off at the ResMed Ventures and Initiatives. And this happened fairly quickly. I was on vacation last week and came in Monday morning, and I was planning to have a discussion with JC about the 3 areas I mentioned, the cardiac and cerebrovascular and cardiovascular and perioperative care/risk and the Type 2 diabetes. And he said, well, before we do that, I'd just like to mention that I've accepted another position. And as we talked it through -- look, one of the things that concerned us initially was when you looked at what Jim Hollingshead was doing in the strategy part of our business, and what JC was planning to do, you had about a 75% to 80% overlap, and it looked a little crazy on paper. I wasn't worried about it because the idea of ResMed Ventures and Initiatives is that, that's going to become a P&L responsibility, and that would leave the strategy group just focusing on the future. And the near-term future would be the P&Ls and all the Adaptive-Servo Ventilation business was going to go through there. Narval was going to report through JC. That's the mandibular repositioning device, and also BiancaMed was going to report in. However, it turned out that all the negotiations with BiancaMed were done by Jim Hollingshead, anyway. And Jim is right across the Narval business. And people, internally, were concerned about a little bit about of overlap, I mean, it was not just a little bit, it was 75% to 80%. And therefore, but I said don't worry because this is very quickly, and that's the goal I wanted JC to work on, is turning more of those areas into P&L activities. And JC said, "Look, I've come from a P&L environment with 400-or-so people. And here, I've got to build from ground 0." And he said, "As I thought about it, I just wasn't comfortable." So he actually approached CareFusion. So it wasn't like Kieran saying, "Gee, I'll take all the boys that I can." It wasn't that at all. JC approached him, and I think he's got an absolutely fabulous job. And it took like a nanosecond to say, "Wow, that's good for him." And Jim is all across the ResMed Ventures and Initiatives. So he's the perfect guy to run that group. And I think it's a good outcome all-around. And certainly, no hard feelings. I mean, JC is a great guy. He did a terrific job. He came in with a huge challenge 3.5 years ago. We had only increased year-over-year 5%, and then he brought it up to double-digits and did a great job. And we wished him well, and I think he's going to do a great job.
Peter Farrell: It's difficult looking into a crystal ball, you don't know what the heck is happening there. Just about everything you hear about the U.S. economy is highly negative. I mean, I think the debt ceiling bill was partially a joke. I mean, you increase the debt ceiling and you'll get a team together and take a look at what you're going to chop out. I mean, there needs to be complete structural change in the U.S., but obviously, we're not on a position to drive that, so we've just got to take what we get. The pundits are suggesting -- the lowest figure I've seen in terms of growth in the U.S. market for devices is 5%, Phillips is looking more like 8%. So you can say 5% to 8%. We would say that it's probably high-single digits, maybe a 7%, something like that 7% or 8%. So given our growth, we feel that we're taking market share. Just what the real number for growth is, we don't know. I think there's going to be a bit of a fill-up from HST. We're confident that's going to happen. Sleep labs are still growing, albeit slowly, maybe a 5% figure will be the lowest, probably closer to 7%, maybe as high as 8%. But that's our expectation, and that's what we're going with. If it's different, it'll be different. But that's what we think it's going to be.
Peter Farrell: That's a good question. And we tend to be a little conservative, I think. And flattish would be a good call, we think. If there's an uptick -- we certainly have stopped the leaky sieve. There's no question about that. It's some very, very encouraging numbers. It's a great product. It's being received according to what our expectations were, which is a good thing. So what we thought was going to happen, did happen. And we think it's going to continue. But we don't feel that there's going to be an acceleration. We think there will be an uptick, and it's just like watch this space -- we've stopped the hemorrhaging in the bilevels for sure. But the trends towards away from lower price CPAP to what I said we believe is going to continue, we think we're going to see a slowing of the noncompliant CPAP, that is the bilevel Ss, the VPAP S. And we see good growth still occurring with the ST, the STA and certainly Adaptive-Servo Ventilation.
Peter Farrell: We think that's about what it's growing at, I would say. We have now more granular understanding of that area, I would say 7 -- I'd be confident it's not going to go below that. And if you ask me what I think is going to happen as we go forward, I'd say it's probably going to go towards 10%. So we're comfortable with the things that are going okay in Europe and Asia Pacific.
Peter Farrell: Well, the way I would sort of answer that is we are seeing just wonderful acceptance for the Forex platform. We are the king of the castle in full-faced masks. And the Quattro FX, which Don Back [ph] and his team developed is just really a great product. It's a fabulous product. The Mirage FX, we were getting -- frankly, our tail was getting kicked in the nasal mask category. We were gradually losing market share there, and we were well below 50% of the market. This is such a great product. We like the COGS. We like the way it fits 90-plus percent first time fit. And we are -- the biggest job that we've made in the Masks has been with the nasal Mirage FX. And it's just very encouraging. We love the product, and in fact, Jonathan Schwartz, I may mention, that I spend the day with him and we talked to a dozen patients who were on treatment. The bulk of them were on the Mirage FX. And he said, "This is the best product you guys have ever put out." I think he's exaggerating. We think we have lots and lots of good products. But he was absolutely over the moon. He said, "It is at least 100% better than any other nasal mask that you guys have put out." Be that as it may, that's where our most significant growth has come from. And of course, we're the king of the castle also with nasal pillow. So you've got the full-face masks, and you've got the nasal pillows where we've traditionally been in the very high -- very, very high percentages. And we're in the very low percentage area, around 30% in the nasal category. And we've seen a big, big jump up there. And that, I think, is the major change.
Peter Farrell: It's a very, very -- oh, per annum? We're still seeing figures of north of 1 but below 2. And that's a great -- a big area where we see we can make some inroads. And the data, I think -- you want to say anything about that, Nick? No? So it's sub-2, it's above 1, total 1.5. And that's -- we know even the worst insurers will allow you to have 3 masks a year, CMS-4. And that's obviously an area -- replenishment is an area which has a lot of potential for growth. But just to give you an idea, we would sell 5x as many masks as we do devices. So it's very hard to work out just where they're going. It's replacement. It's being used on other guys' devices. It's our devices. I mean, since we're not selling, in most cases, direct to customers, it's almost impossible to work out when you've got a ratio of 5:1, just where the Masks are ending up.
Peter Farrell: There was nothing that spooked us there at all. I mean, constant currency was 8%. Asia Pac tends to be a little lumpy. Obviously, when you've got a distributor in Japan, it's obviously a big part of Asia Pac, and there was a bit of a hiccup, as you know, with the tsunami and so forth. Japan tends to be lumpy anyway, but when you have such a big customer like Teijin, obviously that's going to continue to be lumpy. Germany is our biggest market outside the U.S. Germany is going along pretty well. France is going along very well. And then you've got a smattering of Norway, Sweden, and so forth, the Middle East and the U.K. and so forth. There's been nothing there that spooked us in terms of growth rates in either Germany or France, our 2 biggest markets. And the lumpiness that we expect from Asia Pac still continues. But nothing...
Peter Farrell: Yes. I must say, I was even a little surprised at the 8%. I would have expected 10%. But in talking to Stein, I had to check to him this morning. Stein Jacobson who runs our European operations, and nothing that's spooking him.
Peter Farrell: David, let me make one other comment there, which David Pendarvis just reminded me of, and it is a big thing. We launched the S9 in France and Germany this time last year, and it went gangbuster. So we had just dreadful comparables, if you like, with a new product that everybody loved. Bingo. We had huge growth the previous year, so we had a huge mountain to climb. So that's the reason that it was softer than what one might expect.
Peter Farrell: It's factored in. We said that the BiancaMed -- look, Grundler is making money. In terms of revenues, we're talking about a few million. And we don't have FDA approval for Grundler products in the United States. So how long's that going to take? How long is a piece of string sort of thing? We will be seeking FDA approval, obviously. We need to do it. We will do it. But they are making money, so there's not going to be a hit from the Grundler acquisition. And as we said when we bought BiancaMed, it's roughly $0.04 for the year with BiancaMed. And I don't think it's going to be any different. Maybe, Brett, you might want to add some more to that but...
Peter Farrell: Yes. We don't have anything immediately on the plate that we're looking at to be candid, but that doesn't mean there won't be. $100 million acquisition could happen, could happen. But there is nothing -- there's nothing that we're -- we're very familiar with Grundler and we're very familiar with BiancaMed. There are no other similar type companies that we've been working with for a long time that we're about to make an offer on. On the other hand...
Peter Farrell: Yes. Yes, outside the -- Yes. But look, let me tell you that we are looking very carefully as to how we should deploy it. So I could say now, we're not sort of putting the ruler over a number of other companies, but we intend to, that's for sure. And Jim Hollingshead, who's currently in India, when he gets back we'll be taking a good hard look of the terrain and seeing what's there that might help us move the ball down the field.
Peter Farrell: Well, thank you all for joining. And let me just say that we continue to be excited by -- as we look out into the future. Innovative products rolling out over the year. We're especially excited about the FX Masks and the new S9 platform. The market for our sleep-disordered breathing is still highly under-penetrated. We have a robust balance sheet, which we just talked about. We're certainly generating cash in the vicinity of $0.25 billion a year. And finally, we have an absolutely first-rate team of people to assure continuing strong execution. And I want to thank all the staff, particularly those that are listening, for their commitment and loyalty. And we see great things happening in the sleep industry, and also within the company, and we look forward to keeping you posted on our progress. So, thanks again.
Brett Sandercock: Sure. Mike, this is Brett. Yes, I mean, what we want to call out is, we're coming up with some pretty strong headwinds on the currency, particularly the Australian dollar, obviously. So that's going to have quite a big impact. But as Peter said, there's a lot of other factors that play out on the margin, product mix, geographic mix, manufacturing improvements we have in supply chain and so on. So on a sequential basis, in the short term, I think we've definitely got some opportunities there where we'll do better than that. But on far more comprehensive work-through on some of the initiatives we have that, that will start to impact the margin, particularly in the second half. So I'm not saying that some of those won't manifest in the first half. I think some of them will. But certainly, we think that will be stronger in the second half. And it's a pretty significant headwind we're facing just in terms of the Aussie dollar. But as you know, there's a lot of uncertainty out there in the world at the moment, so -- that all the dollar could do anything at the moment. So we're just trying to give you a little more color around that, but rest assured that we're working pretty hard on initiatives to expand that margin.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. I think that's right. We've got -- I think if you look through the product mix and that has been stable for us for a little while now. We see that continuing. We saw some of those trends that Peter articulated, and just sort of moving up their complexity chain, I suppose, in the more sophisticated product. And with that, generally, a better margin as well. And I think there's no reason to believe that trend won't continue.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, that's right, Matt. We're working on that all the in terms of the cost initiative as well. We're not standing still, so we'll continue with those programs as well.
Brett Sandercock: Well, I mean, I don't want to get too granular on what we're looking there. I mean, if the volumes were positive. And the volumes, like it traditionally done, run a few points ahead of revenues, so that trend's still there as well.
Brett Sandercock: David, Brett. Europe still remains pretty solid particularly across our emerging markets. And really, if you look at that CC growth rate, Asia Pac, that region was actually a drag on that this quarter. So they experienced low growth there. That was predominantly with Japan, and you now have some of the issues that we've had with the earthquake and so on. And as Peter said, it is traditionally lumpy. So, yes, I don't think there's anything to read into this particular quarter on that. Europe remains pretty solid and Asia Pac, lumpy as ever. But Japan is probably working through some of their issues, as well, in terms of their own country issues around the earthquake and so on. So overall, we still remain pretty pleased with the rest of the world growth.
