Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Julie. Good afternoon and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us, and welcome to ResMed's third quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings call. As Julie said, this call is being webcast live and the replay along with a copy of the earnings press release and our investor presentation will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Joining me on the call today to discuss our quarterly results are Mick Farrell, our CEO; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. During today's call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures, please see the notes to the financial statements in today's earnings press release. As a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions; however, actual results may differ. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Brett. Thanks, Mick. We will now turn the call to the Q&A portion. I'd like to remind everyone to please limit yourself to one question and if you do have additional questions, you’re free to return to the call queue. Julie, we're now ready to start the Q&A section.
Amy Wakeham: Thank you again everyone for joining us today. If you do have additional questions, please feel free to reach out to ResMed's IR team directly. As previously mentioned, the webcast replay along with our earnings release and updated Investor Presentation are available now on our investor relations website at investor.resmed.com. Julie you can now close the call.
Michael Farrell: Yes, it's a good question in terms of -- allow me to talk about France and Japan, what we’ve done there. Look, clearly global revenue growth in masks was exceptional in the quarter, 13% constant currency globally. 13% in the U.S. Canada and Latin America and 12% across Europe, Asia and rest of world in constant currency terms. So we’ve had probably 4 to 5 plus quarters of upgrades in France and similarly in Japan. And as we said in the prepared remarks and we said last quarter and the last number of quarters, we are going to be facing a headwind of the device sales in both France and Japan, although we're now through to get a modest positive on the rest of world devices this quarter. But it allows us through that upgrade of digital health assets in both France and Japan to now start interacting with patients and driving patient behavior through apps like myAir and with physicians through solutions like AirView and the whole Air Solutions portfolio. And so we believe there's long-term sustainable mask growth that we can achieve in both France and Japan that should help continue to grow out share which is quite high already in those geographies. But look, we are not done with it. We -- obviously, in the last five years, brought digital health in the United States and now to France and Japan with 120 other countries worldwide that we now need to start that opportunity on, but yes, it's certainly great growth in masks in the quarter off the back of digital health, but also off the back of some great mask launches.
Michael Farrell: Yes. Sean, look we always think about that driving investment in digital health technology and it drives such good growth of the core sleep apnea and Respiratory Care devices. And as I’ve mentioned just now also growth of the core masks and accessories. We have a lot of internal models. I’m not prepared to share how those internal models of digital health technology are catalyzing growth of those areas that’s what I’m prepared to talk about is our public segmentation of the SaaS business which is powered by the same digital health technology capability. And that part of that portfolio grew a 101% including acquisitions. But as I said on the pro forma basis, it was growing at high single-digit range and we think over time we can optimize that digital health tech and that SaaS portfolio to grow in the low double-digit on a sustainable basis as we look at multiple years towards that 2025 strategy, we think that’s a big part of it. Thanks for your question, Sean.
Michael Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question, Gretel. Look, I -- we don’t -- we already breakout a lot of information when we say all the different categories we go down to, but I’m happy to talk -- put some color on to the Europe, Asia and rest of world countries. Look, as I mentioned in the prep remarks, it was a great expansion in France and Japan these last number of quarters. But that great expansion and extraordinarily high share that we’ve achieved there now means that you’re going to slow down in both [indiscernible] have already been upgraded on the device side. Look, yes, as we saw the total Europe, Asia, rest of world growth was in that sort of modest positive on the CC and slightly negative on the headline number the U.S dollars given currency movements. Look, we expect that part -- that aggregate portfolio to grow in that type of rate as we move forward. There will be some lumpiness up and down over time, but the device side of that portfolio is given -- a little up and down in Europe, Asia, and the rest of the world over the next number of quarters as I think we addressed last quarter and most of sell side analysts have put in there. But as we move forward and we start to lap those fleet upgrades, we will get back to what we are doing, which is core patient growth. That is very strong in both France and Japan and throughout the rest of the countries we have there. And that’s what’s the real determinant of long-term growth. How do we get 900 million people suffocating to realize they are suffocating and getting into the system talk to their doctor and get diagnosed and treated. And that flows need to be pretty steady in Europe, Asia and rest of the world. So, yes, there will be some lumpiness in device sales here as we left France and Japan, but we will get back to growth. But yes, -- so I’m not going to give detail on China, Germany and all the other countries until and when there's a digital health upside in one of those countries and then we will become material element and I look forward to doing that really.
Michael Farrell: Yes, I think -- look, there's runway still ahead, David, in the core Brightree business of home medical equipment. There's just so many efficiencies that we can have their, but yes as you know as I’ve said, the quarter mid to high single-digit growth. I don’t think we can get that path, even just a Brightree path to the high single digits and probably not brushing up and touching the low double-digit growth within that Brightree home medical equipment segment, because this is just so many efficiencies to gain. A little bit of market share again, we’ve good market share. But it's more about bringing in modules the capabilities that take [indiscernible] away from our home medical equipment companies and bring such values that we can then share in some of that value creation. But, yes, look, the $1.5 billion addressable market includes many other out of hospital verticals. We are already playing in around seven of them and at scale at least through, like we’re in home health and hospice at scale now. I’m really excited about the Brightree, HEALTHCAREfirst and MatrixCare assets all being combined. And John Vanguard and his team out there in Minneapolis, I think they’re going to do a great job in that vertical, home health and hospice. And additionally that same team working in skilled nursing facilities where we already have a strong position, but a lot of runway for growth. I think one of the things that ResMed brings that’s unique is we're a strategic player and we’re going to converting capabilities like cybersecurity, our management of AWS, Azure and all the cloud-based systems around managing that digital portfolio that we can bring superior value to it. But look, it's really a portfolio, Brightree will be a good part of that growth. MatrixCare will be a good part of that growth and we’re looking to continue to grow as we empower that team. Roger has been doing a great job.
Michael Farrell: Yes, it's interesting, David. And you’ve followed the same other companies that I did to try and track it. We got some really good market share data in some of that geographies and less good in others. Look, I look at out at this quarter we had constant currency growth of devices globally 6% and we had constant currency growth of masks of 13%. Traditionally, we say and I think it's still true that devices sort of growing in that mid-single digits and masks going at the high single-digits. So that would imply that we took some modest share in devices. Obviously, geographies outside France and Japan we already took the share there. And in masks, I think the N30i, the F30, we didn't even count any of the P30i, but that 13% growth is -- its clearly including some share growth as well. We love the game of innovating, small, quiet, more comfortable, more connected devices. It's a competitive game that, yes, we are winning more than we’re losing. Thanks for your questions, David.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Andrew thanks for the question. As I said in the prep remarks, the whole POC category, even if we had a 100% share, we would struggle to be material to our business. We are starting from a very early stage, Mobi, we’re just sort of flipping to a full product launch as we move forward. And as I said, we’re very closely partnering with our home medical equipment provider customers. And what we are looking to do is find patients that qualify, and if they qualify for the reimbursement versus Medicare or private insurance, we are working with our HME customers to provide that lead, if you like that person who is in need of a POC and to have them provide great care for that person. Two of our competitors have been -- one of them for many years and one for a period of time, experimenting with models that completed the genre on that reimbursed business and going direct to patient. We have stayed away certainly from competing with our customers in the reimburse business in the United States. It's not our game and we have been doing that plan to do that. In the case that a person who wants to buy a device by cash, we are at quality in different models, we've been, in the way the two competitors are. I think it would be foolish not to take care of the ultimate customer who is a patient, who needs when two other players in the market are doing that. But it's very early days in this. I’m going to say that the opportunities that is huge for us and we think of it as a longitudinal play across COPD. POC is an interesting part of a big journey of a COPD patient. We want to talk to the patient in stage 1, stage 2 through digital health and inhalers. That’s about 80% plus of the cost of the COPD patient is in the pharmaceutical side. So Propeller Health is the one that we should be talking about as a material element. I think with POC, noninvasive ventilation and life support ventilation, we are already in that. And it's exciting, but it's really that long-term play of the patient through digital applications [indiscernible] of hospital, to keep them happy, so that their physician's happy, that the health insurance company is happy, that the caregiver, everyone is happy and also that our customers are under and [indiscernible] equipment customers can be happy. As a reimbursed patient, we want to take care of it.
Michael Farrell: Yes, year-on-year was favorable around COPD POC license points. And in -- at a sequentially it was basically pretty negligible.
Michael Farrell: Yes, that’s a great question. We have Jim Hollingshead, the Head of our Global Sleep business on the line. Jim, you want to talk to as much cover you can gave on U.S growth organic etcetera.
Michael Farrell: Yes, sure. Thanks, Mick, and thanks for your question, Saul. I think the answer is both in. We are seeing very strong results of resupply and we’ve seen that over the last several quarters as more and more of our HME customers have adopted automated resupply solutions. So that continue to be very strong. return results for us and for customers with the new products have also -- all gotten off to a terrific start. F30 is out of the gate very strong, N30i has a terrific patient preference and is doing very, very well and early result from P30 are also extremely encouraging. So I think we are getting both organic growth and we are taking some share in this space, but we’re also enjoying very good results for the resupply.
Michael Farrell: Well, I will jump to the operating leverage, I will hand to Brett to talk about sort of organic versus acquisition driven growth. But look Joanne as we’ve been -- as you and other sell-side analysts have challenged us, that is, one is the ongoing leverage. And it's really our challenge to ourselves to ensure that we can achieve ongoing leverage and I think we’ve had a good performance in the last number of quarters to that end. The operating programs, the business excellence programs, we put in place the drive with [indiscernible] manufacturing team, the [indiscernible] advanced manufacturing teams that I'm here on site with this week are all doing excellent work in that. Our commercial teams and looking at how to use digital health technology for the social media marketing versus old-school paper and television, really pushing the envelope of how we drive business excellence across all that functions in all our business verticals. It's something that we think is sustainable for the medium to long-term. But it's a game that never stopped throughout the game of continuous improvement and Brett, do you want to have a little discussion as to what’s organic versus inorganic growth in the quarter.
Michael Farrell: The real question, John, is where that goes from down a penny to up a penny is the sales cycle of Propeller. So Propeller, as we said on the prepared remarks, are working with Orion in Finland, sort of niche pharmaceutical company. Its public that the Propeller are working with some very large pharmaceutical companies and some of them don't want us to talk about, some of them are in the archive. But if anyone of these pilots starts to commercialize, that stuff -- and they are comfortable for us talking about that publicly, how customer is, we will update you on that. And this will be very quickly from dilutive to accretive in a heartbeat, but that's obviously the play. It's a medium to long term play and we are not calling the date, the time or the hour or the quarter that, that happens. But that’s what the investments are around, so that’s where it like sort of as we start to get out there, those changes may happen. And so for the short term, [indiscernible] things down. For the long-term, incredibly excited for COPD patients to get better Digital Healthcare.
Michael Farrell: Yes, it's a good question. And the combination of those businesses, there is a number of factors. I mean, sort of basic one is that we can combine our digital health capabilities, our cyber security, cloud-based management and management team and sort of the economies of scale managing across those multiple portfolio. The big upside is that there are a number of customers, may be many thousands of customers out at hospital healthcare, that operate in multiple cities. They have a skilled nursing facility. They also have a hospice and maybe also a home health. And a lot of the players out there are small and or niche players in -- as in terms of our competitors in the SaaS space and they serve one or maybe two of those verticals. I think as ResMed now serves seven verticals, we are able to have frictionless or seamless moment of an aging person from care setting to care setting. That's good for them. It's good for the family. It's good for the health care system. It's good for the insurance company and its good for the customer. The person who is signing us on a per year to per month basis. And so that’s the real upside. The synergies is on the backside, on the backend of the infrastructure, but there is also incredible synergies for the customer in ResMed being an offering that goes across those. And so we are actually [indiscernible] Healthcare first, allow us to really put it all under one umbrella and bring that value to the customer.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Chris, as I said in the prep remarks, it's going to take a long time for POC to get material versus other -- $2 billion plus franchise, but it is exciting as kind of the [indiscernible] top line. Rob, do you want to give a little more data as to the addressable market and/or to that share.
Michael Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question, Chris. Yes, we don't go into that level of detail around new masks set up versus existing or new mask growth. But what I can tell you in terms of color is we are very excited about the initial performance of the N30i and the F30. They have shot out of the gates beautifully. The P30i wasn’t even in the quarter which is launched last month. I’m looking forward to opening the packet and using it myself. And I can't wait to see many, many, many others do the same. But yes, we won't that right out, but I can tell I this growth in the quarter of 13% constant currency in masks and accessories wasn't a one timer. I think we have the ability to continue to grow pretty strongly with this really strong portfolio we have.
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Julie. And before we close the call, I would like to thank our dedicated 7,000 strong ResMed team in a 120 countries for their continued dedication, focus and commitment to our growth strategy and our operating excellence and business excellence initiatives. You’re the core of what we do and your efforts have enabled us to deliver another quarter of strong revenue growth and solid operating leverage which allows us to reinvest back into the business to drive even further growth and progress our mission. We are focused as a team on our future platform of innovative products and software solutions to improve the outcomes and benefit all of our stakeholders. The ultimate customers, the patients, the physicians, the payers, the home care providers and governments. Thanks for all your time today. We look forward to talking to you again in 90 days at the end of our fiscal year. Back to Amy to close out.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, hi, Andrew. It's Brett. The -- it's probably -- there is meaningful impact probably from the some production efficiencies in Q1 efficiency [indiscernible] that we’re driving for maybe would like 30, to add. And then obviously product mix was favorable, and that was a meaningful impact on that as well.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, and actually on currency, it's actually pretty negligible on both actually. If I look at year-on-year, correct that. It's pretty eligible [indiscernible]. And really [indiscernible] because we still [indiscernible] to see the all these are real types of [indiscernible] I would call for the [indiscernible]. And lastly I said [indiscernible].
Brett Sandercock: Yes if you look at -- on a group basis, if you look at -- growth you exclude the acquisitions, we grew at around the 8% mark constant currency. I think a good way to look at it, Joanne, is that masks -- the devices and masks and accessories -- none of those acquisitions came with us. So if you think of device growth year-on-year constant currency at 6% and masks and accessories growth year-on-year 10%, that gives you an idea for absolute core sleep apnea and Respiratory Care businesses. Excluding all acquisition about -- that happened.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, Sure, John. Yes, so I can confirm that it was in the $0.02 to $0.03 range for this quarter. And I guess for the next little while next few quarters I think it will around that sort of level.
Brett Sandercock: I mean I don't want to make progress that sort of long-term predictions like that on Propeller but I think for the next few quarters it will be around that level.
