Brett Sandercock: Great. Thanks, Mick. Revenue for the December quarter was $394.3 million, an increase of 2% over the prior year quarter. While in constant currency terms, revenue increased by 1%. Income from operations for the quarter was $105 million, an increase of 14% over the prior year quarter, and net income for the quarter was $86.6 million, an increase of 11% over the prior year quarter. Diluted earnings per share were $0.60 for the quarter, an increase of 13% over the prior year quarter. Gross margin for the December quarter was 64.7%, an increase of 290 basis points compared to Q2 FY '13. On a year-on-year basis, our gross margin benefited from manufacturing improvements, favorable product mix and favorable currency movements, partially offset by ASP declines. Looking forward, we expect our gross margin to be in the range of 63% to 65%, assuming current exchange rates. Additionally, we continue to execute on initiatives targeted at improving our global manufacturing, supply chain and logistics cost structure. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $111.7 million, an increase of 4% over the prior year quarter. While in constant currency terms, SG&A expenses increased by 5%. SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue were 29.1% compared to the year ago figure of 28.6%. Looking forward and subject to currency movements, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be in the vicinity of 29% for fiscal year 2014. R&D expenses for the quarter were $29.5 million, a decrease of 3% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, R&D expenses increased by 5%. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue were 7.7% compared to the year ago figure of 8.1%. Looking forward, we expect R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue to be in the range of 8% for fiscal year 2014. This reflects an ongoing commitment to investing in our product pipeline, tempered somewhat by the depreciation of the Australian dollar as the majority of our research and development is undertaken in Australia. Amortization of acquired intangibles was $2.5 million for the quarter, while stock-based compensation expense for the quarter was $10.7 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.9%, compared to the prior year quarter effective tax rate of 20.8%. We currently estimate our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2014 will also be in the vicinity of 21%. Turning now to revenue in more detail. Overall, sales in the Americas were $206.6 million, a decrease of 2% over the prior year quarter. While sales outside the Americas totaled $177.7 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, sales outside the Americas increased by 5% over the prior year quarter. Breaking out revenue between product segments. In the Americas, flow generator sales were $88.7 million, a decrease of 5% over the prior year quarter, while masks and other sales were $117.9 million, consistent with the prior year quarter. For revenue outside the Americas, flow generator sales were $118.3 million, an increase of 9% over the prior year quarter, and in constant currency terms an increase of 6%. Masks and other sales were $59.4 million, an increase of 6% over the prior year quarter and in constant currency terms an increase of 4%. Globally in constant currency terms, flow generator sales increased by 1%, while masks and other also increased by 1%. Cash flow from operations was $84.2 million for the quarter, reflecting strong underlying earnings and working capital management. Capital expenditure for the quarter was $19.7 million, while depreciation and amortization for the December quarter totaled $18.6 million. Our share buyback continues to play a major role in our capital management program. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for consideration of $74 million. At the end of December, we had approximately 2.6 million shares remaining under our authorized buyback program. In addition to the share buyback, our Board of Directors today declared a quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share, consistent with our previously advised dividend policy. Our balance sheet remains very strong. Net cash balances at the end of the quarter were $537 million, and at December 31, total assets stood at $2.3 billion and net equity was $1.6 billion. I'll now hand the call back to the operator for your questions.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Predominantly. We have a -- there is a little bit of benefit from the euro but that’s predominantly the Aussie dollar weakening.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, Ian, there is rough estimates or a range where we think it will be. So I mean that can easily move around from that number so it's not kind of, probably not the precision that you are thinking about. We have got this pipeline through on product and so on so you can expect R&D will really, I think to some extent a factor of a pretty solid pipeline in R&D that we are undertaking. And also we are taking a foot off in terms of R&D and what we are doing there. And in SG&A we need to contain those. I think we have done a reasonable job and we will continue to make sure we are spending effectively and efficiently. But we will certainly be investing in some of these newer growth areas around respiratory care, around cardiology. Geoff mentioned earlier in terms of ramping up, for example, in the sales force in the U.S. when the time is appropriate to support sales there. So there is a number of those programs or projects that we definitely want to support. But notwithstanding that, clearly we want to continue to leverage on SG&A and make sure we are driving R&D expenditure efficiently. So we will continue to do that. So the short answer, yes, I think there is scope that I think that we can continue to be effective in those areas and drop that benefit to the bottom line.
Joanne Wuensch: I actually have two. The first one happens to be, how much of the foreign exchange uptick year-over-year is associated with foreign exchange.
Joanne Wuensch: Well, no. I mean your -- the gross margin was up well over 200 basis points year-over-year, almost 300 basis points. And I am just wondering how much of that is from foreign exchange.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. Just [indiscernible] a little bit on that. One of the things I am seeing from other companies that have products with competitive bidding is that the other companies around them are dropping prices that they need to respond to. I am going to assume that’s what's going on in your world also.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Joanne, I mean they are pretty much the same thing asking what we are doing in pricing, what the industry is doing with pricing. Given that we want to maintain our appropriate value premium over our competitors but ensure that we are competitively priced to make sure we get back to taking share. So specifically within the U.S. market, we are looking at our value premiums and ensuring, based upon the market dynamics that are going on throughout Q1 and as we saw in Q2, to make sure that we get back to taking share across the segments. So we are looking at pricing on a category by category basis and SKU by SKU basis and the segment by segment basis, based upon how the customers look at it. But to qualify that, whether by industry or by us, we would sort be parallel and it doesn’t make sense to break out either. It's just not in the interests of our shareholders to do so.
Michael Farrell: Look, Joanne, we are the value premium leader. We don’t generally in our industry move down ahead of the curve. So I think that’s a safe assumption to say and, yeah, it's safe to say that we are more responding on the downward approach and trying to find and elicit the appropriate premium to maintain across each of the SKUs. And we have got pretty good signs behind this and it's really just an adjustment of external dynamics with our internal dynamics to make sure that all makes sense. But the premise does sound like what we have been executing to.
Michael Farrell: Yes. I mean clearly in the U.S. market, we talk about 6% to 8% as the long-term growth of this industry. Clearly there is some impacts through competitive biddings. We talked about the patients who get moving from HME A to HME B, you know these last 90 days, that will have some impact on the growth. We don’t have it down to the decimal point, and to your point, it doesn’t make sense to go there. But the leading indicators that we see that -- and we have a lot of data on this and some of it's public. And we have shared that on our latest investor presentation that patient flow to primary care physicians are picking up. Patient flow for elective procedures which are analogous to referrals for sleep-disordered breathing, such as hip and knee replacements, are starting to move up. Referrals specifically in our industry to sleep-disordered breathing specialists are starting to move up on the diagnostic front. So all these leading indicators are macro and generally public, and allow us to talk about them. We have many other indicators that we have customer by customer as they buy assets of patients. So they are starting to monetize that asset. Getting the pipe work together. Working with patients to ensure that pipe works is of the standard of the acquiring HME versus the HME who sold the asset, and ensuring that they can get that replenishment revenue and get the patients back on the right care that’s needed to happening there. So they are the sort of what we would call, David, the green shoots of growth that we are seeing on these leading indicators to make us believe that the impact of competitive bidding is beginning to moderate in the market. We are not done but there are green shoots starting to appear which, as we look forward the next 12, 24, 36 months, we see a whole lot of opportunity. The change that we often get asked that is, will be it a one month or a three month, or a five month. We don’t know exactly. And so we say it's a number of months for those green shoots to start turning to moderation of the entire market and for us to, as an industry, get back on the growth track. And we think we are well positioned to do that, we are partnering with our HME customers to do that.
Michael Farrell: So David, we don’t give sneak peeks on any trade show. Not one for Medtrade or about trade shows in medicare in Europe or elsewhere. But I will recite what I said, that we have three amazing new masks coming this fiscal year. The first one is out there, the AirFit P10. The other two masks will go on other categories and they are very exciting. Can't give you any details, David. I can tell you that we have a respiratory care next generation platform that has had its first patient on therapy already in Europe, and we are excited about a full product launch of that product before the end of the fiscal year. That I can share with you. But no details on any of the trade shows throughout 2014, David.
Michael Farrell: Well, Ben, you used a number of different parameters there. What we saw and I think what we said, is that in the quarter there were some volume impacts from competitive bidding. I mean that’s clear. As a patient is moving from HME A to HME B and that asset is picked up, you know if they were on a replenishment cycle that was every three months and then they are changing from HME A to HME B over a three months or a six months process, that maybe one of those masks in terms of the pickup or one of those cushions in terms of the pickup is left out. So that temporary distraction is real for competitive bidding and will have an impact on market price within a particular period of time, for a particular DME. But to ramp that up over the 4000 to 6000 plus HMEs out there in the U.S. marketplace, it's really difficult to know exactly, you know precisely pick where that volume change is occurring. But the leading indicators of patient flow into the channel are there. The analogy that we used at JPMorgan last week is it's like you have got a garden hose, where the garden hose is the flow of patients is the water, and the garden hose has got a crimp in it, which is this competitive bidding. And it's a [indiscernible] bend in the curve of the pipe. And we starting to work with our HMEs to uncrimp or unkink that garden hose and the water is starting to flow. So the patients are starting to come through the channel and they will get to an HME. The new HMEs that are establishing in the areas where they have won have to establish referral pathways and pick up those patients. And even established HMEs have to ensure those referral pathways are solid. But as we look to the long-term, we see getting back to that 6% to 8% market growth rate as something we will absolutely do. This is not a structural change, it's a temporary change that will allow us to help the customers and get us back to growth.
Michael Farrell: Yes. To determine the exact trajectory of this combines a whole bunch of factors across 4000 to 6000 customers, and as they look at their patient referrals in and as they look at subcontracting, as they look at building facilities, and as they look at developing new organic referral pathway. So to pick down exactly where the nadir is and when the curve starts to move up, is very difficult. And that’s why we are here saying, look, it's going to be a number of months for us to get through this and we don’t know exactly how many. You know by customer of course you have all the dynamics going on, but if customer A buys customer B than one has a 100 percent growth, they are doubling, and the other is going to zero. Yet, the volume remains the same. So putting that across the whole weighted average of our customers is a difficult equation. And then you are predicting other market dynamics as to who is going to be better at developing referral models to cardiologists or to new pulmonary referral sources, or within the U.S. market as the development of the accountable care organizations or ACOs, where hospitals and primary care physicians are now working together with shared costs. You have other dynamics of cost and volume that go in on a market-by-market basis. So predicting exactly where the bottom is and how many months it is to see the trajectory moving up is very, very difficult, Matt.
Michael Farrell: Yes. You listed about 15 things which we are trying to predict all of them as we go forward. And to say precisely on all those 15, we don’t know. Here is the thing we can control. We can control our new product launch. And we just launched the AirFit P10, which in its first two weeks if flying off the shelf. We will be launching two other new masks between here and June 30 that similarly have huge opportunities for value generation. For patients, providers and for physicians. And we are also launching, I would call a leapfrog next-generation respiratory care system that I might ask Geoff Neilson to talk about some of its value as we have started to get our first patients on therapy in Europe for. So we know that we have the pipeline to start delivering and turning to strong growth here, and to get back to share gain in some of the categories like nasal masks and nasal pillows. And then also in the CPAP category with regard to appropriate pricing. So we have got the plan of action ready to go. And I will go back to what I said in the early notes when I said at the start of your question, Matt, which is, it's a number of months for us to get back to that growth trajectory but there a number of bits in play. Some are macroeconomic that we can't control. Some are directly within our control, like delivery of products. And we have done a pretty darn good job over the last two plus decades on that and we plan to execute on that over the coming 6-12 and beyond.
Michael Farrell: Yes. So, David, the line was cutting in and out a little bit, but you were asking about Europe, Asia and rest of the world growth and who to get that to the 6% to 8% range. Look there are many impacts that are -- I mean counties obviously when we say Europe, Asia and rest of the world. We are talking about the other 99 countries we are in other than the U.S. But within those markets there are many different market dynamics. We talked in some detail in the call earlier about Japan being soft in Q1 and also being soft in Q2. We think there is some tailwind for us potentially in Asia Pac as we look to Q3 and Q4. So that has an opportunity to get us back to stronger growth rates and we think that can help get the rest of world number to where it should be. Look, I got to tell you, I was incredibly impressed by our European team. We don’t breakdown the particular countries within the Europe or the particular countries within Asia Pac. But there was some really good performances, particularly in Northern Europe, within our teams of partnering with insurance systems. Understanding the total value of the healthcare system and how ResMed takes patients with providers. Takes patients out a hospital, puts them in the home, and treats them more cost effectively and saves money for the healthcare system. And when you have socialized medicine and governments involved in healthcare, as you do in northern Europe, they'd very heavily involved in analyzing all that. So we have a lot of partnerships in the U.K. and Northern Europe that are moving us down that road and we are very excited about it. So as we look to that long-term and talk about 6% to 8% market growth. And do I feel confident that our Europe, Asia, and rest of the world group can achieve in that range, I absolutely do. We have got the right strategy, we have got the right people, and they are starting to execute on it. There will always be some lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter but as you look forward over 4, 8, 12 quarters, we can absolutely see our growth being very solid within that range.
Michael Farrell: Look, this is all being driven by the payer and insurance companies, right. When they move the market from PSG to HST, they are driving it. And so when the payer establishes a home sleep testing protocol, it's going to require that the device that goes out is an APAP. Because otherwise you have to bring them back into the lab to get them titrated. So payers are generally driving the HST shift. They are also then driving the APAP shift. So that’s just a fact. It's going to happen. The bilevel opportunity is really about a broader opportunity which is about non-invasive ventilation. And the idea there is bringing something that’s been pretty well established in Western Europe, which is using non-invasive ventilation to treat patients with COPD, neuromuscular disease and obesity hypoventilation syndrome, to bring more of that and to grow that category within the Americas market. I am going to ask Geoff Neilson to talk a little bit about our global respiratory care business and how that might apply to allow us to get some of that positive mix shift in our ventilators.
Michael Farrell: Yes. So Andrew we don’t break out ventilation and we will, as Geoff talked to, it's a material opportunity for us, but not yet by country and by segment a material business that we will break out as yet. But we are very excited about that product launch. And you know over the coming quarter, two or three, we will start to go into more detail as to the product launch and how that moves over time. We are already quite well established respiratory care player in some countries in Europe. So the product will roll into an existing referral and sales channel that we have already developed. In other markets, as Geoff was talking about the U.S. market and some others globally, we are developing the referral channels and the pipeline as well as bringing the product to market. So it's an S curve that will go rapidly in some countries and slowly in other countries. But specially to your question, Andrew, we are not going to break out the details in Q2 but as we look to going forward we will give more details of the products as it's launched in each of the different geographies worldwide.
Michael Farrell: Yes. So Quattro Air was launched sort of mid-calendar year. So we are in month five or six of that. We are actually seeing in the full face category, we are doing pretty well and Quattro Air is a strong part of that. And we like what Quattro Air is doing and customers seem to like the fact that it's 3.3 ounces and incredibly light on the face for the category of patients, the segment of patients that it's able to treat, the Quattro Air is doing well. Having said that, the Mirage Quattro and the Quattro FX, the other two full face masks we have are also holding share quite well. So we are reasonably comfortable with those. The Swift FX Nano has had a good start up, particularly in Europe, Asia and rest of the world. I mean masks were up, 6% headline and 4% constant currency in rest of the world. So the Swift FX Nano has started to have a pull up. But it was launched in the September timeframe in the U.S. and a little later in Europe so we haven't seen as much material contribution from that in the nasal category. But we are looking forward to that over time. But we are also, Andrew, looking very much forward to the next two masks and what contribution they are going to bring as we look forward.
Michael Farrell: So as you know we don’t sell directly to patients so we don’t have any idea as to whether it's a new patient or an existing patient. In the U.S. market we sold to distributors who move that forward. As we look at the temporary distraction from competitive bidding impacting as well as the competitor actions of new product launches, particularly in nasal masks and nasal pillows categories. There is a whole combination of factors going on there. It's very difficult to discern that. And underlying fundamental is that it is difficult to switch existing patients out. So like a comfortable pair of jeans or a pair of shoes that you love wearing, you tend to stick to the same ones. It's difficult to get a patient, particularly something they were every night if they are comfortable and happy. Firstly, you probably don’t want to do it if you are physician or a patient. And then even the provider who might have some margin gain. The margin gain of that versus the margin loss of potentially losing the patient to another HME or not being able to switch the patient and spending the cost to do so, generally means that they are not switched as often. Having said that, we believe that the new products, the three new products that we are bringing out this fiscal year, the AirFit P10 and the two others, will allow us to get back to rapid gain of new patients and establish therefore installed base that should be a replenishment for years to come on that basis.
Michael Farrell: And the second one was with regard to DME customers and consolidation. And on that one, Saul, clearly we have -- 4000 to 6000 plus HMEs in the U.S. market. There are some changes as we talked about as we go through. I liked the analogy of the storm going through and it's led some order there. There is some cleanup there and there will be some consolidation and we have seen, and some of that has been public of some of these companies selling their assets from company A to company B. And the fundamental is that the patients are there, the volume is there and it will increase over the coming years. And so to what extent there is consolidation, we can't precisely tell but we are working with those who won bids within the competitive bidding environment and those who are bidding on the future. And as we look around the HME landscape, there are definitely signs of an HME that is planning for future growth. If an HME is investing in EasyCare Online, is driving usually to drive patient engagement and get patients adherent to care. And if an HME is using our electronic data in the change and programs to say, use our billing systems, such as say Brightree, where you can do a one stop shop and click to purchase ResMed products. Then they are thinking about efficiency, they are thinking about scale, they are thinking about cost and they are thinking about the long-term. And they are the type of HMEs that we are spending a lot of time working with to say what's an appropriate price premium for our products and what value will it drive for you in the market over the next 6, 12, 24 months. And we are working through all that. So we are very confident that we are working with those who are investing in the long term for this industry and those who are preparing for the long-term growth that we see of patients coming through the channel. Both in sleep and in home care, respiratory care and as longer-term, as we are already doing in Europe and Japan, in the cardiorespiratory space.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Ben, it's more often than not it's an S curve that goes up over time. There is not usually large lump at the start, it's more around spending time with the physicians, spending time with the providers, and spending time working with the channel to help get them familiar with the benefits of a new mask. For instance the AirFit P10, being 50% quieter and 50% lighter, you have to sit down there with the doctor and explain and show the benefits for it. And I think there is some early clinical data and a white paper showing, a patient gets 40 minutes more of sleep from that product, for instance. So you then need to talk to the physician and get them onboard with that. You have to talk to the provider to make sure it's on their schedule and negotiate pricing and so on. So it you like, it's an S curve with a bit of lag at the start, but then acceleration from there rather than the other way around.
Michael Farrell: Well, thank you. And as always, I would like to say thanks to all of you on this conference call for your interest and support of ResMed. Most importantly, I would like to thank the global ResMed team for our focus on improving the lives of patients, one breath at a time. We are about 7.5 million patients improved over the last 12 months. I couldn’t thank you enough. Thanks a lot. Bye bye.
James Hollingshead: Hi, Ben. I don’t think the market dynamic that we are seeing now is a permanent market dynamic. I mean that’s your question. I think what we are seeing, we have been talking internally about how to describe what we see going in the market, and the metaphor that we keep coming back to is, it's like a thunderstorm has passed through town. The storm is through but there is cleanup, right. And so -- and talking to our customers what we are seeing, we have talked about in this call before, is the things that our customers have to go through with doing subcontracting, and a lot of the larger customers are doing acquisitions, and as they do that they are buying a -- they are either buying a business whole or they are buying a list of patients. They then have to figure out how to get those patients in their replenishment systems and so on. There is a lot of logistics and administration that is working its way through the HME world right now. There is pricing pressure, there is clearly pricing pressure. And as Joann said earlier, you have seen that in all the competitive bid markets. But I don’t think there is any reason to believe that what's going on right now is just sort of a new normal that will last forever. I think the market is working its way through what we have previously described as distraction. And I think over the next several months, and it makes very difficult to know how long that timeframe is, but over the next several months we will see it stabilize. So, no, I don’t think this kind of challenge is a permanent challenge. I think we have to work our way through it as an industry and we are working with our customers to do that.
James Hollingshead: Yes, thank you, Mick. I just wanted to add one thing to that, Ben, which is, what we are seeing is actually what we have anticipated happening in the market. Which is as HMEs are working through the challenges that reimbursement cuts have posed for them, there is pricing pressure and that makes sense to us, but they are also looking for more efficiencies in their business. And so they are looking to a couple of things. Everybody wants to drive up their compliance rate and that actually works in our favor because our products have higher compliance, both on flow gen and on mask. The other thing they are looking to do is to get each patient compliant and then to get them into replenishment programs in the cost effective way. So that’s why you have been seeing us focus on some of the [indiscernible] You have seen us improve EasyCare Online platform. You have seen us with our [indiscernible] subsidiary driving some automation into the business process. And you will continue to see things like that from us over the coming months. We are working with our customers -- you know our products still get a premium. They get a premium because they are better products but we continue to enjoy good position with the customers because we are helping to drive efficiencies into their business. And so we are very bullish on where we are taking our offering in that direction.
James Hollingshead: Sure, I shall. So, yes, the CPAP dynamic that Mick was referring to in the opening comments was about the fix pressure devices. What we are seeing is continued growth in the AutoSet or APAP part of the market. There is a mix shift underway across the whole markets. AutoSet where we continue to do well. In CPAP what we are seeing is increased pricing pressure, especially at the low end. That is a decreasing part of the market. So the low-end CPAP is actually a smaller part of the market than mid-tier CPAP which is, it's about smaller than AutoSet. And that we are seeing more severe pricing pressure at the low-end. So we have lost some share and there is pressure down in that part of the market. And as we said in the opening comment, we are looking hard at how we want to be positioned in that space in terms of -- we have a great offering, we are looking hard how we want to be positioned as the category declines and we see pricing pressure there.
