Agnes Lee: Thank you, Adrienne. And thank you for attending ResMed's live webcast. Joining me on the call today are Mick Farrell, our CEO and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website at investor.resmed.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company, corporate strategy and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in filings made by ResMed with the SEC. I will now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
Agnes Lee: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to Q&A. And we ask that everyone limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question only. If you have additional questions after that, please get back into the queue. Adrienne, we're now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee: Yes. And thank you all for joining us again today. If there are any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available in the investor relations section of our website at resmed.com. Okay, Adrienne, you can close now.
Mick Farrell: That question allows us to talk a little bit about the mask side. And we're expecting to return to positive growth, not just in the Americas, but globally, to continue good trends we have outside the Americas. The mask category continues to be competitive Andrew, but stable. We'll be annualizing those price declines that we made a year ago, January through June of 2014, through January through June 2015. So we're over the halfway point, but there is still some sort of time to -- as we went customer by customer, region by region, for those to annualize. So as we look forward, we will get back to positive growth. And we have a strong mask portfolio and a good pipeline to follow beyond that.
Mick Farrell: Andrew, there is some halo effect, certainly when you walk in with the value proposition of the AirSense 10 and the Air Solutions. And as you saw, stellar growth of 42% year-on-year in the Americas there. You've obviously got a sales force with a lot of interest from their customers. And it allows conversations to start, obviously, about other parts of the business, like ventilation, like respiratory care and like masks. So I do think there are some halo effects that come from that. But I think some of the more important factors are the fact that we're annualizing the January to June price adjustments. The market is competitive and our team is getting back on the front foot in that category while winning very strongly in some other categories.
Mick Farrell: Steve, that's great question. I'll hand to Rob Douglas, our President and Chief Operating Officer, to talk through those.
Mick Farrell: But we don't go into details on a customer basis. It just doesn't make sense to go into that level of detail for competitive reasons on a public conference call like this. Thanks for the question, but we really can't answer that.
Mick Farrell: SERVE-HF is a multiyear journey for us going back a number of years. And we expect that sort of first publication of the trial results before the end of the calendar year. You know, that's almost the starting gun that would go off on a long journey, Mike. And there are multiple outcomes in a trial like this. There is the outcome that could improve cardiovascular outcomes. There's an outcome that could improve bigger things, like morbidity or mortality in intention and trade versus per protocol analyses. And so many analyses that the primary investigators will have to do from when they crack the code all the way through to when they present the results and then later publish them in a peer reviewed published journal. So there's a long lead time. To your point, it will benefit the business. Mike, I find the easier brand to remember is PaceWave. So the PaceWave product will be picking up from that. And studies both used PaceWave SERVE-HF and the CAT-HF. So we're excited to have that sort of proprietary technology included in the trial. But it's a long journey from there. And so you won't see an immediate inflection point the day of presentation at whichever cardiology conference it may be. What you'll see is the starting gun go off on a marathon opportunity for us which goes over multiple quarters and multiple years. And really, a lot of it comes down to changing standard-of-care country by country, hospital by hospital, payer by payer and, frankly, cardiology and pulmonary group by cardiology and pulmonary group and getting them to partner across hospitals and we see it as a great long term opportunity for us.
Mick Farrell: Well, in the U.S., our indication for use to treat central sleep apnea, periodic breathing and Cheyne-Stokes respiration. So we'll be focusing on that in the U.S. In other markets in different parts of the world, there will be different approaches of working with cardiology groups. But in the U.S., it will be focused on what we do in treating these very severe types of sleep disorder breathing amongst chronic disease patients.
Mick Farrell: David, look, it's really hard being the only public company that sort of talks on a 90-day cycle here about growth rates to get details of the market growth rates. We talk about it in the mid-single digits in the U.S. and Western Europe. I think there certainly are regions and countries where you're getting double-digit growth, mostly in the emerging markets. We talked earlier about China, India, Brazil and Eastern Europe, where we're really partnering with our channel and focusing on growth in those areas. And then you get some opportunities, like we have with Air Solutions and what it has driven in great value to customers. And you get some share gains as part of that as well. Has market growth tipped up a little because we're moving to connected care models and we're partnering with integrated delivery networks and accountable care organizations? I would say it's a little early for that traction to have started to really move the market in growth. I think that's more of a longer-term story, as you look out sort of one year, three years, five years, where you'll start to see us be able to influence market growth by the great solutions we're providing to take patients out of hospitals, put them in homes and save money for broken healthcare systems. So I think we're still sort of looking in that mid-single-digit range. But again, it's blurry and there's a lot of multiple data sources to get to that.
Mick Farrell: Sure, William. Masks are multiple categories. You have the full-face masks, you have nasal pillows and then you have nasal masks. And in each of those subcategories, there are multiple players in multiple countries competing with their own innovation. What I can tell you is that it is a competitive game. And we're innovating incredibly well and some of our competitors are doing a reasonable job, too. And what that allows is good competition in a market, healthy competition in a market and the opportunity for us and our competitors to present those opportunities to patients, to HME providers and to clinicians and get them excited about what we have. So as you go through each of the categories and you go through each of the countries, you win in some categories and in some countries and then you don't win for a while in some categories and countries. But over the long term, what we've showed at ResMed that of the 7% of our revenues that we invest in research and development, we put a good chunk of that into world-leading mask and patient interface, more generally and accessory research. And we have, I would say, across countries and across the categories some world-leading innovation that's doing very well and more in the pipeline. As I said, we're going to get back to positive growth in our major geographies and around the world on that. And we're confident about that.
Mick Farrell: I'll take the second part first. And the answer to that is no. We're not going to go into details on the pipeline. And I'll hand the first part of the question to Jim to talk about relative share that you might've seen, particularly in the U.S. geography.
Mick Farrell: Well you know, you got the difference between unit share and then you've got revenue share. And you've got pricing and many factors into that, William. So one of the things that we've said on these calls is we're not going to go into details of year-on-year price deltas. And so if we start to talk about volumes and exactly where that's at, then everyone can reverse engineer the pricing, including competitors or others who may be reading the transcript or listening to this call. William, I appreciate where you're going in the drill down, but I think we're going to have to go to the next question.
Mick Farrell: No, David, we're off backorder in the U.S.. Flow generators and that's a really good thing. The downside of that, as Brett said is that we're doing a lot more air freight than we would like at this time. And so as we start to -- and Brett and Don and the team in Sydney are really getting the factory there, both there and in Singapore, moving. So we will expect to start to move from air freight to sea freight. And as Brett said earlier, to start those cost-out programs over the coming quarters to get us back on track there. But no, we were not on backorder this quarter which is a good thing.
Mick Farrell: Yes, I think what you saw last quarter was a good ramp up of the AirSense 10. And what you saw this quarter was a good ramp up of the AirCurve 10 combined with ongoing ramp up of the AirSense 10. You have the addition of Astral, mainly in Europe, but starting to happen in the U.S. geography, Anthony.
Mick Farrell: Yes, good question about SERVE-HF. And as we start to complete that study, what you should realize is usually when these studies go out, there are a number of follow-on publications that look to analyze the data that we've collected over these 5 years to 7 years from different angles to produce different things. And so I would expect ongoing analysis and research, certainly on the buyer statistician side and analysis of the data from investigators and workers on the study. Yes, but certainly the day-to-day recruitment of patients does slow down as you move off those studies. But one thing about ResMed, Anthony, is that we take a long term view and we invest for the long term. And so the growing needs and opportunities for us in healthcare informatics, for instance, are an area that we're investing in and we'll continue to ramp up our investment. The growing opportunities to develop channels and research around COPD and the mortality rate that you saw in the current line study that we talked about two quarters ago, where you have a 76% relative reduction in mortality for COPD patients treated with noninvasive ventilation. I mean, there are so many opportunities for research in the COPD side that I wouldn't -- if I was running your model for FY '16, I wouldn't be pulling out R&D dollars for ResMed. I would say ResMed is going to reinvest and keep that sort of 5 year, 10 year, 15 year view that clinical research drives market development, drives market growth and drives value for patients. And that's something that we focus on for the long term.
Mick Farrell: Yes, I mean, to the comments I made earlier, clearly, a number of 42% in the U.S. geography, given the large base we have there, is exceptional. And it's exceptionally good, but it is exceptional and it did include a big chunk of share gain that we would know. To delve out exactly what was market growth versus share gain growth, I'll leave the mathematics of that up to you and the other experts on the call. But as I look to the sustainability of the long term underlying growth there, I think it is there in that good solid mid-single-digit market growth that we talked about. The difference between AirSense 10 which is in its third quarter, I guess, of real moving up that S-curve of launch and AirCurve 10 which is just finishing its first full quarter and then you add in Astral which is got, for the U.S. market, a much longer penetration curve to go, you can sort of get into some pretty complex calculations as to exactly what shares they'll be. What we're focused on is really the long term, Craig. We're absolutely taking share in sleep disorder breathing, but more importantly than that, we're switching the industry to focus on healthcare informatics as a value play. That taking data to the cloud is not enough. You have to then take that data and provide solutions for your customers, to take cost out of the channel, to get efficiencies. And for patients, physicians and providers to all get real-time data so that they can make their businesses better, make the patients better and improve outcomes and so it's sort of a long term gain versus, for us, let's analyze the 90 days and look at it. And I think what the milestone of that 42% says the long term game is the right game and it's got some capability. And we should double down our investment in that space.
Mick Farrell: So I'll hand that question to Dave Pendarvis to talk about bundling associated with CB for future rounds.
Mick Farrell: Great. Well, thanks, Adrienne. In closing, I would like to thank the more than 4000 strong ResMed team from around the world for their continued commitment to changing millions of lives, literally with every breath. We certainly remain inspired by our long term aspiration of changing 20 million lives by 2020. Thanks for your time today. We hope to see many of you at our ResMed Investor Day which we're holding this June 2015 in San Francisco. More details from Agnes on that later.
Jim Hollingshead: Sure, Mick. Thanks. And thanks for the question, Margaret. We think that the flow gen growth represents not just the fact that the AirSense 10 platform and the AirCurve 10 platform are really strong products in their own right as flow gens and bilevels, but also the recognition on the part of our customers of the value of the all-in solution that we're offering. So both of those platforms have onboard communications, but it goes beyond just having an onboard modem. It allows our customers to drive efficiencies into their businesses through the use of our solution software platform. So the number of features related to our software that are driving efficiencies in our customers' business and we think we have a very clear advantage with the overall offer in the market right now that customers are taking advantage of.
Jim Hollingshead: Sean, we haven't made any dramatic changes to our pricing strategy. The biggest thing we're seeing in pricing in the U.S., as we've discussed on the call, is the grandfathering in of some changes we made to our pricing approach last year at this time. So we're still working through some of the pricing changes we made during Q3 and Q4 of last year and that's grandfathering through. But other than that, we haven't made any dramatic changes to pricing.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes, I mean, it's a typical member to get to, market share, because there's not terrific data. But based upon what we see in the market, we think the shares are relatively stable and probably we took a little bit of share on the margin in the quarter, but it's very, very difficult to estimate. So if you went with stable shares, you probably wouldn't be far off.
Jim Hollingshead: It's not something we have perfect visibility into, but I didn't see anything unusual in the quarter in terms of stocking orders. The year got off to a really good start since its launch and so it's on a really good growth and adoption ramp. And we think we're taking share in that category as well as in APAP and CPAP. But we didn't see anything unusual.
Brett Sandercock: On the gross margin, it's all the margin drivers, essentially, but I think it's happened for long time is really mostly sort of headwinds for us this time around. So we had, obviously, year-on-year your currency impact was negative for us. That's really being driven by the euro which has declined quite significantly, as I think everybody knows. We do get some offset for the Aussie dollar weakening, but to some extent, that's to the lag the quarter before it turns up in margin. So I do expect -- well, all things being equal on currency which is probably a big assumption, but I do expect with that Aussie weakness, some of that benefit will flow through into Q4 for us. We haven't seen that in Q3, but we do cop up front, if you like, that euro falls straightaway. So I think that's something that will help us going into Q4. But then you have other -- the product mix and geographic mix and really that's kind of driven by flow gen outperformance in the U.S.. So you've got that geographic impact and that product mix impact. And they've been negative for us as well. And really, even on the sort of optimization of production and manufacturing, something that we have a really good track record on, really haven't been able to focus on that just at the moment. We've really been looking to make sure that we meet demand in the marketplace. And obviously take for granted that we absolutely don't compromise on quality either, but what we have had to do is probably just delay a little bit on the cost-out programs. We're obviously getting on to those now and I think we'll see some benefit there. There are other things, like we've been running with much higher air freight than we typically would. Again, that's really a consequence of meeting demand, particularly on that flow gen growth number that you saw. So there is just a number of factors. A lot of those are kind of first-class problems to have. And the ones in the cost side though, they are under our control and we'll absolutely get on top of those.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. If you looked at -- yes, I mean, the year-on-year -- without -- I don't get too granular, but it's quite meaningful, as it's north of 50 basis points negative.
Brett Sandercock: I guess just looking at what we're seeing in terms of product and geographic trends, okay which it probably tend to be negative on that. But offsetting that, I think we'll see some benefit from the weaker Aussie and we will start to see some of our cost-out program gain some traction. So when you look at it, we have some -- going forward, looks like we have some negative drivers, if you like and then there is some positive ones. And there is a question of what the timing is like and how they balance up. And when I looked at it, I think in that kind of short term, where we broadly consistent with where we're in Q3, when we look forward and we look at some of the things that are coming through, if you think of the AirCurve on the bilevels, if you think of Astral and as we build that market in the U.S., clearly, those sort of products will be supportive of the margin. I think we'll get some momentum on our cost-out programs; that will be supportive of the margin. So you can see some of these shorter-term headwinds, I think, will certainly abate. And then some of them, I think, will turn positive for us. Yes, if you look forward, I think optimistic on the margin, but at the moment, we're dealing with quite a few headwinds. But notwithstanding those, I think the margin is in pretty good shape.
Brett Sandercock: Sure, Chris. We'll take a broader view on that. Astral has had a good two or three quarters of runway in our European markets. And in those markets, Chris, we have more than a decade of established partnerships on the pulmonary critical care discharge from the hospital to home care environment. So Astral is seeing very good success and as Rob just sort of went into detail a little bit around France, Germany, UK and beyond in Western Europe. In the U.S. market, we launched it later. We launched it sort of in the August-September time frame. And in the U.S. market particularly, we're still developing the respiratory care channel and our strength and capability to sell into that. Having said that, we have many thousands of customers in the U.S. and all of them are now aware that ResMed has a life support ventilator, that it's called Astral and that it has some great benefits, such as giving freedom back to patients or the battery that can extend up to 24 hours away from home. So giving freedom back to their patients. So we think there are some great sort of unique selling propositions around it which will give us over the coming fiscal quarters and fiscal years, frankly, an opportunity to grow that business in that geography. So we're excited about Astral as a long term sustainable opportunity for us to drive high-margin flow generator growth.
Brett Sandercock: Mike, we don't get quite as granular as that, but on those ones that I've mentioned, they all had -- if you looked at it year-on-year, they all had meaningful impact on the gross margin. Clearly, a mention on the FX impact which was quite large and then product and geographic mix had a quite large impact as well. And then [indiscernible] declines year-on-year also that we've been discussing. All of them were kind of meaningful contributors to that gross margin decline.
Brett Sandercock: They are all meaningful and not -- there wasn't any particular one that overwhelmed the rest, let me put it that way, that were kind of all there in the mix which is really unusual for us to have almost all of them as a headwind. So it's not like any of them were completely driving it, but when you take them as a sum total, then that adds up to quite a large contraction that we saw.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, the majority of that is some FX hedge gains and that was largely around our other euro hedging structures, yes.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, I'll take the first one on receivables on the sort of -- our days sales and trading terms, they were pretty consistent with where they've been kind of this time last year and over the last few quarters. So I think that's been pretty stable. On the operating cash flow front, yes, it's down on PCP. But around the euro and the decline and so on, that would certainly hurt us a little bit on the cash flow front. But you've got to be a bit cautious, because they are 90 day snapshots on the cash flow. I think I prefer to look at it more of a longer-term trend on the cash flow. So PCP was down a little bit. I think overall, the cash flow remains quite strong, although yes, probably hurt a little bit on the FX front.
