Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Celin. Hello, everyone and welcome to ResMed's third quarter fiscal year 2021 earnings call. We appreciate you joining us. This call is being webcast live and the replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today along with the copy of the earnings release and presentation, both of which are available now. With me on the call today are CEO, Mick Farrell; and CFO, Brett Sandercock. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion following our prepared remarks. During today's call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, please review the notes in today's earnings press release or in the appendix of the earnings presentation. As a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions; however, our actual results may differ. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great, thanks, Brett. Saline, I'd like to now turn the call over to you to provide instructions and then run the Q&A portion of the call. Saline, are you there, ready to run the QA portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Mick. And thank you all again for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and your time. If you have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out directly. This does conclude our call. Salini, you may now close out the call.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Gretel. Good question. And if you look at just U.S., Canada, Latin America, so the Americas numbers, devices were down 2% year-on-year. And if you think about what we're talking about the COVID recovery rates being somewhere between 70% of pre COVID patient flow to 90% of recovered patient flow depending on the country. If you just do that raw math there, that comes out to 98% of pre-COVID, basically, which is not quite there, because there are some replacement devices included there. But certainly, we actually saw very steady market share, some gains in some of the mask areas, but very steady market share in the device side. Some of our competitors are having some difficulties around supply, as well as our global supply chains and other factors going on. We may have even taken some share in the device side. So, what we're seeing just in those U.S. numbers, when you think about sequential from the December to March quarter is really all about, as I said in the prepared remarks around deductibles, resetting those deductibles and impact devices significantly more than masks and accessories. If you look at the masks and accessories, just in that quarter, we saw 7% constant currency growth in masks and accessories in the March quarter year-on-year. But always there's a sequential impact from December to March. And so that's the net. But no actually share very steady, maybe moving up a little on the mask side, very steady on the devices with some modest gains. But the year-on-year 2% decline in devices is truly around the COVID recovery rates. And as we know, the rollout in the U.S. has actually been pretty strong in terms of the vaccinations. I don't think we're quite at the 98%, which would mean, that 2% decline could indicate. But I do think that we are moving well towards the 90% range in some states, and the sort of 80% range and some other states of pre COVID patients flow. But every period we look at, we see improvement in both of those. Thanks for the question Gretel.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks Margaret. That is a very good question and a thorough one. Look, clearly, we're very confident that the medium to long term of the core business is incredible, given the flow of patients and the flow of our new technology. There are short term dynamics around second and third waves, and then the vaccinations on the positive side and the opening up of the economies on the positive side. As we put it all together, we are very confident that as we get the AirSense 11 from control product launch, to then start to roll that out over this calendar year in the U.S. market, that will be a catalyst for growth. It brings not only the hardware, but also amazing software solutions for patients, physicians, providers, and others. And as we think about the scaling of just the remote patient, digital health models from some of our partners, and identification, engagement and enrollment, all the way through to home sleep, testing and home sleep set up and rolling out of those devices, we're seeing a lot of investments start to pay off on that. So look, it's really hard to get down to the dynamics of how quickly vaccines will go. How quickly economies will open up. But here in the U.S., which is our biggest market, we're certainly seeing both of those trend in a really positive manner. And that led me to talk about pretty bullish sort of double digit growth towards the back end of our fiscal year 2022. And so, I think they're all the dynamics going into it. I don't know Jim Hollings, if you've got any further thoughts as the President of our Sleep and Respiratory Care Business about how quickly we can use that technology to drive growth towards that back end.
Mick Farrell: Matt, it’s a great question, and it talks to within our software as a service business, obviously, we have privacy, we have cyber security, but then we have interoperability. And interoperability making sure our data can through secure Private API's be able to interact with hospital care systems, is an incredibly important part of the system. We call an out-of-hospital healthcare, because we don't believe you have to go to hospital to get good health care, but the hospital systems call it post acute care. And that link between post acute care and out-of-hospital care has to be very secure and has to be very seamless, if you like for the patient and for the healthcare system. We're now many quarters into our Cerner partnership and what we've shown in that to our partner there, Cerner is that ResMed is a great recipient of patient from the hospital system into both home health and hospice and beyond now into infusion with that partnership. And I think we've got a sort of a track record, that ResMed can take care of those patients and make sure that there's a seamless transition from hospital to the out-of-hospital healthcare network. And so, with that proven track record, I look to their customers, those sort of Cerner, Epic and Allscripts, their customers being HCA and others, as HCA sort of broadens their holistic care if you like, our patients from hospital to the home, that's an opportunity for those providers to partner with someone like ResMed. So there's the seamless transfer of the patients. Look, the ultimate goal is that we take costs out of the system. We take care of the patient better. And we have seamless transfer from hospital to home or out-of-hospital care. And then hopefully not but if you do go back to the hospital, that record can move back and forwards very well. We've got a good track record of it. And I actually see a lot of upside, as hospital systems think holistically in that sort of ACO sort of Accountable Care Organization approach. And we've got a lot of experience in Western Europe, in patients taking care of holistically throughout Northern Europe and beyond. So I'm confident that we will do well in this evolution of sort of an acute care system or sick care system to a true healthcare system and a preventative health care system, which is where ResMed best 90 plus percent of our revenues and profits, and really with the SAAS business, it's where we are the only strategic with the capability to scale not just across the U.S., but globally.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Thanks, Mike. Great question with three great parts to it. So the first part, the AirSense 11 is out there. It's in control product launch. As I said, in the prepared remarks, I'm personally part of that CPL. And just amazing benefits for the individual patient and the bed partner in terms of how quiet comfortable cloud connected and capabilities. So the features are extraordinary. One thing, we've opened up to the most we ever have around the pipeline that is out there, because there's a public regulatory documents out there, and it's in CPL. I don't want to go through all the features and functions other than to say that, but it's smaller, it's quieter, it's more comfortable, it's more cloud connected. And it's not just the device, it's the software system that goes with it that provides a value for not just the patient, but the physician, the provider, and the healthcare system that are part of it. So, to the second part in question around growth, yes, look, I do think this will be a catalyst for growth. That’s why I'm comfortable in the prepbox [ph]. And you answered to Gretel earlier to talk about our comfort in saying, we're going to push towards double digit growth for the back end of this fiscal year that we're in here. And I think this device will be a catalyst for it. I think the software, the digital health technology software around it will be a large part of that catalyst for growth. Obviously, we're a different business than, when I was running the Sleaford, we launched the S9. It was, I think the total revenues of the company were less than a billion dollars. And now the total revenues are over $3 billion, trailing 12 months. And so, the percentage growth, the numbers won't be as impressive as 10 years ago, but the growth in terms of net revenue and profitability, we can reinvest in the business for more devices and less software will certainly be there. The third party question around cost. Clearly our goal, every generation is to create smaller, quieter, more comfortable, more clever devices and software systems, but also ones that have better efficiency. So we lower cost of manufacturing low cost to our supply chain. So clearly, that's an important part of this platform. We expect to do that, as he said, as we scale that up across our global business.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Andrew, thanks. It's a great question. And there are so many dynamics of hospital care and in the flow out through post acute care to our SAAS system. I think, as we look forward, we saw 5% growth in the quarter across our SAAS business. We think the weighted average market growth across those seven or now eight verticals that we're in with Citus joining the portfolio, and specialty pharmacy and home infusion. We think that sort of mid single digit growth can move towards high single digit growth as we see patients get back to the hospital and therefore get back to the discharged to skilled nursing facilities, home health, hospice, and beyond. And so, it's difficult to say the exact rate of increase, but it's going to increase. And I think our technology and what we've invested in, particularly, even during COVID, some of the software that we put for our skilled nursing facility customers to manage patients who may or may not be infected by COVID, and how they operate their businesses have been very well received. So even as case rates declined, but COVID is still here, and it is still across, even with vaccinations going up, still going to impact those customers. I think some of those tools will help us see a faster path to getting from that mid single digit growth to high single digit growth across the group. And as I said in the prep remarks, and this is true for ResMed always. We don't just want to meet market growth, we want to beat that market growth. So, as I look towards our long term strategy and 2025, we've got the opportunity for to get way back to double digit growth in our SAAS business. But in the short to medium term, I think we can move from mid single digits to high single digits in this part of our portfolio. We've made the investments in the technology. We've made the investments for the customers to help them deal with the dynamics of code. And as recovery happens, we will be a partner for them for growth on the other side.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Suraj. I'll hand the first question to Dave on AHRQ. And then I'll take the second one on SAAS.
Mick Farrell: So Suraj, the only thing I'd add to Dave's response, which is very thorough, is that actually there are RCTs randomized control trials but also are excellent that weren't included. So if you're just looking at RCTs, even, you need to include some of those RCTs, which were in fact very positive. And the AHRQ just looked at some neutral RCTs and said, well, neutral that means no benefit. There's all these other proponents of evidence real world and RCTs that are positive. So, it was an interesting some section of the literature that they used. And we have lots of folks ask at academics working on that. On a second party question, SAAS, if you look at, it actually was a strong tailwind for us in this quarter, 5% growth versus the COVID included core part of the business. And I think it can be. As we look forward, and I spoke to this earlier in my answer to Andrew, about SAAS, going from mid single digits to high single digits, I think it can -- and then after meeting or beating that, so getting to double digit growth, in the SAAS part of our business, I do think that will become a tailwind for us that 12% of our revenue. So for the SAAS, as we get out of, the COVID, sort of slowdown of census rates in this out-of-hospital care, we get back to a normal flow of patients through. Because people are wanting to age in place, people are wanting to be outside the hospital. COVID just increase. The probability that people do not want to be in a hospital for any longer than they need to. And so I think the geographic and socio economic trends of a growing community and people wanting to age in place in an aging population, and the fact that people are seeing lower cost, lower acuity and better healthcare delivered outside the hospital all lead towards this. The dynamics of how quickly we go from mid single digit growth to high single digit growth, we can divide. But the fact is, it's going to go there, because people are moving from the hospital to out-of-hospital healthcare. And that's where we're investing. So, as I look forward to our long term strategy 2025, I am very confident that this will be a very strong tailwind to our business. The recovery of our whole business post COVID is what we're talking about here. But I look on the end of the FY 2022, strong double digit growth across our business. And I mean that across our whole business. Thanks for the questions, Suraj.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the questions. Anthony. To your first part of question around SAAS. Yes, I mean, clearly there's consolidation of some plays in the HME industry, and that can impact our contracts with those. In general SAAS is per user per month, like per activating user per month approach. And so, acquisitions are -- HME acquiring another HME that doesn't currently use Brightree. Is actually upside for us, because usually, the acquiring entity has all the efficiencies and scale and capabilities, because they using Brightree, and then they put that into the acquired account. And so therefore, actually increased the number of users and the per user per month revenue for ResMed can be upside on that. If it's a Brightree user acquiring another Brightree user, well, then there can be some reduction, they might get some efficiencies and reductions of the number of chairs. But ultimately, if it's a smart customer it’s going to continue to grow. And so then that over time, as they grow will increase our revenues as part of that. So a lot of dynamics around the M&A there. But in general, in the long run for us, it's about us betting on the winning and efficient ATMs and Brightree helps us do that. Because the people who adopt Brightree other winners, they have the lowest costs and the best outcomes for their patients. So the second part of your question around sleep labs, I look over capacity here in the U.S., and the reduction that happens during COVID or in lab tests, those people scale their digital health solutions in their home sleep testing capability. So as they come back and open up the in-lab facilities, I think that will absolutely have a rebound of the capacity in the in-labs, but they won't lose what they gained in home sleep testing. As Aristotle said, when the mind is stretched by a new idea, it never returns to its original size. So they're not going to forget about these great digital health solutions that have the home sleep testing. So yes, we'll get the capacity back in the sleep lab. But I also think the scalable opportunity for those sleep diagnostics providers to provide low cost, customer friendly diagnostics and the home will be just a part of their portfolio and hopefully, will improve the rate of diagnosing the 936 million people worldwide. But we're just looking at the U.S., the 70 million people in this country that have mild, severe obstructive sleep apnea that need to be taken care of. Thanks for the question, Anthony. And I'll hand back to you, Amy to close up the call.
Mick Farrell: Sure. Yes. But I know we're nine minutes over. So I'll make this brief. Thanks again to all our shareholders for joining us on the call. I'd like to thanks once again, the 7,500 ResMedians, many of you, shareholders, thank you for your hard work, dedication, helping people sleep better, breathe better, around 140 countries worldwide. Thank you for the many 1000s of enlightens. You're getting right now to our team in India. So that we can take care of people in this another emergency. I look forward to talking to you and to all of our shareholders here again in 90 days. Thanks.
James Hollings: Yes. Thanks, Mick, and thanks, Margaret, for the question. I really just would reiterate what Mick says. I think that when you think about growth, when we get back to double digit growth, the numbers were against the big comps that came out COVID, right? So when you think about growth as a percentage. And so, the underlying dynamic in the market and U.S. specific about the U.S. market, it’s pretty strong. March was the best month of the quarter for us in new patient growth than the U.S. market. And so we think that that trend is going to continue. And we're very hopeful about vaccine rollouts. We'll start to open up diagnostics. And of course, we have the new product that will come out in the calendar year. So we feel very confident about the underlying cores, the business continuing to grow over the coming quarters. And then we'll be able to not just maintain share, but probably take some share. But there's obviously some uncertainty associated with COVID, and some other things where we feel very confident for underlying growth dynamic, and it's the COVID comp that has to clear for us to be able to talk about double digit growth.
James Hollings: Sure. I think we're waiting to see what will happen with our competitors position and their ability to deliver product, but we're obviously always ready, willing and able to help our customers and more product. And to whatever extent there's potential upside for us and market share gains during the next quarter or two, and that we'll certainly do our best to take advantage of it.
James Hollings: Yes, sure. Thanks. Thanks for the question. Competitive bidding being cancelled led to ongoing stability in the pricing in the U.S. market, and that's what we see. There's instability in pricing throughout the period, because there's stability of reimbursement. And we -- but far, we haven't seen any signals from CMS that they intend to relaunch a program. So it's a weird way to answer the question, but the non event lesson a little changes, we've just seen price instability.
