Agnes Lee: Thank you, Kelly, and thank you for attending ResMed's live webcast. Joining me on the call today, are Mick Farrell, our CEO; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website at investors.resmed.com. I want to remind our listeners now that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements including, but not limited to statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in filings made by ResMed with the SEC. I will now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
Agnes Lee: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to Q&A, and we ask that everyone limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions after that, please get back into the queue. Kelly, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee: Thank you again for joining us. If there's any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available on our website at investors.resmed.com. Kelly, you may now close the call.
Brett Sandercock: Thanks, Andrew, for the call. And I agree with you, it was a good quarter. With regard to SERVE-HF and the follow-up from that, the results these last months since we published the SERVE-HF results all had been presented by our Chief Medical Officer at the conferences and discussed them with regulators, the publication will be in a couple months, have been pretty much in line with the information that we put out there. And so we said that ASP accounts for around 7% of our revenues and about a quarter of that is potentially in this affected population. So we're talking about impact of less than 1.75% of our group sales. And that's sort of the trend line that we've seen approximately in that range over the last months since the data were published on the trial. Interestingly, our ASP business in narcotic-induced central sleep apnea or treatment emergent central sleep apnea has not been affected, and that's mostly in the U.S. side of the business and it's an opportunity for us to grow that what they sometimes call complex sleep apnea or treatment emergent central sleep apnea opportunity in Europe.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, thanks for the follow-up, Andrew. And yes, since we had run the SERVE-HF trial predominantly in Europe, there were some sites in Asia Pac, but mostly in Europe, and had been a big focus on the heart failure component that the majority of the ASP effect has been within the European region.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, on the FX impact on EPS this quarter, it was pretty significant. It was around $0.05 negative on EPS.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, Ben. If you look at Q4 year-on-year, and as you know a bunch of drivers on that margin, but if you look at that, the single biggest impact for us was FX. And to put that into perspective, I think it was around sort of that 150 basis point mark. So that was the biggest impact, but each of the others were meaningful in terms of geographic mix, product mix and ASP decline I think all played a part in that. That kind of gives you sort of a relative sense of what was driving the gross margin there.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, I think that – yeah. I mean the mix, with the flow generator growth in the U.S., what you're seeing there is quite extraordinary. So it does swing your product mix and your geographic mix somewhat. So they sort of become a little more volatile, if you like. So I think if you were – I think it will run through fiscal year 2016, I think some of those will tend to moderate as kind of your cycle price introduction and so on. As you know we're working very hard on cost-out programs, and they will deliver. The timing will be uncertain but they'll deliver over the course of 2016. And then currencies, okay, that's always a bit of a wild card, but we've seen some depreciation in the Aussie dollar recently. We haven't seen the benefit of that yet, tends to lag about a quarter. Really we'll start to see some of that benefiting in Q2 as well. So I mean some of the – certainly a lot of those drivers that were working against us will certainly I think moderate over the course of 2016. But again, they're quite volatile so the kind of the gross margins guidance would be a little bit wider, I think that really accounts for some of the volatility we're seeing in some of the drivers.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, I mean, the ASP declines was year-on-year, Steve, so still cycling a little bit of that kind of second half impact, but we're basically through that now. So we do think the impacts from ASP declines will certainly moderate from where they've been. And that's kind of being factored into the guidance. As Mick said, we're seeing a relatively stable environment, I guess, on the pricing at the moment, and that's kind of across the whole product range really.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, true. We haven't been able to get, basically move from air freight to sea freight quite as quickly as we would have liked. And you saw it just in the latest quarter. When you look at it, frankly the flow gen growth has been accelerating through the quarters. This quarter you saw 50% growth in the U.S., which is quite phenomenal. But the guys have really done a great job in making sure we've got the capacity there and that product is going out to market quite seamlessly. But we've been doing that with obviously more air freight than we would like. Based on the trend down it was kind of where we're looking at July that I'm quite happy with how we're trending that now. But I do think that will start to see meaningful benefit I think coming through in Q2 on the freight out program. The trajectory and the trend is absolutely there, so I'm quite confident we'll see that; likely to be Q2 impact at this stage.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, so definitely it's in our gross margin, the freight. The – and we don't, no, we would have finished the quarter pretty much with negligible back orders.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. I mean Joanne, you're right, I mean we do take more of a holistic approach to it and sort of the products and for example the flow gen growth's been great on top line, been some pressure on the gross margin but we also managed the operating expenses as well. So at an operating profit level, and you can look at it on a non-GAAP basis, operating profits grew 5% notwithstanding a bunch of FX headwinds and distractions from SERVE-HF and so on. So this thing kind of demonstrates pretty resilient, pretty robust business I think. And so we try to manage it across the board, not just kind of one particular segment. So but the currency, so I mean certainly it helps us if you like the currencies through the SG&A and R&D, helps us a bit on the gross margin. I think if you step back, take a longer term, I think we're still very committed to getting operating leverage at kind of that SG&A or operating profit level, so I think, think of it in that context, that we do want to get operating leverage there. To the extent we get that, that's certainly going to drop to the bottom line and help our earnings per share.
Michael Farrell: Matt, I think you've either got us on mute or you're not there. Let's go to the next question, Kelly.
Michael Farrell: So good question, Andrew, and yeah it was a great turnaround from Q3 to Q4, from minus 3% to plus 5% on the Masks line. We do think that's a sustainable turnaround for a number of reasons. The AirFit portfolio, particularly the P10 and the F10, are very solid and strong masks and are being received really well by customers. That's point one. And point two is yeah, we annualized those price declines that we talked about from January to June, 2014 through January to June, 2015 so we're through that sort of hurdle. So good products, good pricing, good positioning and we think the masks will continue to do well for the year ahead.
Michael Farrell: Ben, I'd just add to that, to Brett's comments which I agree with all of them, and I don't want to sound like a broken record but I'll reiterate what we're doing the next 12 months on this, we're moving from air freight to sea freight as these products ramp up. We're moving these cost-out programs in the supply chain, so that's with suppliers and our partners but also within our internal programs and manufacturing and COGS reduction. And thirdly, we're increasing the incremental growth at lower cost plants. And I think all those three elements will help move GM to the higher end of Brett's guidance rather than the low one. And then finally, our sales teams, Jim and Ann and their teams are being provided incentives to drive high gross margin growth. So growth in the AirCurve 10 range, growth in the Astral range, and growth in the AirFit range of masks all being provided incentives to the channel to make sure that we grow those high GMx products. And so all those together I think are a pretty powerful weapon.
Michael Farrell: Yeah. Thanks, Anthony. So to seize the opportunity in HF globally, we're in the U.S. with more than 8 million patients and globally there are more than 20 million patients with heart failure worldwide. Obstructive sleep apnea progress in that group is north of 40%, we think central sleep apnea is around 30%. SERVE-HF was targeted at the 30%. If you look at all the key opinion leaders post SERVE-HF and their comments around both obstructive sleep apnea and central sleep apnea in general, is obstructive sleep apnea should be treated with all co-morbidities, and the SERVE-HF results have no impact on that area. I might go into some information in some publications that have come out from ATS in the American Journal for Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, on that front if we need to, but certainly that's what the key opinion leaders are saying. That's what we've seen in practice as we look at our sales over the last sort of 60, 90 days since the SERVE-HF results have come out. So as we look forward we think there's still a significant opportunity in heart failure with the obstructive sleep apnea patients. And amongst the central sleep apnea patients, which is the 30% prevalent side, physicians are still trying to work out what to do, whether it's just CPAP or a combination of oxygen and CPAP or bi-level, and they're working through each of those modalities. And I think you'll see a lot of research in the area to go closer to HF to next steps. We are working with Chris O'Connor and the group at CAT-HF to certainly finish and follow through on the patients who are already in that trial. And Rob and I just had a teleconference with Chis O'Connor a couple of days ago, and we're planning for next steps post HF and post CAT-HF, how do we find the groups of patients who are well treated and we can really focus on health economics, keeping patients out of hospital beyond that 30-day, 90-day period with heart failure, which is such a focus, and their functional outcomes as steps that we look ahead for post CAT-HF and post SERVE-HF. And as I said in the preliminary remarks, we're in the field of play here. We'll give you an update next quarter as to where we are with our cardiovascular strategy, but we're not moving away from this area. In fact, we're likely to double down on it because as you'll see, the results from SERVE-HF come out with some pretty interesting insights as you look at the different quintiles and the different groups of patients. But I'm not going to say too much more on that because I'm going to wait for the data to be published in the period review article, and then I can start to talk about the market opportunities that have part of that. Thanks for the question, Anthony.
Michael Farrell: Well, Matthew, the U.S. flow generators numbers includes both sleep and respiratory care products, but the AirSense 10 and the AirCurve 10 are the vast majority of it. But I'll hand it over to Jim Hollingshead, our President of the Americas, to maybe give a little more color on the growth of our Astral line of respiratory care and the flow generator, the amazing growth in the line's growth for the quarter.
Michael Farrell: Good questions, Matt. The Healthcare Informatics core competency, the capability their view, U-Sleep and myAir has really enabled us to achieve those flow generator growth numbers. The analogy would be iTunes is such a great platform that people are buying a lot of iPhones and iPads, and so we do think that the growth of those flow generators is linked to really the changing of the basis of competition in our industry from just smaller, quieter, more comfortable to smaller, quieter, more comfortable and more connected. And that more connected element is the Informatics that liberates the data, unlocks values for patients, providers and physicians and, ultimately, hospital systems. Your question, your sort of part two of the question was is there a link to the Q4 masks number? And I'd say, no, no, just yes, right? The acquisition of Jaysec earlier this fiscal year and CareTouch that we announced just earlier this month, both will enable us to use those data to drive resupply programs and to get them out to all the HMEs and make available to all the HMEs. We think there's still a huge opportunity to contact patients and let them know how far up they are along in their mask gauging and give them an opportunity to buy. So I think as you look forward over FY 2016 and beyond, there's a huge opportunity for Informatics to drive mask sales, but it wasn't really there in Q4. And the re-tapping opportunity again, I'd say that's not in the historic, that's in the future. And we do have an opportunity to reach out to patients through the Informatics solution, to e-mail, text or IVR to patients on coaching and adherence, and that could lead to reaching out our masks and on re-tapping. So you'll hear more from us over the coming fiscal year, and we can give you an update next quarter as to the link between Informatics and driving those trialing revenues. But it's a huge opportunity for us and for our channel and for the patients.
Michael Farrell: The only thing I'd add to Rob's comments, which I agree with them, is that in Japan ASV is often used in an acute setting.
Michael Farrell: The SERVE-HF results were done in a chronic setting, and so the physicians there are working through the difference of application between acute and chronic care, and there are different clinical implications. And more will come out post the publication of the SERVE-HF data on that in the coming months. Thanks for the question, Bruce.
Michael Farrell: Yeah, Matthew. The impact on revenue of the Informatics is really through the rest of the business. So if you think of Informatics really as an enabler or a new basis of enabling our HME providers, our patients and our physicians to get access to data. So physicians can access data in AirView, patients can access it in myAir, and then through electronic data interchange we're able to put the data into Epic or Cerner systems for hospitals and even payer providers so they can leverage that data. So the monetary, you're talking about what percentage of the revenue, the monetary feedback directly from payments for the Informatics Solutions is de minimis and it's not material. But the enabling of the sales, such as the 53% growth in flow generators in the quarter in the Americas, was really fueled and catalyzed and powered by those Healthcare Informatics solutions. So we do have internal calculations of the value of Informatics to justify our ongoing investment in that space, but it's a really long-term play about showing the value of home care, of taking sick patients out of hospital, putting them in a home and saving money for broken healthcare systems that's there.
Michael Farrell: That's a good question. Thanks for the clarification, Matthew. Look, I think that it'll first be 100% of the market that you require data because what's happening is what we're doing is if you look at the data that's in our investor deck there, the published data that we put out there on the product called U-Sleep, where we showed a 59% reduction in the labor costs for the HME upon using U-Sleep and an increase in adherence from 73% to 83%. You start to run the economics for our customer, and it's going to become just an essential basis of competition to play. But I want to make it clear that Informatics is not Informatics. It's not just saying, well I can get my data to the cloud. It's doing it fast, securely, enabling systems to move quickly, and I do think there's a partnership element of connecting directly into the Epic or Cerner system or into our HME-provider systems on the electronic front. And it's a global play. It goes beyond just the first four ways, really just been in the U.S. in the Americas region, but we are now moving our Informatics capabilities into France, Germany, Japan, and it's really something that is going to go global. So I think it quickly goes from where it is now to 100% over the coming quarters and fiscal year.
Michael Farrell: So we're not going to get into specific details on it because it's not material to our global business. It's on the order of 1% of our group revenues. It's growing faster than our group, and we're very excited about the opportunity. It takes us to a leadership position within the China market and sleep and respiratory medicine. And Jason Sun, the founder and CEO, is a great gentlemen, an individual, a very smart leader and entrepreneur who's created a very strong team around him in Suzhou. And we're really excited to be partnering with Curative to help grow and help the Chinese population get access to great care across the customer segments from Curative and ResMed.
Michael Farrell: Yeah, Matt, I'm excited about the mask growth. People close to the business are even more excited about it. I'm going to hand it over to Jim Hollingshead, our President of the Americas, to talk about it.
Michael Farrell: Yeah, Matt, if you look at our global sleep and respiratory market, we believe it's growing in the sort of mid-single digits. So you can't grow double-digits forever, but our goal is to not just meet but we want to beat market growth in every geography we're in every financial period we're there. So we're searching for excellence. The team has produced excellence, and we're going to continue to do what we can to outperform market growth.
Michael Farrell: And Ian, I'd add that beyond the U.S. geography which sort of has been the first early adopter here if you like of the Healthcare Informatics solutions, and that study I referenced was based in the U.S., we're seeing the same thing as we take this offering to France, to Germany, to Japan, across Northern Europe and we will be taking this globally to all of the 100 countries that we provide products in. And the value that's provided in this is universal. I mean we take waste and inefficiency out of the delivery system. We provide data real-time, we call it the HALO, Hour After Last Off. You literally can put your mask down at 6:30 a.m., by 7:30 a.m. your data are in the cloud and they're available for you on your smartphone on myAir. There available for the doctor at your 7:30 appointment. And they've available to the portfolio manager who's looking at a population of chronic disease, of COPD, sleep apnea or heart failure or hypertension patients. And so the value of that has such a low runway that Jim saying it's available to every customer in the U.S. is 100% true, but has it fully unlocked all its value in the U.S.? No way. And has it gone to every country around the world that we do business in? And have we been able to show that value fully yet? No way. There's a whole lot of runway left on that.
Michael Farrell: So on this one, I won't characterize a response. I'll read out the response from the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, which is the journal of the American Thoracic Society. Let's read two paragraphs out. This is four authors from University of British Colombia, Johns Hopkins, Brown and others. The title of the paragraph is What Should we do with Patients Being Treated with ASV for Other Indications? And I'll just quote this. "It is important to note that survey chest study only included patients with heart fail, with reduced ejection fraction and predominantly central events, and the findings should not be extrapolated beyond the study population. Patients who have been given ASV for other indications, such as narcotic injuries, central sleep apnea, heart failure, preserved ejection fraction or complex sleep apnea, can likely continue ASV safely as we see no compelling reason to withdraw, especially if there is a beneficial impact on their symptoms." And they go on further to say, "We believe that newly diagnosed patients with obstructive sleep apnea should be treated on CPAP as a first-line treatment of obstructive sleep apnea if clinically indicated as there is no compelling reason to believe that CPAP is harmful in any way with heart fail, with reduced ejection fraction patients." So they're just two quotes directly from publication in mid-July from APS. What we've seen out in the market is exactly that. The sleep physicians and the cardiologists are working together to look for patient groups where they can double-down on treatment with, I would say, bi-level, oxygen and ASV, and they're looking for areas where there might a safety signal, but as we delve further and further into the SERVE-HF data, our chief medical officer said at a session at APSS that when you get ejection fraction above 30%, the safety signal goes away. So these data are going to get out there. There's going to be public, and there's going to be a lot of follow on, but the dust has sort of settled on these last two months, and it's sort of what we predicted, as I said earlier, in the numbers, and as adjusted earlier, they're from the peer-reviewed press that we're starting to see articles concerning that and certainly in the numbers we're seeing in sales and the channel. We're seeing that we're all moving forward, and a great thing about this is that we've done some great scientific research. We have the data on Kern-Loin [ph] showing a 60% reduction in mortality in severe COPD, and we had a safety signal in heart failure. But our reputation at ResMed in our clinical community only goes up by these large, randomized controlled trials that we publish in the peer-reviewed press and will continue to do that.
Michael Farrell: You know what? I don't think we'd go there. It's more a question of functioning, good functioning, good value products, our target into the right segments. And really these products have all been designed in China for the China market. So they really got the right picture fit for those patients that have targeted that.
Michael Farrell: Well, Joanne, you know we play in a different space to companies like the big ones you're talking about like Medtronic, Covidien, Label [ph] . You're selling products to hospitals and large GPOs [ph] . Our job, and at some of the lines with the Western European healthcare systems and where the U.S. healthcare system has now gone with Accountable Care organizations, that the goal now is to keep patients out of hospital and in the home. And within the homecare medical device space we have a very strong position, and certainly within the respiratory medical and COPD side we're the market leader in driving those channels. So I would say our opportunity is to continue to drive value to show that taking patients out of hospital and putting them into the home is the right thing. And our job is to run faster and do better and to make sure that we continue to grow. We will continue to look at M&A, as we announced on this call two acquisitions, and our goal is organic growth and leveraging our current business, driving the operating leverage that you mentioned in the first part of your question, but also looking strategically at how we can add value to the marketplace, and I think taking patients out of the hospital, managing them in the home, getting the data to the cloud so you can quantify the benefit of that is kind of a unique value proposition, if you like, to the medical device market. Yeah, we have competition, and we continue to compete against our fellow competitors in the homecare space and the respiratory space. I think we do it better and I think we'll continue to lead and innovate and look at appropriate M&A to keep ourselves at the front of the pack.
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Kelly. In closing, I want to thank the more than 4,000 ResMed team from around the world for their continued commitment to changing millions of lives with every breath. We've had an incredible year launching game-changing products and services and we've reached $1.7 billion in annual revenues, but we remain laser focused on our long-term aspiration of changing 20 million lives by 2020. Thanks for your time today.
James Hollingshead: Yeah, we've had great flow generator growth across the entire quarter. Specifically your question on Astral, it's still early days on Astral. And so that's still ramping, but it's so far, exceeding our expectations. The device is quite a good device. It's very strong clinically and it has very high ease of use. And so we're very happy, we're very pleased with the adoption of Astral. It's ahead of expectations.
James Hollingshead: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. We've talked over the last two or three quarters about how we changed our pricing strategy and now that that's been grandfathered I think the biggest move that happened this quarter is a lot of those pricing moves that we made in mask in the second half of the prior year of neg ramp [ph] following through. So we've seen pricing stabilize. The AirFit range of masks continues to compete very, very strongly, I would say especially in pillows and full face. The nasal market has always been the most competitive category of masks and continues to be quite competitive. But our volumes are up and our pricing is stabilizing. We have a very strong position and we feel confident we can maintain growth.
James Hollingshead: It's a great question, Ian. Thanks. The – where we've seen everybody with the initial offering, right? So the uptake of the initial offering has been very, very strong. And I think that that's a huge contributor to the flow gen growth. We're taking share in flow gen and I think we're taking share in flow gen. And a large part of the devices is great the device, both the AirSense and AirCurve devices are fantastic devices, just an aside [ph] , but the Informatics side of that with anybody comms and the Software-as-a-Service platform is clearly starting to get uptake because it creates a lot of value for our customers. And what they're seeing is both they can increase compliance and therefore increase revenue, but they also take out a lot of labor-intensive processes with it and troubleshooting and patient management some. So broadly it's getting adopted. We will add to the platform. So you see things like the Jaysec acquisition and the CareTouch acquisition. As we build on the platform our customers will get even more growth. And so as we build the platform we hope to drive even more adoption, which should maintain an even grow share in the flow gen space, make our customers' businesses more productive, more profitable, and improve the health of the market for both us and for our customers.
James Hollingshead: I think there's a lot of growth to come. I mean I think that the platform will grow and so we'll have more feature sets and more opportunities for growth as the platform grows, but we've had very broad adoption of the product set across the whole market of HMEs, right. It's not restricted to a customer set. We're getting broad adoption across all of our customers. We're getting growing adoption across our customers. And we will continue to drive that as we add more features to the platform.
