Agnes Lee: Thank you, Larissa, and thank you for attending ResMed's live earnings webcast. Joining me on the call today is Mick Farrell, our Chief Executive Officer; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website at investor.resmed.com. We have also posted an updated investor deck, which may be found on the Events and Presentation section of the company's Investor Relations website. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy, and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors which could also cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in filings made by ResMed with the SEC. I will now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
Agnes Lee: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Larissa, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee: Yes. This concludes our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Live Webcast. If there's any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available on our website at investor.resmed.com. Thank you, again, for joining us today. You may disconnect.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes, sure. Andrew, yes, on FX on gross margin, year-on-year, it was in the order of 150 basis points favorable for us. If you looked at it more on a sequential basis, it was a benefit of around 30 basis points for us. And then currencies where they are just on a -- if you look at Q1 like going forward, it would probably have a -- we'll have a headwind of around, probably, 30 to 40 basis points going into Q1. Yes.
Brett A. Sandercock: It's just -- it'd be pretty small, really, Andrew. I mean, they only just came through in the quarter. So really, at the early stages of traction in those new masks. So I think that'll manifest more through FY '15.
Brett A. Sandercock: I mean, to some extent, it depends on timing of court cases, trials and so on. I mean, there'll be -- you can expect there'll be some continuation of litigation costs through FY '15. I mean, the main thing is we're committed to protecting our patents in the marketplace and our innovation. So we'll continue to do that. And if that means we spend some money on litigation from time to time, then we'll certainly do that. There'll be some come through. It was -- this quarter, we did have a court case, which was kind of happening in that quarter, so it probably popped it a little bit. You could expect some base litigation, I think, will continue for next few quarters.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. Maybe I can take that, Eric. On the gross margin, yes, I mean, we're guiding 61% to 63%. If you look at the price and if you look at it year-on-year, certainly, with the pricing or some of the adjustments we've made in Q3 that'll wash through Q4, and you're seeing that year-on-year impact, that year-on-year impact that will still be with us through, if you like, the first half Q1, Q2. So we'll still see those year-on-year price declines if you like. And then -- but when you look at the second half and a lot of that would sort of anniversary in terms of some of those adjustments. So now we're not going to make any predictions on where pricing might head that far into the future. But think of it at that first half, we got a wash-through. Second half might be kind of more normal with the caveat that, that's going to be unpredictable, really.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes, so it would be -- it's a combination around SG&A and R&D, probably a little more skewed on the SG&A side for that if you're thinking about that. And at the moment, I mean, it's important for us to keep looking at making sure we're doing things as efficiently as we can. It's important for us to make sure our resource allocation is really focused on achieving strategic objectives. So we'll do that. But at this -- right at the moment, we've not -- there's no plans on the table for further restructuring. But we need -- yes, we need to continue to make sure we're operating the business as efficiently as we can.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. Ian, that's, I mean, in particular in the U.S., there's some longer payment terms, I think, that are out in the market nowadays, really, on competitive response from us. And you'll see -- and obviously, that sort of doesn't manifest straight away but will build up over time. So you're seeing a little bit of that coming through in the days sales outstanding but not really -- it's kind of not really a factor or relation to some of the ordering cycles. It's really something that was put in place a while ago that then starts to manifest in days sales outstanding.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, Ben. So, I mean, there are 3 factors that affected U.S. masks. One, is the variations in customer-buying behavior, right? Moving from a bulk order to a throughout the year type of steady behavior, which is tough short-term better in the long term. Two, there's the impact of the Q3 pricing reductions that we put in place, so they'll need to roll through the comparisons over a 12-month period of time in terms of the pricing impact. And three, there's the impact of the transition to our new masks. We've just launched the N10 in the nasal space and the F10 in the full-face space, literally during the quarter, so you only got a half-quarter of sales or so from those 2 products in the category. So they're the 3 major effects. You mentioned the fourth effect, which is there in terms of the competitive dynamic. And there are some reasonable masks from our competitors. They're not as good as ours, but we do compete out there, and it's a tough market at times, but we think that with the product portfolio that we've just launched, this AirFit series that over FY '15, we have very strong possibilities for not only maintaining but growing share and rising with the market there.
Michael J. Farrell: Well, that was technically 2 follow-up questions, Ben. But I think that the price changes that we put into place in Q3 were reasonably effective and, probably, just went broader to more customers during Q4 so relatively stable on the price side from Q3 to Q4. Obviously, on a year-on-year basis, there was a significant price relief for our customers that, of course, we don't quantify now on these calls. To your question about market share, it's very hard by each category to get the details of market share in categories. What I can say is that it's early in the ramp curve of the N10 and F10, so my conjecture would be that the N10 and F10 have a lot more runway to get market share over FY '15. And that if there's any market share gain in Q4, it would have been in the pillows category. If there were any stresses, it would have been in the nasal and full-face category. But that's sort of just based on the timing of those product launches and where they are. And thanks for the 3 questions, Ben.
Michael J. Farrell: David, you were a little light at the start of that question. Could you repeat the whole question? I couldn't quite hear you.
Michael J. Farrell: So good question, David, so more granularity on the changing buyer behavior. So what we're referring to is that, sometimes, during the quarters, whether it's Q1, Q2 or Q3, but particularly in Q4, there are larger bulk purchases by, usually, larger customers towards the end of the quarter. And we saw those throughout fiscal year '14, Q1, 2 and 3 but not in Q4. And I mean, the difference between missing or hitting on the U.S. sales could be 3 or 4 deals to sort of make up that difference. And if you think about 4 deals of in that sort of $3 million to $5 million range, you can start to see those types of numbers adding up. The question of why those deals didn't happen in Q4 and why the customers are choosing probably to have a lower inventory stake or a more-efficient operation, I think the answer is that they've all faced the reality now of 12 months of -- in particularly in the U.S. market, 12 months of competitive bidding round 2 impact. And everybody in the space is looking for efficiency, for supply chain efficiency, for ordering efficiency and for making sure that their -- that operations are delivered to patients, but they don't have excess inventory. So I think it was part of that, and it came to a head in Q4. I don't think the wash-through is a 90-day wash-through. I think the wash-through on an inventory supply chain, when you start to look at it as more a 365-day timeframe. It's total conjecture because I don't know the details of the operations of the 5,000 customers in the U.S. or even the top 50 to that great level of detail. But my conversations with top customers in the U.S. are that they're looking for operational efficiency. They're looking to take costs out. For instance, that's why U-Sleep has been so popular not only in Q4 but throughout the whole year because people say if I can increase adherence by 10 percentage points and take labor costs out by 60%, that's the technology I need. So I'll start using then: EDI technologies, just-in-time delivery, dropships to patients. All these types of things are being used by our customers. So there -- that's sort of the summary of that 50,000 feet of changes in buying behavior. And I just don't have the granularity on a 10-, 45-, 90-day scale, but my best guess is that it's a 365-day sort of adjustment that you'd have if you're running a large business on that front.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. So I think the question is whether U-Sleep is compatible with all manufacturers' products, and the answer is yes. The technology is perfectly capable of taking data from all manufacturers who are able to get data to the cloud that can interface with an API that can be accepted by our product, which is all the major manufacturers' capabilities. So U-Sleep is perfectly technically capable.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. Look, without going -- because we don't go into detail of individual customers, but what I can tell you is that, that presentation at the American Thoracic Society from the main stage and then some posters and some follow-up with customers created some great buzz amongst key opinion leader physicians because they see that the world of telemedicine is coming. Digitized data is here to stay, and that efficiency is needed for our global healthcare system. So the key opinion leaders are on board. Specifically, as we talk to customers, particularly in the U.S. with all the price pressures they've had, particularly from CMS, they're really looking, as I said earlier, for efficiency tools. And the data in that study were 59% reduction in total labor costs. And if you're running your P&L and you look at what that reduction on that line is, even if you halve it, say, that was a clinical study, in practice, I'm only going to get half of that. It's a huge potential cost savings for customers. So what we've seen is a lot of customers asking about it. Our territory managers and our corporate account managers are talking to customers about it every day, and we're seeing good uptake from those customers who are doing pilots and trials. Obviously, it's sort of an S curve of penetration for anything, whether it's a mask, a software product or a new platform. But a software platform, when it goes, it can go pretty fast because it's very scalable and it's digital, and that's how it's designed. We're very excited. It's early days, but we're very excited about U-Sleep and the value it can bring to our channel, particularly the providers but also the patients. Patients just love being coached and engaged on their therapy. And moving adherence from 73% to 83%, as was shown in that study, may not sound like much, 10 percentage points, but for 7 out of 10 to 8 out of 10, that's a big needle move when you look at what pharmaceutical compliance rates are in the 50s and 60s at best with all the coaching materials they had. The difference is that we have electromechanical device that we can send data to the cloud, and we can coach that patient on what actually happened not whether we think they took the pill or opened the cap. So we're pretty excited about U-Sleep and its penetration, and we can give updates as we go through FY '15.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, it's the flow-through of the Q3 price changes. It's the changing in the buying behaviors of customers from more bulk to more steady and some of the channel changes that have happened throughout competitive bidding round 2 that have impacted, all together, those 3 factors have impacted the U.S. growth results there in Q4.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. So David, difficult to quantify the exact one, and you're going to need a handful of customers to talk about changing a $3 million to $5 million end of quarter buying to others to have an impact. So we don't -- my answer to the question of how long it will take to wash through that changing in buying behavior, I don't know if it will be a rapid deployment of their sort of efficiency approaches and they can get it done in a 90-, 180-day period, or if it'll be a little bit beyond that. The 365 is the absolute outlier, right, because then it's annualized. It has to be less than that. The answer is we just don't know. It's -- how long is a piece of string on that? So you're asking me to quantify something that I -- it's dependent upon the psychology of the customer, and it's very hard to go. What we're doing with our U.S. customers is partnering with them across the board. Solutions like U-Sleep that we talked about to bring efficiency, products like Astral. When we launched this life support ventilator, which is the first life support ventilator we've ever launched in the U.S. market, during this calendar year, we're going to be bringing to them choice. The first time they've had choice in life support ventilation, and they're screaming for it. And we can't wait to bring that for them. And so we think that will bring some faster orders and maybe some upfront stocking orders as they need to stock, to train their staff and get them up to speed on a great life support ventilator. So there's so many factors, including the new masks and how quickly they roll up and what inventory's needed on those, but understanding the exact inventory policies of even the top 10, 50, 100 customers, let alone, the 5,000 in the U.S., is very difficult. So that's why, David, getting a specific quantification of the days of inventory rolled through on average across the customer base is just very difficult. I was sort of giving you the guardrails between 90 and 360. The answer is I don't know exactly where it'll be within that.
Michael J. Farrell: So I mean, look, David, in net, we're talking less than 1% to 2% or around 1% to 2% of our global workforce here, not a huge amount. But it was important for us to refocus our team towards the strategy and to where we need to be in 2015 and towards our Three Horizons growth strategy. And so it was really around aligning our SG&A and aligning our R&D around those long-term strategies and making sure the long-term bets are all accounted for, and some short-term efficiencies can be gained where we no longer need to expand assets and resources.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. Look, I think some of the competitive moves were more in Q1 and Q2 from our major competitors in the U.S. market associated around competitive bidding round 2. And our moves in Q3 were a response to maintain our appropriate premium over our competitors in that space, and so it was steady. Predicting what's going to happen in FY '15, I will predict there will be some price competition, but what I predict is when we launch our Astral product, which is the second of its kind, right, it'll be 1 of only 2 players in that market that price will not be the issue. It'll be about efficiency, long-term cost of ownership, the value and efficiency for the customer and the value to the patient of that life support ventilator. In our new masks, where you're able to get first-time fit and easier to fit and easy to use, those values become very important when you're looking at the full P&L of managing your HME business. So price is there, will always be there. Our job and job of our R&D teams, the job of our marketing teams is to produce and then position and then provide through the sales team that value to customers so that they can get the efficiency. And we're going to do that throughout FY '15.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. So we alluded to it a little in the prepared remarks. Ian, you're the first question on it. But the home sleep testing is now at 40% when you look at a trailing 12-month period of all U.S. diagnoses, 60% being polysomnography. It's being driven by the insurers and specialty benefits managers and others associated with insurance companies driving that switch, and the channel is responding. When home sleep testing increases, it does almost directly impact the shift that is continuing between CPAP to APAP. And so we're continuing to see the APAP category increasing, and that did continue during the quarter. We didn't see any big major changes in Q4 for bilevel, pretty steady as a sort of -- as a percentage of total sales through there. The impact on all of them was the changing in buying behavior, the pricing and all the macro effects impact across all those segments. But within the individual CPAP versus APAP categories, we are seeing a positive mix shift from CPAP to APAP continuing, bilevels being steady. And as we launch the Astral life support ventilator, we will open up a brand-new category for us at the really highest end of the spectrum in terms of value and margin and value all the way through to the COPD patient, the neuromuscular disease patient that it might treat.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. Anthony, it's a good question, and it's hard to know the exact answer to it. I mean, we sold to more than 5,000 customers during Q4 just in the U.S. As Rob was talking to earlier, I can count on my right hand, less -- half of it the number of Japanese customers. And so yes, it's north of 5,000. Will there be more consolidation? I will expect some further mergers and acquisitions activity within the DME channel. I think quite a lot of it was pre-CB2 and during CB2. I think now it's almost the survival of the fittest. Those who have got through this year and have still got their cash flow and still got operating businesses and good relationships with referring doctors and good relationships with the patients who are members of their sort of portfolio, that they have the opportunity continue to do that. We're going to partner with all our customers: the small, the mom and pop, the medium regionals, the large regionals and the nationals. And we are helping all of them with efficiency. A lot of the tools we provide, such as U-Sleep, can apply to a customer across that spectrum. So we don't have to be a large customer to use it. Some of the others have sort of electronic data interchange and interfacing with their billing capability. We can do with -- through partnerships with some of the small guys and directly with some of the larger ones. So whatever the opportunity to bring value to all those segments of customers, we're looking at doing it. But to answer your question directly, do we expect further consolidation? Yes. Do we think it'll be dramatic? Probably not. Probably an ongoing quarter-by-quarter consolidation of them without a major step-change.
James Hollingshead: Yes. Alex, we think that patient growth rates are about in line with where they've been. We haven't seen a big dropoff in patient diagnostics in any way. We don't actually name the percentage growth rate on this call anymore. We stopped doing that a couple of quarters ago, but we haven't seen any measurable decline in patient volumes in the U.S.
James Hollingshead: Yes. Well, I can speak to the Americas reorganization. Really, the way to think about what we did in the Americas was to align with the strategy. And so without getting into great detail, we made some changes and some additions to the sales force in preparation for the launch of Astral. And then we made some changes to align across some business aisles [ph]. So we've done some things to better align the marketing organization and also to create better alignment between sales and marketing. So it was, obviously, a lot of, if you will, effectiveness moves and alignment with strategy there. In doing that, we also took the opportunity to look for efficiencies.
James Hollingshead: Yes. I'd -- thanks, Anthony, for the question. This is going to sound like a bit of a cliché, but every customer is different. And so what we're seeing is a wide range of behaviors. We've got customers who are getting more aggressive about managing their own inventory balances. We have a wide range of different types of agreements. And so it's actually very difficult to characterize in the context and the way you framed it. But I think we can say that we did see, at the end of the quarter, a change in behavior with some of our customers in -- being more reluctant to do larger deals. And I do think that, that is hand-in-hand with some of the anticipation that's out in the market based on the rumor that was spread by one of our competitors that we were launching a product platform imminently. So those 2 things were connected. But it's very, very difficult to say because of the variety of behavior across the customer base.
