Brett A. Sandercock: All right. Thanks, Peter. Revenue for the June quarter was $371.9 million, an increase of 9% over the prior year quarter. Unfavorable currency movements reduced our fourth quarter revenues by approximately $14.6 million. In constant currency terms, revenue increased by 13%. Income from operations for the quarter was $89.7 million, an increase of 35% over the prior year quarter. Net income for the quarter was $76.8 million, an increase of 31% over the prior year quarter. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.53, an increase of 43% over the prior year quarter. Gross margins for the June quarter was 60.9%, up sequentially from Q3 FY '12. On a sequential basis, our gross margin continued to benefit from a favorable product mix and manufacturing efficiencies. Looking forward, we expect our gross margin to be in the range of 59% to 61%, assuming current exchange rates. We continue to execute on initiatives targeted at improving our global manufacturing supply chain and logistics cost structures. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $105.9 million, an increase of 3% over the prior year quarter. Or in constant currency terms, SG&A expenses increased by 9%. SG&A expenses, as a percentage of revenue, improved 28.5% compared to the year ago figure of 29.9%. Looking forward and subject to currency movements, we expect SG&A, as a percentage of revenue, to be in the range of 29% for the fiscal year 2013. R&D expenses for the quarter were $27.9 million, an increase of 3% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, R&D expenses increased by 10%. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue was 7.5% compared to the year-ago figure of 7.9%. Looking forward, we expect R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue to be in the range of 8% for fiscal year 2013, reflecting the strong Australian dollar and continued investment in our product pipeline. Amortization of acquired intangibles was $2.9 million for the quarter, while stock-based compensation expense for the quarter was $8.1 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 22% compared to the prior year quarter effective tax rate of 24.3%. The lower tax rate reflects the benefit of lower effective tax rates in our Singapore and Australian operations. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 23.2%, and we currently estimate our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2013 will be in the vicinity of 22%. Turning now to revenue in more detail. Overall sales in the Americas were $207.4 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year quarter. Sales outside the Americas totaled $164.5 million, an increase of 3% over the prior year quarter or in constant currency terms, sales outside the Americas increased by 13% over the prior year quarter. Breaking out revenue between product segments. In the Americas, Flow Generator sales were $90.2 million, an increase of 9% over the prior year quarter, reflecting strong growth in our APAP devices. Masks and other sales were $117.2 million, an increase of 17% over the prior year quarter, underpinned by strong contributions across our mask product range and continued growth in accessories. Revenue outside the Americas, Flow Generator sales were $110.8 million, an increase of 2% over the prior year quarter or in constant currency terms, an increase of 12%. Masks and other sales were $53.7 million, an increase of 6% over the prior year quarter or in constant currency terms, an increase of 15%. Globally, in constant currency terms, Flow Generator sales increased by 10%, while masks and other increased by 16%. Cash flow from operations was $97 million for the quarter, reflecting strong underlying earnings and working capital management. Capital expenditure for the quarter was $12.1 million. Depreciation and amortization for the June quarter totaled $22.4 million. Cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2012 was a record $383.2 million, an increase of 35% over the prior year. Our share buyback continues to play a major role in our capital management program. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.8 million shares for consideration of 89 million. For fiscal year 2012, we repurchased 13.6 million shares for consideration of 391.2 million. The 38.6 million shares purchased in fiscal year 2012 represents approximately 9.3% of our diluted shares outstanding. At the end of June, we had approximately 8.8 million shares remaining under our authorized buyback program. And in addition to our share buyback, our Board of Directors today declared a quarterly dividend of $0.17 per share, consistent with our previously advised dividend policy. We ended the fiscal year financially and operationally in excellent shape. Net cash balances at the end of the quarter were $559 million. And at June 30, total assets stood at $2.1 billion and net equity was $1.6 billion. I will now hand the call back to the operator for your questions.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. Michael, it's Brett here. Yes, that's correct. I mean, it's still -- as Peter said, it's just too uncertain for us to know what -- which within our portfolio what products are in or out. We certainly think we'll get a clearer view of that when the final regulations come out. I think we expect them sometime in September. But there's even -- I mean, even within the industry and peers and so on, there's even conjecture about where does the medical device tax sit, does it sit in COGS, SG&A, where is it going to sit. So even that's not perfectly clear right now. But I think as we get to September, we'll get the final regulations. I think we'll certainly have some more clarity around that for you.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. It's Brett. We'll continue with the buyback. I think at this stage, we expect the buyback -- to buy back a minimum of stock to at least offset dilution from employee equity grants. So as you look at last year, that would be roughly 2 million shares. So I suppose that would be the starting point. But as Peter said, we'll -- that will be a starting point and likely to be more than that. But we have now the dividend as well that we'll be paying on a quarterly basis. But I don't think it's an either/or, I think we'll both do the dividend and continue with the share buyback as well.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. I mean, it was pretty significant this year. I mean, that's getting to quite a significant proportion of our shares that we did buy back. So I think with the context of the dividend now being paid, you'd probably expect that wouldn't be quite as aggressive as what we had done this year.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. On the Singapore manufacturing, it's probably roughly at the 50% -- about 50% of the production in Singapore now. And we've always said that, that -- what's happening there is incremental production continues to flow up to Singapore. We've also started heavy manufacturing in Malaysia as well now. So we have a small operation in Malaysia to really supplement that Singapore operation now. So it's 50%, and you expect over time that percentage will climb.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. I mean, we're still -- still a decent chunk of those costs are in the manufacturing front. So we're still -- yes, it would be probably just overauarter. You could rule of thumb probably a quarter delay. Now we've -- if you look at inventory turnover for us now, it has improved quite a bit over the last few years. So I think the rule of thumb would be on about a quarter's lag on impact from the Aussie dollar.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. I mean, so the majority -- much more than that, the majority of the R&D is undertaken here in Australia. But that impact we feel straight away through normal translation. So you'll see that whatever the average rate is for the quarter, that would be reflected in our R&D spend.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes, thanks. The only thing I'd say on that is, Matt, is geographic mix wasn't really a driver of the margin. So that probably pretty much answers it.
Peter C. Farrell: Those are Dan -- well the VPAP ST and the VPAP ST-A are bilevel units are now in the S9 platform. So initially, we did the CPAPs. But now we're putting all products, including the adaptive servo-ventilator into the S9 platform. So it's much more appealing, it's smaller, it's quieter and we're pretty excited now that we've got everything. And we're just launching the ST and the ST-A this quarter.
Peter C. Farrell: The maximum would be $0.01 a share and it probably won't even get to that. And a year out, it will be accretive.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, there hasn't been any greater clarification in that space. And as far as we're concerned, we're making the assumption that it may well impact -- we're not sure about this, but it might impact the dental appliance area, the Narval products. But they're almost an immaterial part of our business at this point. So therefore, it doesn't affect current numbers at all. And maybe some of the hospital-based products, Stellar 100, 150 perhaps might accrue, but we're talking, 2.3%. But again, it's not really a material amount. Now if it affects all the products, you can do the math there. That is 2.3%. But there's a lot more water that's going to flow onto the bridge in this space. And we're not, at this point -- we're more concerned about Obamacare, which is a shambles in our view than the tax itself and maybe it won't even be implemented with a bit of luck.
Peter C. Farrell: But Michael, we are reasonably sure, at least our internal tax guy has checked with a lot of sources. We think it's -- and again, we need clarification, as Brett said, but we think it's -- the impact is going to be fairly minimal for us that is.
Peter C. Farrell: Yes. We think of it -- it does impact, as I said, the dental end of our business, which of course is not material at this point. We're planning on making it material, of course and also any hospital-based products. That's as far as we're reading the 2 at least. And we're fairly comfortable with that.
Peter C. Farrell: And without sort of beating a dead horse here, just to add a little bit of more flavor, with the PCPs, we're seeing -- it's almost a bifurcation. There may be many more phenotypes as we get more information back. But you have the PCPs that are kind of interested in doing the HST, not necessarily in putting the patients on treatment, that would be done by, as you correctly pointed out, by the -- currently, both the DMEs or the HMEs. But they would end up with a $50 or something around that order. And then there are the PCPs that actually don't want to get involved, and they are using the IDTFs. So in other words, if they recognize the patient needs help, they can just sort of say, "Well, here, listen, why don't you go and we'll give you a list of IDTFs, and you can pick a geographically close one or one with a national footprint." But we're seeing roughly that. And there'll be more clarity over the next few months in that area, maybe over the next 6 months.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, Ben, it's like asking how long is a piece a string, what causes a mask to wear out. Again, if -- I mean, there are all sorts reasons. The dog gets it, puts a hole in it, and it leaks or the patient has a particularly oily face and the material itself breaks down. All sorts of reasons, some people are very, very careful, they clean their mask, they look after it and so on and so forth. So there's all sorts of things that can happen out there. But our average is of the order -- it's a little a shade under 2, and that's all we can really say about that. But, Don, you might want to make a comment there. But it's really the DMEs and the HMEs working with the patients. And it's up to them to do it. We just don't get involved with that.
Peter C. Farrell: And I'll hazard a guess here. Ben, that with the switch to HST, and I really think that's going to accelerate. There are different views with -- even within ResMed about that. I'm -- you can call me optimistic, I just think it's going to really pick up hugely. It's going to be adopted fairly rapidly. And with that, the patients are going to be going on to AutoSet. And the beauty of the AutoSet is you get really good, solid information on mask leak and how the patient is doing. And it gives the HMEs and the DMEs the opportunity to say, hey, listen, you seem -- your treatment seems to be suboptimal. It could be the mask and ask them to check their mask or even bring the stuff in, and we'll take a look at it. So I think were going to see that number creeping up.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, I think people are recognizing that compliance is the ace in the whole. If you don't get compliance, everybody loses. In other words, a machine that's bought and gets stuck in a cupboard, you don't get replenishment and so on, so that's all obvious. But I would put it more strategically. What we do know is that patients have significantly improved quality of life. We also know -- and the data, I was referring to it in my initial comments, I mean, you've got the co-morbidities are not just heart disease and diabetes, it's peripheral neuropathy, it's cancer and so on and so forth. So it actually, treatment -- compliant treatment prevents disease progression. And we also have a significant amount of data internally. And there was a recent report about a year ago from McKinsey, which is on the Harvard website -- the Harvard Sleep Medicine website, showing that there's a return on investment in the first year for treating patients, and that is with a reduction in inpatient and outpatient services. So it's kind of like the holy grail, improve quality of life, reduce costs and stopping the progression of disease. People are becoming more and more aware of that aspect. And so compliance is the holy grail in itself for the patient. It's a holy grail, if you are compliant, for the reasons I just mentioned. I think that word is getting out, and it's -- the CMS -- actually the government did something senseful, it's sort of hard to believe, it's not often you see that. But by requiring this 90 days with 30 days continuous use, that's the CMS, this is forcing the DMEs and the HMEs to look very, very seriously at compliance because they don't get paid if the patient isn't compliant. So we've seen in some of the bigger customers, compliance sub-50 going to mid-70s. So we're seeing and maybe that's reflected also in the incredible growth that we're seeing in our replenishment program. It's getting better and better. And of course the other side of the coin is that our products are better and better. I mean, you've got much more like 75 gram masks, machines that are about a kilogram, 24 decibels, I mean, they're quiet, they're small, they're appealing and they're so much, so much easier to use. So everything is moving in the right direction. The technology is, the knowledge of the -- both the consumer and the physician, the improvements in technology and so forth. So we are seeing -- now I couldn't give you specific numbers, but I would say -- well I can give you a specific number, but it's not based on hard-nosed data, but it's somewhere around the mid-70s at one year. And once the patients are on after first month, we're seeing, even the first couple of weeks, we're seeing that, that's the way it tends to continue.
Peter C. Farrell: Anthony, sort of reiterating what I've said there. We -- the first 9 MSAs we, sort of if anything, it was a slightly -- and it sounds bizarre, slightly positive impact on ASPs. We're not quite sure why that is. But let's say it had -- it virtually had no impact. We don't see -- and we've looked at this pretty carefully because people seem to be spooked by it. But our data show that it is not really having any impact at all. Now that could change, but I don't see it. We just don't see it. And again, it's 10% -- it's of the order of 10% of our total global revenues. So -- but I mean, we don't even see it impacting that 10%. The other people do apparently, but we just don't. And we are talking about real data, not guesses.
Peter C. Farrell: David, we don't give that sort of granularity. What we have said is that we're incredibly encouraged by our -- but since the bilevels have been put into the S9 platform, we're seeing some very encouraging growth, very encouraging. And as I just said, we're releasing the VPAP ST and the VPAP ST-A in -- also in the S9 platform, and we expect to see that being received positively. The other thing I mentioned is the HST-driven switch -- lastly, HST-driven switch too, what I said. And we expect that to continue and we're expecting in fact another 100% increase in HST, and the obvious way to go is to put patients on auto-setting devices. So we expect to see a modest to very poor growth in the low-end CPAPs and quite good growth in the high-end CPAPs. And bilevels and AutoSets, we see continuing to grow.
Peter C. Farrell: Yes. Well you would say -- so we haven't changed our view on where we are with growth rates. It's 6% to 8%, and pretty much worldwide. Maybe it's a little higher in Asia Pac because it's starting from a lower base. So you might be able to say 8% to 10% in Asia Pac, possibly a little higher in China or in India, but it's not reached a point where it's hugely material for us just yet. But 6% to 8%, for the bulk of our business, that is Europe and the U.S. And as you saw, our constant currency growth was 13%, so that would be suggestive of market share gains. And the rate of growth for both devices, 9% in the U.S. for devices and 13% for masks. That would suggest that we're doing nicely.
Peter C. Farrell: All right. You've taken the words out of my mouth. It was a very decent premium that Lincare got, so $41 a share or whatever. It's a very decent -- I mean, premium. So clearly, Linde is seeing competitive bidding as being, I would say, a nonissue. I mean, they paid big bucks. And as far as the impact upon us, I mean, we can only go on what's written in the press releases and so forth. We haven't had any in-depth discussion with either Linde or Lincare management on this. But the press releases say that they're going to be run separately. And John Byrnes, the CEO of Lincare is still in the saddle. And so we treat -- they're both big customers, but we treat it as business as usual. So good luck to Lincare and the boys. And you've said it yourself, competitive bidding doesn't seem to have much of an impact on what could be considered a very, very generous premium.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, we think it's -- the potential is there for it to accelerate. And the reason being the push to HST is building up an an incredible storm, if you like -- or maybe slightly less than a storm. But it's happening. And growing at 50% per annum, this is going to be reflected in more switching to AutoSet. It's happening. So -- and how long will it continue? I see it continuing for several years.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, thank you, Chris. I think we've said enough and we'll let people go. Those that are still on the -- and I guess the final thing I'd like to say is to just thank all the ResMed employees for doing another outstanding job. We have a great team of people. And I just want to publicly thank all our employees. So thanks, guys. See you next time, as they say.
Donald Darkin: Thanks. So what we're doing here is pulling in a compliance software package, which actually is sort of adjunct to the EasyCare online solution that we've just launched. So what we're seeing here is that with that program and the program we just launched, it will become a much easier solution for HMEs and providers where we intend to take costs out and allow these guys to focus on their business, while this program will manage the compliance end of the patient.
Donald Darkin: Yes. I agree with Peter, Ben. It's a very difficult area to really understand. It's very patient-specific, and you get quite a variability in the numbers. But generally, it's sitting around that 1.5 plus. And I think as people understand the importance of compliance and understand the importance of getting good, comfortable, effective masks, then they'll start to realize that, that number might creep up a little bit, but obviously it's a slow process at this point.
Donald Darkin: I thought -- just add one more thing there. I think as patients become more aware of the disease, are more aware of the importance of compliance for themselves, they will take control of that mask number as well, and I believe that will drive it even higher.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, Michael, it's Mick here. I would just add 2 points that firstly, this is just an opportunity for us to support our customers. It's only 20% of their business, so 25% of their business that's affected just the Medicare component. But it gives us a chance to talk to them about resupply, which has a lot of runway left for growth. And secondly, the customers that we're talking with over these last couple of months since this reasonably nebulous legislation came out is that they've swiftly added into their IVRs or their call center scripts and their documentation, steps that are necessary to show that it's nonfunctional in the replacement process. So that's been the chance. The good business conversations, we think, there's growth left. And our customers are responding swiftly and efficiently. And we think it's probably a good thing for us long-term to start thinking this way.
Michael J. Farrell: The only thing I'd add is that in terms of influencing ResMed brand, I think is where you're also asking, Michael, that we're working with sleep physician key opinion leaders from Harvard and Stanford, but also in regional groups around the country. And we have very strong relationships with the sleep physicians in terms of influencing towards not only the awareness of sleep apnea but that ResMed's products and services are ideally treated to keep the patient adherent, which is the big message. And we're also, in addition to that, doing some e-learning approaches with both the primary care physicians and train the trainer approaches with HME sales forces. So reaching the 250,000 primary care physicians can be done through social media, e-learning and by leveraging key opinion leader sources is what I'd add to what you just heard there.
Michael J. Farrell: So one -- this is Mick here. One proxy to look at is the fact that we're 15% switched to home sleep testing from PSG, and we expect that to continue. So there's 85% of the runway left in terms of the potential switch from PSG to HST. So that could be a proxy metric you could look at -- to that as a suggestion.
Geoff Neilson: They're playing in different segments in the hospitals. So really, it's not going to have any impact.
Geoff Neilson: Okay. First of all on Stellar, globally, it's been growing very well. In the U.S., it's still in early days with CareFusion. We are seeing growth, but it's off a small base. And as far as all the other macroeconomic things, ResMed's presence in the hospital is small and not material at the moment. We obviously have plans to grow that. And so these issues aren't material at the moment.
Geoff Neilson: I think and particularly in the noninvasive ventilation area, we're seeing strong growth both with our ST devices and with Stellar devices. And the life support products are holding their own, but mostly the growth is in NIV area, which is -- where the growth in ventilation is actually occurring.
