Agnes Lee - ResMed, Inc.: Thank you, Marianna, and thank you for attending ResMed's live webcast. Joining me on the call today are Mick Farrell, our CEO, and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release it can be found on our website at investors.resmed.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy, integration of acquisitions and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in filings made by ResMed with the SEC. I will now hand the call over to Mick Ferrell.
Agnes Lee - ResMed, Inc.: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to Q&A and we ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have any additional question after that, please get back into the queue. Mariana, we're now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee - ResMed, Inc.: Thank you again for joining us today. If there's any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available on our website at investor.resmed.com in about two hours. Marianna, you may now close the call. Thank you.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks for the question, Steve. No, we haven't seen customers moving out of the Brightree system since ResMed acquired or announced the acquisition in February or closed the acquisition in April or has formally moved forward from then. So, we've had a good eight months of customers being aware of this, and what we've seen is customer love the value that's been provided. And they actually – I think the customers I've spoken to love the fact that there's a multibillion-dollar public company that's going to make sure they invest cash in this business for the long run, which is investing in the infrastructure and extracting value for our HME provider customers and adding even more value, as we integrate some of the functionality from Brightree, as we said in some of the prepared remarks, between Brightree and our broader AirSolutions platform across sleep apnea and COPD.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. So, first, the EMEA and APAC masks and accessory growth was 4%. Americas was flat. Obviously, we showed these new technologies at the European Respiratory Society Congress in September and, as you noted, Ben, we've been pretty public about that and so it had been out in the public forum. There may have been some impact on Americas' customers knowing that new products will be coming to market soon in terms of their purchases during the September quarter. But look, the way that we look at it is, we've got some excellent first results here on our controlled product launches on this product, the F20. It's an excellent full face mask that we think is going to be incredibly successful as we've tested it out there. And certainly, there were some customers testing it in the Americas and some customers testing it in Europe, and we did show it at the conference there in European Respiratory Society, but we do expect very significant growth for this throughout fiscal 2017 and we will launch the product, as I said, we launched it yesterday in Europe. And we will launch it – another technology into Europe and both technologies we plan to launch into the U.S. this quarter. So, I do think the future looks pretty exciting on that front. To the devices, breaking out the 10% year-on-year growth in devices in the Americas, we don't typically break it out precisely between how much was ventilation and how much of the growth was sleep, but we talk about the sleep apnea market generally growing in that sort of mid to high single-digit number and devices growing in the mid single-digits and masks growing at the high single-digits. So you can sort of look at that 10% and say, well, if it's mid single-digits on the sleep flow generators then there's some incremental growth from the ventilation and the portable oxygen concentrators on top of that.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, absolutely. Well, Ben, we'll give an update next quarter as we really start to roll that out. The point I was making in this call is that we've now got the quality to a level that we like and that we are launching it now throughout not only U.S. but our global sales forces over the coming quarter. And as you know, the sale cycle on POCs is an S-curve and you start to ramp that up this quarter, but we'll give an update in 90 days as to the progress on that. Thanks for the questions, Ben.
Michael J. Farrell: Will, there are two factors involved in SG&A. One is the absorption of some of the acquisitions we've made and that has contributed to the SG&A. And in addition to that, as you noted, we're launching two new masks in Europe and we plan to launch them in the Americas and these things that we prepare for. We've done them many times, but you do prepare for them in terms of the marketing, promotional capabilities and so on. So, those two factors of the acquisitions and the preparation to new product launches were both factors in the SG&A.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Look, the Brightree growth is in that sort of low-to-mid teens, low teens sort of area, good solid double-digit growth. It's 80, 90%-plus recurring revenue there, David. So the Brightree business is a very solid and strong recurring revenue business. It's providing incredible value to providers automating process flows for inventory management, clinical informatics management, revenue cycle management in terms of ensuring payment and also even managing physician scripts. And so, when you think about the synergistic value, if you like, between a customer who is operating on ResMed's AirSolutions for patient engagement through myAir and physician engagement through AirView and now HME engagement through Brightree, there are many of those workflows that you can look to if you are removing costs from the front-end of patient engagement and the back-end of inventory management that there can be synergies in saving those costs for the HME provider. And so, we are working with all our customers who use both AirSolutions, Brightree and particularly those who use both to really help them garner those savings in their own operating costs to improve their own P&L and free up more of their own cash flow to then reinvest in better patient care and drive adherence rates up of the likes of what we've seen in the myAir study and the U-Sleep where we're able to achieve 80-plus percent adherence rates. That's a win for the patient obviously, but it's also a win for the physician getting the patient on therapy and the provider in terms of keeping that sleep apnea patient on good therapy and ongoing resupply.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. Since we launched the AirSense 10 and AirCurve 10 lines, every single sleep apnea non-invasive ventilation device that we've sold has communications capabilities in it and so we have more than 2 million of them – well over 2 million of them sending data to the cloud every day, so that if it's sent at 6:30 in the morning, we call it the halo, hour after last off, by 7:30 in the morning those data are available for the patient that they can review on myAir, for the doctor if they go see them at an 8 o'clock appointment on AirView and even for the government of Finland or United Blue Cross Blue Shield in terms of their population health management into their systems that very day.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks for the questions, Matt and I'll hand both of those, actually, over to Rob Douglas, our President and COO.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. What I would add on there is, if there is any cannibalization, it's cannibalization of some of the competitors' positions in full face and nasal. So we will not only keep going in the market as we are with Dr. Oz and reaching out to new patients in, but I think we'll be taking some good share in these categories as we launch this amazing new mask technology.
Michael J. Farrell: No, it was still up. We are not going to break it out in detail, but what I said earlier, I'll say again, which is the sleep market is growing mid-to-high single digits where the devices are growing mid-single digits, masks growing at high-single digits. We held share in our sleep devices.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Vic. With regard to mask growth, revenues and volume, we don't break out pricing delta. What we acknowledged in the prep remarks and I'll say again, we lost some share in masks in the quarter. If masks are growing at high-single digits in the U.S. market and we're growing 01, then we're losing some share. We're very confident with the new masks we are launching. Well, we are launching today, yesterday in Europe and over this quarter. We plan to launch them again in the U.S. and beyond in global markets that we will get back to not only strong market growth, but above market growth as I alluded to earlier. These are great masks that will move us up there. So we're seeing good market growth of mid-to-high single digits in masks and there's always price declines to play in there, so you've got low-double digit growth in volumes of masks in the market that really hasn't changed from Q4 to Q1. It's more about the product lifecycle of our two-year old masks and the brand new ones that are just coming to market.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Clearly we have a very large investment in the infrastructure with healthcare informatics and AirSolutions. There's a much more direct relationship between the informatics and the connected care and the value we provide to the device growth. We've seen that very strong for now, eight quarters since the launch of AirSolutions, AirSense 10 and AirCurve 10. There is a connection to masks. Clearly, it's often linked when you think about it all the way through to the ReSupply program. So we have ResMed ReSupply, we have Brightree Connect. We have a number of offerings in the U.S. market, a number of different offerings for customers in EMEA and APAC where the go-to-market models are different. We're engaging patients better than ever. Patients are signing up to understand things like myAir and as part of that we're absolutely contacting patients to let them know when it's time for a new mask and then to push them through the system. And, so I do think that – and different markets of the world there's different ways of doing that. You're going to see – as you look forward over FY 2017, 2018 and beyond, a lot more interplay not only between the informatics and device, informatics and masks but also informatics in chronic disease management, keeping these patients out of hospital and providing holistic value to the healthcare system by what we can do.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, Matt, look, I think the government has regularly looked at their spending in all parts of healthcare whether it's in pharma, in different areas of med-tech and clearly, this is something that is important to make sure that the government's money is invested well. There are 40 million to 60 million Americans who suffer from sleep apnea and we've only got 6 million of them who are suffocating – 6 million of them on therapy. We need to get to the other tens of millions and it needs to be done appropriately and economically. And we are partnering with every government where we do business to make sure that we can appropriately and economically diagnose and treat those patients and keep them out of the hospital care system because it's much less expensive to have a patient safely breathing at home than badly breathing and needing to visit the ICU or CCU.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah. Steve, it's Brett. I mean, yeah, that's pretty consistent with when we filed the 8-K, for example, on profitability ratios and, obviously, Brightree contributes to our gross margin there as well. Let's just say, we've got – I mean, it's consistent with our expectations. We're very pleased with how we're progressing and how Brightree is progressing. So I think that's good, probably, business there and it's definitely meeting our expectation.
Brett A. Sandercock: Sure. Yeah. So, I mean, even though the product mix continued to be unfavorable for us, it's certainly moderating. That headwind has definitely moderated in this quarter, which is good. And the other thing also on ASVs, which is a pretty big headwind, our ASVs returned to a growth trajectory, and that's helping us on the product mix piece of this. It's not a headwind now. The biggest component there, I think, that has been driving through on the margins being manufacturing and procurement and sort of really getting some traction on those cost-out programs that we've been running all the time, but it's becoming more evident because of that product mix moderating. So, that's sort of working through. As you know, the first 12 months we couldn't really work on it. We were really concentrating or focusing on just meeting demand. But as we've worked through the last 12 months, we've been really able to ratchet up that program and the team's done a great job just working through on the various cost-out programs, particularly for the platforms. And that's definitely now flowing through on the gross margin. And, I guess, the other one, obviously, the Brightree acquisition is a meaningful contributor as well. So, I mean, I guess, you're saying some of these headwinds are perhaps turning into tailwinds. So we're seeing that come through on the gross margin.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah. Maybe we try to look at that and try to factor that in. As you know on gross margin, it's always hard to predict because you've got ASP movements, FX, product mix, geographic mix, what we do in manufacturing and procurement. What happens with how the acquisitions go on and so on, so sort of pool that in. But, I guess we're getting kind of more confidence in the range there on the margin and certainly we saw some really good improvements on the margin in Q1. And clearly we look to build on those. But in terms of the product mix, to the extent that the mask growth accelerates, then we think these masks will be successful and we do think we'll get shares back with these masks and clearly that's going to be supportive of the gross margin. And then it just depends on relative mix of devices versus masks and so on. But it certainly is – the expectation is those new masks will be supportive of the gross margin. I mean, you'd have to think that.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. Matt, we've sort of broken down and given more details in terms of revenue but we haven't gone down line by line or segmentation out in terms of the acquisition. So at this discussion, we would prefer to keep it that way.
Brett A. Sandercock: I will say that, you know, I mean, you know that in the 8-K on Brightree, for example, which is the largest acquisition by far, the ratios are not inconsistent with historical, so that will give you at least a sense of it.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah. Chris, this is Brett. It would be that the Brightree contributed at the top of that range for this quarter.
Brett A. Sandercock: No, there's basically positive and negative, right, so it's going to be – in absolute terms it's going to be, as I said, on top of that range we said I think 70 to 100 and that's towards the top of that range in terms of basis point contribution. But then in case you have any impacts from ASP declines, you have negative impacts from product mix still flowing through. But we had good contributions, very strong contribution from manufacturing procurement improvements and then also Brightree. They're probably the kind of the four big elements that are playing out on the gross margins. So you can't – you've got kind of -it's a mix situation that you end up with.
Robert Andrew Douglas: Yes, thanks, Matt. Yes, the R&D increase largely has been around bringing the acquisitions in and the engineering work that we wanted to do make sure quality is right and really synchronizing the roadmaps and making sure everything is on track. We're committed to innovating in our industry and we see the R&D program sort of continuing apace. We've got a lot more things on our roadmaps than what we can actually do and a lot more plans and ideas and anything we can invest sensibly into the R&D program we will. On to your other question regarding Curative, you're asking about any differences from how the early integration program went? We're really encouraged with Curative and its position in the Chinese market. The whole Chinese economy has had some interesting developments and changes and things going on like anticorruption drives and stuff like that have made the market continue to be interesting. We still see a huge opportunity there just in terms of the number of untreated patients, both in obstructive sleep apnea and also in the number of untreated COPD patients in the standard of care there. We're making great progress on the integration program. We're very happy with the role of a few key players that we've got in China at the moment. We've got Justin Leong, who's sort of heading up our Asia Growth Markets Group and Jason Sun, who's remained as the CEO of the Curative subsidiary and together they are bringing together the team of Curative and ResMed and we're the major player in treating sleep disorder breathing and long-term ventilation in China and we've got lots of good plans to further develop that.
Robert Andrew Douglas: Yeah. These masks are really about comfort and feel and ease-of-use. Our early testing – all of our mask development programs are heavily involved with working with patients and trying ideas and working through, and it's sort of iterative, it keeps going. But we believe the F20 and the N20 have really superior seal and that they just don't leak, and that they're more comfortable and easy to use than earlier masks. To your question of cannibalization, the market will pull out as to what are the preferences, and people will have to develop their preferences over time for that, and so that will take some time to fallout. But we are extremely excited about the response that we've already had on these masks.
Robert Andrew Douglas: Yeah. So I'll just give a bit of background on it. We had a small number of reports of degraded battery performance. But there continue to be no adverse health effects from the degraded performance. And there are very clear mitigations for patients around it. But we felt it was the right thing to do to put out the field safety notice and alert ventilator-dependent patients and their carers about the issue, how they should mitigate the risks and where appropriate how to arrange for replacement batteries. It's a rolling replacement program. It is proceeding well, and we are communicating closely on an ongoing basis with the customers for this. We have to manage the patient population very, very carefully, of course, with this type of device. But the program is running along to plan at this stage.
