Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks Chris. Good afternoon and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us, and welcome to ResMed's second quarter fiscal year 2019 earnings call. The call is being webcast live and the replay along with a copy of the earnings press release and our updated investor presentation will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Joining me on the call today to discuss our results are Mick Farrell, our CEO; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion of the call after our prepared remarks. During today's call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures, please see the notes to the financial statements in today's earnings press release. And as a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions; however, actual results may differ. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks Brett. We will now turn to the Q&A portion of the call. I'd like to remind everyone to limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, please feel free to get back into the queue. Chris, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham: Sounds good. Thanks Mick. Thank you again, everyone, for joining us today. If you do have additional questions, please feel free to contact us directly. As mentioned at the beginning of the call, the webcast replay, along with the earnings release, and investor presentation will be available on the Investor Relations website. Chris, you may now close the call.
Michael Farrell: Yes, David, it's a really good question. So, as I said in the prep remarks, Propeller is really that missing puzzle piece. When you think about digital health for COPD, for lung disease, medical devices in total constitute about 15% of the total cost and 85% of the costs is in the pharmaceutical side. Now, clearly, we're not getting into the manufacturing or distribution of pharmaceuticals, but what Propeller does allow ResMed to do is to participate in the digital health that every time someone clicks and takes a puff on their inhaler, a sensor sends data to the cloud that either chronic or acute medicine has been taken for that COPD patient. So, this gets us to a digital health portfolio that covers all the way from Stage II lung disease through to Stage IV lung disease. And as we build and we've talked about building a digital health portfolio to -- the true aim here is to improve quality of life, keep patient in the home, especially out of the hospital, you need to be across that whole portfolio. So, we're just really excited. Propeller Health has relationships with GSK, with Boehringer Ingelheim, and they are working on all the major COPD pharmaceutical companies and forming partnerships with them. And ResMed brings to the party a number of things. We've have operated digital health at scale across our sleep business and we're going to do that here in respiratory care. We operate in 120 countries worldwide and have digital health in many, many countries worldwide, and we're going to help Propeller with that. And we're really supportive of the management team. They are very linked to ResMed's culture, which is focused on patient, keeping them out of hospital and improving care. So, as we look forward to Propeller over the coming a year, two or three, you're going to start to see ResMed create digital health solutions for COPD that are going to change and bend the cost curve of hospitals and healthcare systems, and particularly, for the patients themselves. And -- so we're really excited to have this part of the team.
Michael Farrell: Thanks Margaret, that's a good question. So, looking at our rest of the world market growth, I just want to make this point right up front. The patient growth in terms of the growth in both France and Japan and all the other countries we do business in, has been very good during this quarter and we expect be continued in strong growth as we look forward throughout FY 2019 and beyond. So, patient growth is really strong. We did have well above market growth in the last number of quarters as we had the digital health and connected health upgrades in France and Japan. And as we said last quarter and the quarter before on this call and in Q&A, we expect that that impact to change and then that's present in those numbers. So we're saying for the next few quarters, France and Japan will be slow for a couple of quarters and then we'll get back to market growth and then ahead of market growth through the fact that we now have an installed base of digital health devices out there that should drive greater adherence and therefore greater use of masks and accessories within France and Japan and beyond. So, in terms of the other -- during the quarter the growth in other markets outside France and Japan and U.S. and Canada, we saw excellent growth. We are not going to go through individually exactly what we saw in different countries in Western Europe and Asia-Pacific, but we saw really good underlying growth on the device and on the masks side. So, look we are very excited about our global growth in devices as we look forward not just rather fiscal year, but into next fiscal year.
Michael Farrell: Yes, we don't see it's going down. I mean look, we know the global growth in this market is in the mid to high-single digits. ResMed has never really excited that. As you saw over the last fiscal year or two, rest of the world market, we're driving digital market; country-by-country we've seen some great growth within those countries. So, what happened in France and Japan, we hope to happen to the other 120 countries we are working and where we get a chance to upgrade platforms towards a digital health side because it's a real step change for the industry. But no that mid to high single-digit global growth we expect to continue for the future and for ResMed to not just accept that, but to drive ahead of it. Brett was just explaining the investments in Verily. Well, that's about finding ways to identifying guidance people to bend that growth curve to a higher and higher grade, and we've got multiple investments, Sleep School Labs, Verily, and a number of other partnerships with payers, providers, even governments to drive that forward. So, Margaret in the global growth is in that mid to high-single-digits, but our goal just within sleep is to drive ahead of that. As we add on digital health and COPD and then you add on the Software-as-service-Side, can ResMed drive well above that market growth, absolutely, we have proven that over the last five years and we'll plan to do that as we go towards our 2025 strategy that I outlined in the prep remarks.
Michael Farrell: Yes. Thanks. That's a good question. Yes, clearly, the 63% growth for the quarter included organic and inorganic growth in those businesses. And we are now moving towards the point where Software-as-a-Service has become big enough to become a segment that we're going to talk about going forward. So, I'm happy to talk about it in a little more detail. So, yes, 63% growth for the quarter, including Brightree along with HEALTHCAREfirst, MatrixCare, and Apacheta. So, very solid growth. Within each of those businesses, they had different organic growth profiles. Without going into very, very low levels of detail, the Brightree core business grew in that sort of mid to high single-digits area and obviously with the Brightree management team. We had a Board meeting earlier, this week and we are looking throughout the next four, six, eight quarters and they have a very strong path way back to double-digit growth of their business, leveraging the Apacheta technology, but also some really innovative solutions. They have a new apps for patients that they lines around the conference call with MedTrade and some of these improvements lead to incredible benefit for our home medical equipment customers and therefore allow Brightree to grow not only their share, but their share of accounts within that share. So, I see really a good profile of double-digit growth across our Software-as-a-Service platform on an organic basis as we look forward over the coming fiscal years. 
Michael Farrell: Yes. Sure. Yes, clearly, that 63% number is inorganic and organic. Anthony, we don't give detailed guidance across our home businesses. So, therefore, we are not going to give detailed guidance within that sector. But as you're thinking sort of across and modeling out that portfolio, it's going to be solid double-digit growth in that Software-as-a-Service entity throughout the coming four quarters. And then as you get to an organic basis and you look at just very solid double-digit and very high margin growth from new additions like MatrixCare, I think you can model out a very strong growth of that whole portfolio. And our goal is actually not just to have these businesses managed as they are, which are great separate entities growing well organically. But some of the best benefits are going to come from interoperability of people moving from care setting to care setting and that we'll be able to get benefit from customers who have people who are in the skilled nursing facilities then move to home health and hospice and back and forth. And so we don't expect to just have these entities manage good individual double-digit growth, high-margin growth businesses, but something that ResMed managing now is strategic, the biggest portfolio of out-of-hospital software that we will be able to grow across that portfolio. We've got really strong plans as I outlined towards our 2025 strategy to be the global leader in there.
Michael Farrell: So, Joanne, market growth is mid to high single-digits, right, for the global sleep apnea business and so we don't split that out country-by-country, but we do sort of talk about the devices side towards the mid-single-digits part and the masks side as towards that high single-digit part. And that's market growth, if you just wait for these patients to show up at a doctor's clinic or a sleep lab. As you know, Joanne, you've been following us for a number of years; we're investing very heavily in geographies for identification, engagement, and enrollment. Not just through our new partnerships, but through our awareness programs and driving patients in. And so we plan to beat that in every country we're in, but market growth is in that mid to high single-digits if you just wait for the patients to show up.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Andrew. So, look, we launched Mobi, a full product launch, really excited about the business. Rob, do you want to talk a little about -- Rob, our COO.
Michael Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question, Craig. And yes, every geography is different in the speed and rate at which the product is approved and released passed on to distributors, presented to patients, doctors, and the whole ecosystem. And so in the U.S., it tends to be a little faster. So, we literally just launched a product, I think you're talking about the N30i. That press release went out this week. So, we just launched that within the U.S. And so that has had zero traction in the other countries around the world. It's just out. And so we'll start to see that pick up over time in terms of a material impact on ResMed over the coming quarters. But you'd expect to see, in the U.S., some early payers on that. I think when you said existing mask; maybe you're referring to the N20 and F20 masks that I also talked about in my prep remarks. Yes, they are available globally and have had traction. And they led to -- contributed to that 10% global growth within the masks category that we saw on a constant currency basis. It was 11% within U.S., Canada, and Latin America. It was also a very strong 8% within the other markets, but you don't have every country in the world at full speed on the N20, the F20, and the F30 as yet. They launched and they're driving up in those markets, but it's progressing at scale as they get introduced to distributors, to doctors and to the market. So, look, the way I'd summarize it there, Craig, is that there's a long runway ahead for our growth in markets outside the U.S., Canada, and Latin America and also along growth within those geographies for different reasons and a different, sort of, flap speeds.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Chris. And so what we expected last quarter -- so you show modules, so I think during the last quarter we were at MedTrade and so we were showing models to people. They get experience with them. They've got to be adopted by the respiratory therapist. They've got to be adopted by the doctors. If it's on the GoScript side, they've got to be adopted by patients for this new app that we have for patients. And so it's not an immediate effect. And so if you introduce a product this quarter, you don't get an immediate bump next quarter. This is a monthly recurring revenue, quarterly recurring revenue business. So, it's -- once you have a customer, it's very easy to keep them. Once you have a new product, you've got to take time to get customers to adopt it. And so there's an adoption cycle there. So, what I said earlier in the prep remarks and in previous questions is that, I think, to get from that, sort of, single-digits back to strong double-digit growth within Core Brightree business is something that the team has a plan. And they're going to execute to it and I have a strong confidence in it. I'm not saying March 31st is the day that'll happen, but December 31st, absolutely, we'll start to see those products be adopted and put through there. So, it's sort of the speed at which these things get adopted in Software-as-a-Service isn't a 90-day cycle. It's more a 180 or 365-day cycle. And then you increase the users, the number of users and you increase the cost per user, and the revenue comes along with that. But it all comes with the value of those products. And the reason it's a long sales cycle is you've got to get the solution in there. You've got to prove the value to customers and then they have to increase the number of users and grow their share. So, it's maybe a longer cycle than if you thought we were talking about a 90-day turn for a new product. It's more on the 180, 360-day term.
Michael Farrell: Yes, thanks for the questions, Suraj. Yes, clearly, we've invested, including Brightree and MatrixCare line, $1.5 billion of investment into our Software-as-a-Service vertical and we're actually really excited about that. The acquisition is driven by three things. Number one is our strategy to be the world leader in digital health in sleep apnea and in digital health for COPD and in out-of-hospital software, and to be the best at all those. As I said actually at JPMorgan earlier this month and have continued to talk about, as we launch our 2025 strategy, I think we've assembled a very strong portfolio of out-of-hospital software assets. And so we do plan to drive more integration, leverage, and interoperability to provide great value to customers in that out-of-hospital space to grow that business. So, we're really excited about the growth of that business. What you didn't mention is the Propeller investment, which actually isn't in that software side, but it's in the digital health of COPD side. If you're the CEO of hospital or you are the Health Minister looking at your top five diseases, COPD is number one, two or three in the chronic diseases you need to address. And so I think that is a strategic investment that Propeller is not providing immediate revenue right there, working on their revenue models with the pharmaceutical companies and establishing what those are in terms of driving adherence to those medications. But the outcome that could happen to global healthcare systems and the savings we could have is absolutely dramatic. And so we don't just look at it on a financial basis to say, okay, we invested $1.5 billion, that's enough. We'll get the return on that. We say, have we built the world's best digital health solution for sleep apnea? Yes. Let's keep driving that and keep growing that. Can we build the world's best digital health solution for COPD with Propeller in our core ventilation cloud connected assets? Yes. So, Richie and his team is going to execute on that. And can we, in the Software-as-a-Service side, be able to have the world's -- at least for now, the U.S. is best system, software system for out-of-hospital software care? Yes. And so we're driving growth on that. We are going to get a strong financial return from those. And I think you've seen that over the last three years. With Brightree, we've done well, and we've got a position to grow that Core growth back. We're going to even add on to that with MatrixCare and with Propeller and with Apacheta.
Michael Farrell: So, I'll hand to Rob to talk about the functionality of Apacheta within -- and how it drives Core Brightree growth. And then, Brett, you can maybe answer the other part of David's question.
Michael Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question Sean. And yes, the new U.S. bid rates in there and they actually had a Consumer Price Index increase, the couple of percentage points for our customers, which is really good relief for our U.S. customers after a number of years of different interactions with CMS. Look, the pricing environment is incredibly steady. It's in a very steady and stable environment. We are working with our large, small, regional, and mom-and-pop customers. Having solutions like Brightree and working with our customers on scalable solutions to contact their patients, to deliver to their patients, and to manage their businesses, I think we've been able to, as an industry, take a lot of cost out of the delivery of sleep apnea and COPD therapy within U.S. geography. And therefore, we've been able to have a much steadier pricing environment this last year or two than the year or two maybe before that. And as we look forward, we expect that to continue or even get slightly better with, for the first time, in a decade, really, price increases for consumer price index within the CMS space.
Michael Farrell: Great. Well, thanks, Chris and thanks to our global team, 6,500 ResMedians, who sometimes listen to this call as well as our investors. You guys have been helping people with digital health solutions for sleep apnea, COPD, and out-of-hospital healthcare that has just changed the market and we look forward to continuing to do that. We'll talk with you again in 90 days and I'll hand back to Amy.
Brett Sandercock: Sure Steve. I mean FX for the quarter year-on-year was not -- was pretty small, it's probably in the range of 20 basis points. I'm going to call that MatrixCare and the other kind of contributed equally meaningful will be manufacturing efficiencies and also favorable product mix. So, we're starting to see that come through particularly with our performance in masks. So, that's certainly helping. On the manufacturing pharm efficiencies, procurement, and so on, I think things are improving kind of cycle-times and production efficiencies over time, but I think we're also benefiting now from pretty good volumes coming through and pretty good recoveries on the production side of things, incremental volumes kind of hitting up to Singapore as well and we're getting some scale benefits there. The combination of those factors I think are leading to some good manufacturing efficiencies that have been flowing through over the last few quarters.
Brett Sandercock: So, currently where we are in terms of euro, if I look forward and just look at it sequentially, I think we still get a small benefit; it's probably only going to 10 to 20 basis point mark unless you saw obviously waiting from wherever at. The currency wherever they are now, I would estimate probably sort of 10 to 20 basis points tailwind for us sequentially.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Sure. That's our Verily joint venture. So, we need to take out in terms of debt accounting losses associated with debt equity. For this quarter, it was $3.4 million and I estimate for the next few quarters, I would say, Q3 and Q4, that will be around $7 million per quarter.
Brett Sandercock: The JV at the moment is thing about more of a kind of a startup phase if you like. So, it will be kind of expenses that are coming through initially. Obviously, that JV was quite pretty high, I guess, in terms of what it can do; particularly being able to, let's call it, the $936 million patients out there. I think about it is as being able to identify with those, information is engaged with those patients, many of those patients on therapy. So, kind of think about it like that as pretty big opportunities there, but at this stage, the JV is exploring those and obviously, they will pay some money to do that initially. Yes, ultimately, we expect that to turnaround for sure.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, sure. Yes, so, I mean, we wouldn't flag it across the whole portfolio, Gretel, but we, obviously, we've been in quite a bit in the SaaS area as well and R&D there. And if you look at the guidance where I push that R&D as a percentage of revenue, it's going up a little bit. That really reflects the acquisition and reflects really the percentage of revenue. Typically the SaaS businesses would spend more on R&D as a percentage of revenue. So, I did that to take the guidance to reflect that.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, I mean, it's a kind of a classic within the SaaS business on that stage. So, it's pretty deminimus at the moment, but I think the real attraction for us is the capability enhancement for the Brightree offerings and really being able to run that kind of capability, let's call it module, through Brightree's potential customer base and existing customer base. So, I think from those classic assets, it's worth much more in our hands rather than standalone. So, we think, yes, a really good type of technology capability acquisition for us. But in terms of revenue profit, it'd be pretty deminimus at the moment.
