Agnes Lee: Thank you, Larissa, and thank you for attending ResMed’s live webcast today. Joining me on the call today are Mick Farrell, our Chief Executive Officer; and Brett Sandercock, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it could be found on our website at investor.resmed.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy, and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in filings made by ResMed with the SEC. I will now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
Agnes Lee: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn the call over to Q&A, and we ask that everyone remember to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question please. If you have additional questions after that, please get back into the queue. Larissa, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee: So this concludes our first quarter earnings live webcast. If there’s any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website at resmed.com. Thank you again for joining us today. Larissa, you can close the call now.
Margaret Kaczor – William Blair: Good afternoon, guys. So first for us, can you talk a little bit about how quickly the DMEs are responding to the new product features of the AirSense and that connectivity capability? Is it making the sales cycle longer? A little bit more detail there.
Margaret Kaczor – William Blair: Okay. So maybe they are a little bit longer and so that can start to accelerate and take more shares as we go on throughout the year. But the (indiscernible) go ahead, sorry.
Margaret Kaczor – William Blair: Got it. And then how much of the growth this quarter beyond the AirSense launch do you think was actually kind of the delayed sales from the man previous quarter that maybe got pushed into this quarter? Thank you.
James Hollingshead: Yeah, sure I would you say a couple of things, Margaret. It’s not cycle devices are doing very, very well. The device is a fantastic device. It’s small. It’s quiet. It’s very easy to set up, etcetera. But there is a sales cycle associated with then using the wide and growing range of solutions from a business process flow point of view for our customers. So the device is selling extremely well and we’re in more and more conversations about how they can take our software solutions and embed those into their business process.
James Hollingshead: I just clarified. It’s not taking longer. The devices are selling very well. What then is happening is when then is we are engaged in deeper conversations about using the device to its full effect along with our solutions. So there is some kind associated with that some kind associated with that conversation, and it is almost a solutions consultant conversation that comes on the backend. So the device sales have not slowed down at all. It’s how they apply the solutions into their business that can take some time for them to embed and that part of it is what makes this so sticky.
James Hollingshead: Yeah. David, I would say we haven’t seen anything unusual this quarter, and I think for a long time our sales have been – in the quarter have been sort of backend weighted. But we didn’t see anything substantially different this quarter as we have over the past several periods.
Brett A. Sandercock: No, I think that’s right, Mick. It would be hard to really know, if there was an impact what that impact would be. Certainly though when you look at AirSense and how it’s gone the first two months, it’s gone very well. But yes, I don’t think we have tease out that impact.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes, sure, Steve. Yes, if you look at our margin sequentially through Q4 to Q1, there was a currency headwind. It was around 50 basis points. So that certainly did impact our gross margin when you looked at it sequentially. If you look forward Q1 to Q2, we certainly have a headwind from the weaker euro, which is impacting revenues and then margin. If you look at that – I think, we that, we get a small headwind, it will probably I suspect be around the 40 basis point marks for that. As you know, the only dollar benefit tends to lag by a quarter or so. So more of that benefit would then flow through into Q3, we are infecting Q3; I think on a sequential basis, we get some more upside from currency because of the weaker Aussie. So that sort of plays out like that
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes, that would be on the product side, Dave, and it’s really that as you saw the kind of flow generator growth relative to the mask growth was the big driver there.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah, that would be. Yes, these are around some modest increases in working capital on a relative basis. The receivables DSOs is little higher, and probably the other driver there would be some inventory build as well. So they are playing out with a modest increase in working capital, which has lowered cash flow a little bit. Having said that, I still think the $86.5 million is still pretty strong cash.
Brett A. Sandercock: Actually, Andrew, it was pretty much flat. No actual impact year on year this quarter.Andrew Hanover – BMO Capital Markets: Great. And then as it relates to flow generators, flow generators were up 12% quarter in the quarter and in the fourth quarter of last year, they were up 1%. I was just trying to understand how we think about demand for the remainder of the year, and thanks for taking our questions.
Brett A. Sandercock: Well, the trends on that on the flow gens are probably – probably like Mick talk about it, it is not something we give out in any sort of detailed guidance or anything.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks, Andrew, and good that your phone is working now. The bi-level products which we which we are calling the are calling the AirCurve 10, we did show at the Medtrade conference earlier this week in our U.S. market, and we will launch the AirCurve 10 before the end of the calendar year. So they are out there in the public environment. Given the competitive environment, we are not going to give the date or the level of inventory that we have or do not have of AirCurve 10 within our factories or our distribution warehouse. So it just doesn’t make sense to go into that level of detail. But I can tell you, I’ll stand behind what we showed at the conference and what we said at the AirCurve 10 will provide fantastic value. It will be part of the Air Solutions ecosystem, and we look forward to launching it in our U.S. market before the end of the calendar year.
Michael J. Farrell: You know, Andrew, given that we will be launching the AirCurve 10 within three months of the AirSense 10, we don’t expect any dramatic holdovers on the bi-levels like we had from the S8 to S9 or the S9 to S9 bi-level timings. As you remember, those were more of the order of 24 months and 36 months respectively. So, we are talking three months. Any impact may have happened in Q1 where we had the Airsense 10 products and the CPAPs and APAPs but not the bi-levels. The bi-levels were still on the S9 platform. But we think it’s relatively de-minimums, and we think going forward that the full value proposition we will have by the end of Q2 will be in the market, and we shouldn’t be materially affected by that.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks, David. Yeah I will mention three things and then maybe hand Don Darkin, President of our SDB business, to talk after that. First point, we saw volume growth in the quarter sequentially increase, and we expect that to continue as we ramp up. So we saw a sequential increase in volume from Q4 to Q1. Masks were down. Second quarter masks were down in Q1 on a year-on-year basis due to the lower prices that were washing through from the sort of January to March 2014 quarter that will happen January to March 2015 quarter. And so we are still expecting that to wash through on that time horizon. But the third point is we have seen really good traction of the AirFit range from the P10, which I personally wear and have been for a number of months, the N10 and the F10 and the growing share sequentially and the anecdotal feedback from customers is they really like those masks. So I think that augers well for us as we look to future volume growth and then future revenue growth as we look to our end of Q3 and Q4.
Michael J. Farrell: I’d actually say we took share, David, from Q4 to Q1 on a sequential basis and that the year-on-year numbers you are looking at obviously we are watching through the price changes that have happened there. So that’s how I’d nuance that.
Michael J. Farrell: Saul, that’s a great question and actually leads into something I had in the prepared remarks, but COPD and heart failure together are two of the top readmission disease states for hospitals CEOs and CFOs as they look at this in the U.S. And yes, currently it’s around a 30-day readmission cycle. And the penalties are significant and they go across the whole Medicare CMS reimbursement for that hospital. So this is real money that you’re looking at. You have to be above the million, above the 50% mark for hospitals across the United States to not get a penalty. So it’s a competitive game that gets more competitive as everyone gets better. We are certainly partnering with our hospital customers and our DME providers to make sure there is a strong hospital to home transition for those patients with COPD. The opportunity is twofold. It goes beyond just bilevel. The opportunity is our VPAP COPD, which is the bilevel noninvasive ventilation device and it’s also for the Astral for the Astral, which is a life support ventilation device that can be used for both COPD and neuromuscular disease patients. So there’s a right solution for the right patient at the right time that the hospital and the HME provider can get. And so we are partnering with discharge planners and hospital systems across the country. And frankly in the new world of ACOs, accountable care organizations, where hospitals and primary care now share per member per month budgets, we think the time is right to move we think the time is right to move on this, and we should see progress on this over the coming quarters and fiscal year because this is a long development cycle but again has stickiness as you look to that long term.
Michael J. Farrell: Well, that’s a great question, David, and I will hand the second part of Don Darkin, the President of our SDB business. But the informatics investment is a major one for us. As you can see with Air Solutions, which comprises both AirView, which is the combination of our EasyCare online, well as U-Sleep, as well as now myAir. You’ve variety of applications that are primarily cloud based and can interface with HME providers, hospitals and also with U-Sleep to coach patients. These are major investments, and the way in which this connects through to revenue is that as for instance take one of the plays in the channel, an HME provider realizes they can save non-reimbursed costs by drive outs, pickups and no-fault balance with devices, they will want to adopt this new technology. And as they see its capabilities on that front, they will realize the value that they value that they get is far above the price that we are charging them for access to data points. And for us, taking weight out of the system and providing investment to get some return from that is also a positive economic argument. So it works for us, and it works for our HME providers. If you take another example the Epic hospital integrations with Fairview, not only is the HME providers that are involved there getting the benefit of reducing non-reimbursed costs, but the hospital system that is looking to manage say the COPD readmits or say their accountable care organization, total economic or total cost of ownership or total patient management approach, they can find both a clinical and economic value out of that And that should for us lead to more share and more stickiness with those hospitals, HME providers, patients throughout the value chain. Don, anything to add beyond that regarding our healthcare informatics investments and any connection to revenue.
Michael J. Farrell: No Bruce. We’ve always say that the final patient the power around the study. It’s an even driven trial so, we don’t know the exact date but the based on the power analysis and the even rate, that we have predicted the formal patient should hit the two year mark from initial setup some time in 2015. Then the primary investigators have to collect the data, analyze the data, create a peer view publication, go through the peer view prices and then get published so that they can present it ACC or HFSA or AHA. And so that process will result in a first publication and presentation sometime in calendar year 2016. I’d like to make the point, that there will be multiple publications that come from this study. And this is just the first publication that we think it will be a seminal one. That’ll come out during calendar year 2016.
Michael J. Farrell: So there will be a slower ramp up of the Astral product in the U.S. market. These of the our European market, because in Europe we played in home life support ventilation for the last seven years. Since our (inaudible) longer than eight years since our acquisition of Saime. In the U.S. market, we are developing our channel with our risk free account managers and interfaces between them in our territory mangers in through our U.S. channel. I can tell you, we’ve been ramping up that team over the last 6 to 12 months. We trained them very well at the America’s sales meeting a couple of months ago and they will be and they will be and are talking to customers on a day-to-day basis already in the market. The customers have used a similar product from competing companies and so there are number of HME providers who are well versed in using home life support ventilation. So the customer education is not the issue and the customer is actually would like other supplies based on our initial conversations and we think that the value we provide with the lower total cost of ownership, increased freedom for patients, increased ease-of-use and increased maintenance and capability of these devices for both the patient and the provider that there’s a very good value proposition. But if you like, there will be a faster ramp-up of the S-curve of penetration in western Europe versus for the United States. Use of the Americas. In Canada and Latin America, the ramp will be faster more home ventilation supported markets there where we’ve been selling products already from our existing portfolio there.
Michael J. Farrell: So I’ll take the first take the first half of that question, Andrew, and then I’ll hand the second half of it to Jim to talk about the readiness. Our sales teams globally are very ready for Astro and particularly in France, Germany, and the UK all of the Nordics in many countries in Asia, including Japan, are not limited to it. The teams are very well versed in life support ventilation and home ventilation, and we have an existing number one or number two market share in home ventilation in most of western Europe. So I believe the skids are greased for those country markets. Similarly for Canada and Brazil within the Americas. Within the United States, we are ramping up that team as I discussed. Jim, do you want to add any further detail to that ramp-up to answer Andrew’s question.
Michael J. Farrell: The demand for the rest of the year?Andrew Hanover – BMO Capital Markets: Trend for the rest of the year, just so we get a good understanding.
Michael J. Farrell: Now, Brett, you’re right. We’re not going to go into detailed guidance on that. Next question, please.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, Ian, we have different models in all the different countries we are in, and we adjust it based upon the needs within those countries. So we sell or distribute within 100 countries, and there are very different models in all of them. For the vast majority of our revenues, we partner with home care providers and HME providers such as in the U.S. and France and in markets where there aren’t government reimbursement. In others we have different models that apply. Our goal in all this from a strategic perspective is to think about the best needs for the health care system and the best needs for the patient and the best needs for everyone in the value chain. And what we’re finding is that the solutions that we can bring to the market have applicability in each of those different country areas. And so I think Rob described it really well earlier that we customize our value prop from a platform that’s flexible country by country, region by region, and frankly even within country reimbursement group by reimbursement group.
Michael J. Farrell: So, Ian, we don’t have knowledge to that level of granularity to know at the patient level who is getting the new device set up. Certainly within our U.S. environment, the HME providers that have started to order and use the AirSense 10 have been very pleased and delighted with the product. Its ease of setup. It’s small. It’s quiet. It’s all integrated. There’s no SKUs to manage, so we’re seeing great benefit from that. On the patient side, there are a lot of patient benefits about being small and quiet and comfortable and having the ability to seamlessly have their data shared with their doctor so that they don’t have to drive in for doctor visits. I think a particular aspect of patient engagement that’s important is a product that may not have hit much on your radar, but it’s called myAir. It’s a patient engagement solution that allows patients to directly interact with their data. We have a system called HALO, which is an acronym that stands for Hour After Last Off. So when the patient takes off the mask, let’s say, it’s 6:30 AM, by 7:30 AM their data is available in the cloud and then the HME provider, or the doctor, when they turn up at their office, can have those data in virtually real-time. Similarly, if the HME provider and the patient think it makes sense, the patient can go on their own app on myAir and see their own data. And there can be coaching, there can be feedback, and taking away non-reimbursed costs for the HME provider and potentially improving outcomes and certainly reducing costs for the channel within that system. So we think there are so many advantages of the Air Solutions platform for patients that it will be very engaging. But given we are only two months in, it’s hard to really piece out what is channel demand from HME providers, channel demand from physicians who like features such as the AutoSet for Her, which is an algorithm specifically designed for women or features that, as you indicated, our patients may like myAir.
Michael J. Farrell: David, we have some data that we presented at the American Thoracic Society conference in May this year, and it’s related to the AirSense 10’s automated informatics capability. And it was a presentation about a technology called U-Sleep, which an HME provider can use, and it provides information via email, text or even interactive voice response. So direct voice to patients that coaches them through the sort of 3-, 7-, 14-, 30-day process and beyond to 365 days and beyond them. And those data from that presentation showed that the costs for an HME can be reduced by up to 59%. That’s 59%. And the adherence had a trend to improvement that went from 73% adherence to 83% adherence. And that may not sound like a whole lot, but 10 percentage points improvement of adherence for a payer system that’s managing a portfolio of patients or an HME provider that’s looking at costs in a tough P&L environment for them could be quite a material contributor to the savings of both those groups. And more importantly for the patients themselves, it means they’re going to stick to this therapy, which is going to help them improve their long-term outcomes. So we think in terms of color for the AirSense 10 that the improvements are quantifiable, and our customers will start to see them and quantify them in their own way with their own systems as it rolls out over the coming quarters and months and years.
Michael J. Farrell: David, thanks for the question. I’ll hand that one to Jim, and I think it’s the end of our Q&A after that.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks, Larissa. I’d like to thank the more than 4,000 strong ResMed teams from around the world for their contribution to our recent product launches. Your innovative engineering solutions are changing the game for customers in over 100 countries, helping them improve patient quality of life, helping them reduce the cost burden of chronic disease and helping them improve the delivery of respiratory health care. We remain focused on changing the lives of millions of patients with every breath. Thank you and we’ll talk to you again in 90 days.
