Agnes Lee: Thank you, Marianna, and thank you for attending ResMed’s live webcast. Joining me on the call today are Mick Farrell, our CEO, and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release it can be found on our website at investors.resmed.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy, integration of acquisitions and performance. We believe that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially, are in the forward-looking statements detailed in filings made by ResMed with the Security and Exchange Commission. I will now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
Agnes Lee: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to Q&A and we ask that everyone limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions after that, please get back into the queue. Mariana, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee: Thank you everyone for joining us today. If there’s any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available on our website at investor.resmed.com. Marianna, you may now close the call.
Robert Douglas: I said, regarding the rest of the world rollout, the volumes in the U.S. are much larger than elsewhere in the world and we really don’t see a big impact on the rest of the world rollout, that will continue slow and steady progress as we reported previously.
Robert Douglas: Yes, so Margaret, the factors driving the international sales are similar to the ones driving the U.S. sales, just that the sort of the ramp has been different as the take out from the whole process of explaining AirView and getting the myAir going is a longer process. Then the other really significant thing in the rest of the world data, outside of the U.S. data is China had a big impact, and so we had a very strong quarter in China, really related to the teams getting together and our integration plan going really well. And the team all pulling together focusing on new channels, really getting the sleep business and also really driving our respiratory care business in China. And then of course you know the Q2 is sort of like the end of year in China, is traditionally a strong quarter for us.
Robert Douglas: We don’t really break it out, but as I said before the value proposition around AirView and the connectivity is the same in European countries as it is in the U.S. It's just that some sort of the dynamics of how people understand the value and create the value is different and it takes -- has taken more time to build that up. In particular, in France, we had talk about, there was some legislation or some rules supporting that that was going to effectively create a differential reimbursement. So there was more reimbursement, the devices that were monitored wirelessly. And that was then knocked out in a court case, but subsequently that rule has been reversed and we’re expecting sometime this year to see it become the norm that there will be that differential back in the French business and that, for example, in that one country, of all those many countries would help drive volume. Other than that, we continue to see the volume increases going on, the take up of myAir is strong and we continue to see that patients in Europe are very interested in getting their own data and using that to help their treatment and help improve their own health outcomes.
Robert Douglas: Any new product sold has new tooling and new things to learn about it and really new fine tuning to do on the process and it's really just a matter of mixing that fine tuning and matching that fine turning and process building, plus capacity building, which is predominantly driven by tooling and supply chain management. Matching that with the take up of demand and we should see that sort of match up as we said earlier through the quarter.
Brett Sandercock: No, that’s really the ongoing legal expenses Dave, I mean, we're into, obviously, legal action with S&P, so that's not inexpensive.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Just on -- that was really truly that the gross margin year-on-year that kind of ASP product mix is probably the biggest one year-on-year, we’re still seeing, well we’re seeing that really strong device growth continuing and unfavorable FX impacts was quite a bit too. If you just look at it sequentially, Joanne, it was 60 basis points, but we had unfavorable FX of 40 basis points. So it was -- that was probably the drivers you look at on a sequential basis.
Brett Sandercock: No, everyone thinks you've articulated it pretty well. I guess we try to take it all into account as best as we can and so we're still looking at the guidance of 58% to 60% and then it’s just contingent on how the product meets geographic mix, FX plays out during the quarter.
Brett Sandercock: So, we've had -- I mean -- I think Q2 [ph] cash flow around 120 million was quite good and we just had some sort of modest working capital gain. So that was pretty good. If you look at comparing it to the prior year, I guess we're kind of -- working capital was definitely moving in our favor and we pushed that down quite a bit, so we're generating some big cash flow last year. But I'm still -- Q1 was a little low, it was quite happy with Q2, actually that cash flow ran 120 million, and you might -- we thought new product flow and so that we need to sort of catch up with -- and you might say that you're a little bit, but I still think overall working capital probably just a modest increase that we'll see.
Brett Sandercock: So, I'm not sure on that. Sequentially -- if you look at this sequentially, we're at Q1 was 58.9 and this quarter was 58.3. I mentioned before unfavorable effects impacts around 40 basis points, a little high then what we expected with kind of deterioration in euro really through the quarter. I mean I guess the rest was pretty benign if you looked at it sequentially. If you look at it year-on-year which is up a tad from 58.1 up to 58.3 --.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, so excluding that we've got. Yes, I mean the bigger impact there is on product mix and we're still seeing really strong device growth. I think as we go forward and we get some improvements in mask growth with the new products and so on, then you'll see that impact moderate, but at the moment it's still a headwind for us, so that's kind of if you like kind of offsetting this to large extent on the Brightree. And had typical ASP decline and there was FX also year-over-year which was unfavorable, but as we mentioned earlier in manufacturing procurements so on, we've driven that and we've got efficiency there as well, which more than offsets those other elements.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Andrew. Well both the N20, which is mask, and F20, which is the full face mask are doing very well. They both have the Infinity Seal technology this year, single-layer technology that provides excellent fit and moment for patients, I personally wear a CPAP mask and the N20 is particularly comfortable for me, but those products are going very well and doing well in the U.S. market and that’s what got us to the sequential uptick in the U.S. mask growth and we expect to, as we go through Q3 and Q4 and pick our production up to continue to grow quite strongly there and to turn back to a positive growth in EMEA and APAC.
Mick Farrell: Yes, certainly as the DME or HME home care providers, as we call them in Europe start to see this product, that fit range, fitting 97% to 99% of the patients that walk through the clinic has just been a real winning value proposition for the respiratory technicians. The N20 is the go to mask for nasal now for them. And the F20, we believe is a go to mask for them on full-face, and its early days in the rollout, the U.S. team got this at the weak of Thanksgiving, they’ve really only had half a quarter and one with the bunches of Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays, but we do expect as we look for Q3 and looks to Q4 and start to ramp the production up, that’ll be a slow steady gradual increase in both the U.S. and in other regions through Q3, Q4 and of course beyond FY2018. These technologies have a lot of legs.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question Margaret, it's Mick here. So we did have very strong growth in devices in the Americas, it's 13% on a constant currency basis. We think that was primarily fueled by AirSolutions, the portfolio of AirView and myAir capabilities to lower the labor costs for setting up a CPAP by 50%, 60% for a home care provider. Also the ability for engagement apps like myAir to drive adherence from previous industry standards of 50%, 60% up to 80%, 87% in some of the data that we have talked about publically. So we think all that comes together to drive good sustainable growth and that does of course include some of the growth in the respiratory care line, our Astral ventilation, our life support ventilation line. Look we talk in terms of the industry growing in the mid to high single digits. Clearly, we were taking some share in devices in this quarter and you know as we look forward we'd expect to see you know good mid to high single digit growth of the industry and we'd like to lead or beat that and clearly we beat that this quarter.
Mick Farrell: The only thing I'd add to that, Rob, which I think is really good is that ASV turned from the post survey check where it was a headwind into a tailwind again. And so we're starting to see growth in ASV, not just in complex sleep apnea and central sleep apnea, but the pain management and in the U.S. in the PTSD category. So all that together, Margaret, is sort of what's one of the tailwinds driving those strong device numbers.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Matthew I think it was really about good execution. The value proposition of AirSolutions has shown itself to be very sustainable. It's a sustainable compelling value proposition for customers. When you're reducing the costs of therapy setup by 50% or 60%, it's just embedded -- becomes embedded into the work flow and just how our home care provider partners like to work, they like to work with the cloud-based system. They like to work with one that's lower costs and drives adherence. And so as Rob said there was some sort of good acceleration in China and some good sales of our China team running through the tape. But then globally we're seeing the AirSolutions platform have a really good impact and Astral as it comes into play and is now part of the cloud-based or cloud connected system, is getting some good traction as well. And then the third factor is ASV, the Adaptive-Servo Ventilation technology coming to a tailwind. So all that together has provided strong flow generator growth and we expect strong growth to continue. And obviously the rates will be what they'll be, but mid-single digits -- mid to high single-digits is what we see the market going at and again we'd like to meet or beat that.
Mick Farrell: Sean, we don't talk about future pipelines to a great extent. We did open up a little bit on this call about the ResMed AirMini, the world's smallest travel seat CPAP that we got FDA clearance on, that was a public FDA clearance, but we won't be talking about the pipeline of future masks. But thank you for the question.
Mick Farrell: Will, I think you're referring to something maybe 18 plus months ago, where they were some changes around competitive bidding round two. So 18 almost, 24 months ago [Multiple Speakers] when there were some resets.
Mick Farrell: So, okay. Well if it’s related to that they know that what we’ve being saying, which is the reality around the competitive bidding round three and round three national expansions, and the rebids going on now is that it’s pretty steady pricing picture, in fact no step change at all. Industry normal price changes year-on-year in a steady pricing environment. Obviously, we’re seeing a lot of competition amongst the innovation. Innovation in the masks and innovation in the cloud connectivity and connected care side. So intend complication for us and our competitors in masks and digital offerings. But in terms of price it’s been a very steady environment last four, eight, plus quarters.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question Mike. The current travel PAP is a very small niche segment and what our goal at ResMed as the global leader in sleep apnea therapy is to bring the world’s smallest, the world's most comfortable, the world’s quietest and most engaging travel CPAP to the market. And so we think we will actually expand on what is currently a very small travel CPAP niche and create a sizable segment of travel CPAP users that are willing to pay retail cash and work with our home care provides who access those products and really make it as part of their care so that you can have the same experience when you’re traveling around the country, around the world as you do at home. So that’s the goal of the ResMed AirMini and as we launch that between now and June 30, you'll see us talk about how we're going to drive awareness, create that niche and make sure that patients the world over have the opportunity to have ResMed therapy with them wherever they are.
Mick Farrell: I’ll take that. Matt, I’d say we’re pretty much on schedule for that sort of 18 months, I'd get it to, where we think ResMed's quality and functionality should be. Look the Activox product is a great POC. It’s light and very portable. But it can improve in some areas and we’re really working on the improvement of those areas in terms of oxygen delivery and sustainability of that over the many months that they’re out there helping patients get freedom back. And so I’d say, I don’t track and we’re looking forward to gradually ramping that Inova product out there. And as we said in the prepared remarks earlier adding communication capability onto that and pulling it as part of the whole AirSolutions portfolio, we think we’ll allow home care providers to do better fleet management of all these POCs that are out there, but really engage the patients in terms of inherence for the product as well. So the conclusion is, I think we're just pretty much right on track with the versus the timeline that you talk about.
Mick Farrell: Thanks Victor. So I mean, I’m sure, you heard the prepared remarks what we talked about. There are two factors behind EMEA and APAC on the masks. Number one, we had a big comparable, what was about around 8% constant currency growth in the quarter a year ago in EMEA and APAC. So we had some licensing revenue in there and some really good sales to particular customers. And we just launched the N20 and F20 at the ERS. And so it’s the first quarter out there and as you know, you’ve been following our stock for a long time, mask launches in EMEA and APAC, you're talking hundreds of countries and you go country-by-country and thy see the masks, they don’t immediately buy the masks. It can even slowdown the purchases of current masks, because they see the next generation technology and they put it through their systems, they have it as their frontline setup and they work out how to put it into the protocols and starts to get launch through. So as we said earlier, we expect to gradual improvement of masks growth not only in the Americas, but also in EMEA and APAC. Certainly the positive in that region and then through Q3 and Q4, we really think the impact N20 and F20 are going to be there and sustainable throughout fiscal 2018.
Mick Farrell: We’re seeing pricing as I said earlier in the pretty steady state these last six to eight quarters. Back to industry standards on year-on-year in terms of price. So the competition is fierce, but it’s around innovation. Who's got the best fit, the best comfort, the quietest device and now best informatic solution to really improve quality of care with patients and provide us to improve their world flow efficiency. Thanks for your questions Victor.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, thanks. In closing, I want to thank the 5,000 strong ResMed team from around the world for their commitment to changing tens of millions of lives. We remain laser focused on our long term goal of improving 20 million lives by 2020, and we look forward to executing on everything we talked about this last 60 minutes and driving this innovation, great products throughout 2017. Thanks for your time today. And we’ll talk to you again in about 90 days. Thanks.
Dave Pendarvis: Thanks Matt, first of all we're really pleased with the settlement. We think that it is helping to validate the strength of our IP that we're now going to get paid royalty on sales in the U.S. by our competitor for the products that are covered by the deal. The reality is, those royalty streams will not likely be material to us going forward and you know that's fine. They don't have a large market share in the U.S. market. We don't expect that to change anytime soon. So we don't expect it to be material. Obviously there is a reduction in the ongoing litigation cost that were associated with that case and really a number of cases around the world, but as Brett mentioned earlier we continue to have really, frankly a larger case against F&P and some other ongoing legal expenses. So there still will be significant legal expenses going forward. But obviously one of the reasons you settle cases is to the avoid the further ongoing expense and that was one of the reasons that motivated us to reach this settlement with BMC that we did, but we're very pleased with it.
Dave Pendarvis: Yeah Mike, its Dave here. Though I think the one thing we can all agree on about U.S. politics today is it's going to be hard to predict. There are a lot of -- there is a lot of discussion about tax reform and what that might mean and we'll just have to wait and see what the actual proposals are, and what the details are, and what gets implemented, when it gets implemented. As Rob said, we’ve got opportunities to do things and frankly, if there become incentives to manufacture more in the U.S., clearly that could be an opportunity for us. We've got a lot of customers in the U.S., a lot of patients in the U.S. But we take care of all of our stakeholders, we look at what we do best for shareholders, what we do best for customers, what we do best for employees and take all those factors into account when we make our decisions. But it’s going to be I think a few years for things to sort themselves out, and we’ll obviously make the best decisions we can on the basis of whatever the details are.
Dave Pendarvis: Sure, so it's really well done by the industry to get this through, you know it's been a long time coming. You remember we were a while back and we were about to have some relief for the rollout of the national expansion of rates and it was stopped by a protest on the floor of the house for gun controls. Just goes to show you, crazy things can happen when you're trying to go through the legislative process. So the industry worked very hard, really across the board and was able to ensure that this time around it stuck and they got some relief, that was six months of relief and there are still some issues with competitive bidding rates and how competitive bidding is determined. But the industry I think on the whole feels good about having gotten a win and feels like, as Mick was saying earlier, that if Congressman Price is confirmed as Secretary of the HSS, there should be at least a sympathetic ear for perhaps some further regulatory relief. And as the industry moves forward you got some stability now. The rates are set with Medicare for the next two years, till January of '19 and Congressman Price has billed to add in binding bids, so that now anyone who bid in an area has to put up a bond, that's a benefit. And so I think the industry is feeling like it’s a better environment with some more predictability and some more stability and that's a positive.
