Brett Sandercock: Thanks, Kieran. I will just briefly run through our September quarter results. Just to recap our revenues for the September quarter were $247 million, an increase of 38% over the prior year quarter and as expected unfavorable currency movements reduced our first quarter revenues by approximately $5.3 million. In constant currency terms, revenue increased by 16% over the prior year quarter.  Our income from operations for the quarter is $52.7 million, an increase of 44% over the prior year quarter and net income for the quarter was $42.1 million, an increase of 50% over the prior year quarter.  On a diluted earnings per share basis for the quarter it was $0.55, an increase of 53% over the prior year quarter. Our gross margin for the September quarter was 60.8%, down sequentially from Q4 ‘09. We did benefit from favorable product mix, but this was offset by unfavorable currency impact and some unfavorable geographic mix. Looking forward, the recent depreciation of the Australian dollar will have a negative impact upon our gross margin, however assuming current exchange rates we still expect our gross margin to be around 60% for the balance of fiscal year 2010. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $76.8 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms SG&A increased by $0.11 over the prior year quarter. The increase in SG&A reflects expenses to support sales growth as well as activities targeting the increasing awareness and diagnosis of sleep disorder breathing. SG&A as a percentage of revenue improved to 31% compared to the year ago figure of 33%. Looking forward, and again, subject to currency movements we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be broadly in the range of 31% for the balance of fiscal year 2010. R&D expenses for the quarter were $70.9 million, an increase of 4% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms R&D expenses increased by 9% over the prior year quarter. R&D as a percentage of revenue was 7% compared to 8% in the prior year quarter. Looking forward and subject to currency movements we expect R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue to be in the 7% range for the balance of fiscal year 2010. We continue to devote significant resources to [inaudible] innovation and clinical study activities. Amortization of acquired intangibles was $1.8 million for the quarter and stock based compensation expense for the quarter was $6.5 million. During the quarter we also donated $1 million to the ResMed Foundation.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.3% and we estimate our fiscal year 2010 tax rate will be in the vicinity of 27%. Turning now to revenues in more detail: Overall Americas sales were $134.7 million, an increase of 19% over the prior year quarter. This was driven by strong growth in both flow generators and masks with strong contributions from our high-end APAP devices, new range of bi-levels and the full-face masks. So that side of the Americas totaled $112.3 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter. As expected, sales outside of the Americas were impacted by currency movements, in particular the depreciation of the euro against the US dollar. In constant currency terms, sales outside the Americas increased by 13% over the prior year quarter. Breaking out the revenues between product segments, in the Americas flow generator sales increased by 14% over the prior year quarter, while masks and other increased by 23%. For revenues outside the Americas and in constant currency terms, flow generators increased by 15%, while masks and other increased by 8%. On a group basis in constant currency terms, flow generator sales increased by 15%, while masks and other increased by 17%. Now cash flow from operations was $64.1 million for the quarter reflecting strong underlying earnings and working capital management. In the next quarter our operating cash flow will be significantly impacted by an expected Australian tax payment traditionally made in the calendar fourth quarter; it should return to robust levels after that. Capital expenditures for the quarter was $14.1 million, including $4.3 million in completion costs associated with our new global headquarters in San Diego. Depreciation and amortization for the September quarter totaled $14.1 million.  We continue to buy back shares as part of our capital management program. During the quarter we repurchased 789,000 shares for consideration of $35.7 million as part of our ongoing buy back program. As of today, we have repurchased 994,000 shares out of a total authorized buy back of 10 million shares.  Our balance sheet remains strong and conservatively at September 30 total assets stood at $1.6 billion and net equities $1.2 billion. Group external debt was $163 million, while cash and cash equivalents totaled $478 million. I would now like to hand the call back to Kieran.
Brett Sandercock: It is round about the $0.05 to $0.06 mark positive there. It is worth noting though, even if you sort of strip that out we still had a really strong quarter. We would have growth on EPS of over 35% even without that sort of currency impact. But, overall that was sort of the region of the impact. 
Brett Sandercock: For the US the flow gens was $64.8 million, masks and other was $69.9; Tiger $34.7; for the rest of the world flow gens was $75.8; masks and other $36.5, for $112.3 total.
Brett Sandercock: As you said there is a lot of things impacting on the geographic mix, the product mix, new product releases and so on and then obviously currency as well. If you look at it, we get benefit from the euro, which has been appreciating at the moment, so that is going to help us and I hope it is on a headline basis in terms of revenue as well. The Aussie dollar depreciating will hurt us also and that has been coming from a low, probably around six months ago, of about $0.66 and it has been steadily climbing through the quarters. We felt some of that impact clearly this quarter. We will feel some more of the impact through Q2 and it will still be manifesting in Q3 as well, but then I would expect that that would then start to improve as we went through Q4 and we’re pretty much through those sort of year-on-year currency impact. So you think of it like that, if that makes sense.
Brett Sandercock: That is exactly right and we have been working hard on the cost initiative on the manufacturing and so on. You guys know that we did move to Singapore, we established a factory there to enhance the factory down here in Sydney, so there is a lot of activity that goes on beneath the surface here that we’ll continue to work on, really just a sustained reduction in that overall cost base and we will continue to do that and new products, obviously, will help as well.
Brett Sandercock: What has happened over the last two or three years is in fact volatility on exchange movements increased significantly really. I think that you still need to continue to hedge and I think you look at what you do there within derivatives. I mean we take it pretty simple. The majority is options, for example, where you are not impacted; you are not going to lose your premiums sort of thing. We hedged the cash flows coming back to the factory and then we looked to naturally hedge a lot of our exposures around the group as well, just basically leveraging our global reach, I suppose, so we do a lot of that natural hedging as well.  And we do spend time looking at where our international revenues are and where our international expenses are and how balanced they are and they are reasonably well balanced; so you end up looking to hedge relative out performance or under performance of some of the major currencies such as the euro and the Aussie, but I still think there is a place for hedging, but you just have to do it in a very measured way and really look for natural hedging and offsets where ever you can and just use that global base to your advantage. I think so far we have done pretty well. We managed a high currency environment, low currency environment, and still generated great results over many years.  
Brett Sandercock: If you look at this quarter we are in the Q1 we had a positive impact there. As the country swings around particularly the Aussie and it works its way through inventory into our cost of sales, I would expect the next quarter, for example, you are probably looking around $0.04 or $0.05 negative impact on EPS all things being equal.
Kieran Gallahue: It was really a balanced performance across the ROW regions. You’ve seen that the last couple of quarters, we have had some strong performance and I just think the team has a lot of good things going for it right now. It is executing extremely well. The leadership teams under Stein Jacobsen and under Rob Douglas are both performing extremely well. The product line up is very well suited to the marketplace and stacks up well from the perspective of competitive alternatives. So, all in all I think it is no silver bullet here, it is not just one single item, it is strong performance across multiple geographies and we’re feeling good about their performance.
Kieran Gallahue: You are speaking specifically about the launch of flow generator series by our primary competitor and so to date I am not hearing a whole lot. I mean obviously any new product is going to get trial and there is going to be a lot of sort of conversations around the products. I will say that we are mainly hearing back from customers is the feeling that it is an attempt to compete with the SA II, to try to basically play catch up with that product series.  There are a couple of nice features that we appreciate which is some investment in algorhythms and informatics, which we think is good for the industry. Overall, I would say the summary is there are some feature sets in there which will be good for raising the awareness of the industry; it is good to have more than one player that is focusing on some of these high end algorhythms, but when you look at our product line up versus the competitive, I guess my summary would be we remain very comfortable with our product line up and we remain even more comfortable with our product pipeline. 
Kieran Gallahue: Again, just a sort of benchmark here, just a reminder, from a global sales perspective we estimated somewhere around 10% of the global sales that are associated with US Medicare related patients, so that is point one.  Point two, no real surprises. I mean the updates that have been provided over the last year about how this thing is going to roll out; the fact that they have moved it from 10 MSAs down to 9 MSAs, just really there are no changes. There is obviously a lot of activity at the HME level; they have been working on it for a number of months, although not a lot of chatter at if from a customer perspective. If I compare this to two years ago and the amount of chatter when it was the first time through, I think there was almost sort of a feeling of panic. This time it is much more of a businessman like sort of approach to it. They kind of know the drill and they are going to go through it.  It is still unclear, even after the betting, what’s going to happen. If it continues to roll through it doesn’t get impacted for what another year, 14 months, as we get into calendar year 2011, and no clear understanding about whether it will roll out after that. My summary would be business as usual at this point.
Kieran Gallahue: That would be one for Las Vegas, I think, at this point. As you know those bills are all over the place and our feeling is you just step back and you look at it and you say what are the fundamentals that they are trying to drive towards and to the extent that there is an attempt to try to become more efficient in healthcare, the extent that there is a desire to increase the access to bring more patients into the system, both of those trends actually could be very positive from our perspective. Certainly by increasing the number of covered lives, sleep disorder breathing is a disorder that affects people of all walks and all sorts of economic classes; in fact you could argue that those in some of the areas that they are not being covered today by insurance may have the highest prevalence rates.  You also have the opportunity to look a bit more holistically at the cost of care and it is very clear that hospital systems around the planet, not just in the US, are trying to keep people out of hospitals, trying to keep them out of acute care settings, and trying to manage them in a more cost effective way. They are also trying to deal with the rising costs of managing chronic disorders.  You look at sleep disorder breathing; we are sitting in the middle of some of the most costly co morbidities, or chronic disorders on the planet. We have a very cost effective way of helping to treat patients and increasing access for patients can only be a good thing. I think the best proof statement on that is if you look at the National Institute of Clinical Excellence that supports the National Health System in the UK. I mean, you can argue that the UK is one of the more frugal healthcare environments on the planet and they have some very good outcomes data as well. The National Institute of Clinical Excellence has really been sort of the granddaddy of health economic bodies around the globe and 18 months ago they analyzed the sleep apnea space and their recommendation was that it was cost and official in order to identify and treat more patients with sleep disorder breathing. So, when you look at those kinds of indicators and you say if we move anywhere in the direction towards that level of frugality and then there is some common sense put in place as NICE has demonstrated, there could be some very positive aspects that come out of this. 
Kieran Gallahue: Part of that is you get sort of the temporary effects on the currency side, but the lasting effects are the things that are associated with product mix, with new product flow, with operational improvements that we’ve been engaging in throughout the globe and structural changes such as increasing manufacturing in our Singapore facility. So there is sort of the temporary sort of things that are really hard to forecast and then there are the longer trend items that are quite positive for us.
Kieran Gallahue: I think, as you noted at Medtrade, I think they did an excellent job, as they always do, in trying to establish awareness about the new product flow and I’m sure that transcends into the sales force and into their call patterns. You are absolutely right that any product launch from any competitor or from ResMed for that matter, you go through a process where you get an initial trial and then the real question mark is after that initial trial what are your reorder rates like and then how does it stack up competitively. At the same time you have sort of a push through of some of the older inventory that you try to make sure that you don’t get caught with any obsolescence on that.  So, I would expect since the launch and for a few months that there will be sort of that blend of their new product coming in, cleaning out the old inventory, and what not. But, the awareness is there, there is no doubt. I have a lot of respect for them and their communication capabilities and there is no doubt that there should be very few customers that don’t know about that new product yet.
Kieran Gallahue: Yes, I will say that from the beginning of the integration of the Respironics and the Phillips team we’ve felt they’ve been very good competitors. I think we all recognize that there is tremendous amount of value that is brought to bear and I won’t limit that to Respironics, I will say that throughout the industry that there is a tremendous amount of value that we bring to customers and I think we all know that price competition is a short-term gain and that we all need to be focusing on higher value opportunities and how to reduce the costs to our customers. You reduce the costs by simplifying their supply chain. You reduce the costs by helping to drive more volume into the marketplace. You reduce the cost by this focus on informatics or algorhythms or what not. That is why we, at this point, feel pretty comfortable with the state of where the industry is at.
Kieran Gallahue: We said the beginning of last March that we were going to have a very active 18 months or so of product launches and the team has done a very good job of living up to that. We started in the first quarter with the ApneaLinkTM plus, we now have the Swift FX which was launched in Europe and before the end of this fiscal year we’ll be global. We’ve got the gel product which has only been launched in the US and we expect that before the end of the fiscal year it will be launched on a global basis and certainly we have noted that we have a flow generator platform coming, but for competitive reasons and for customer reasons it is simply not appropriate for us to get specific on the timing.
Kieran Gallahue: First of all I think there are certain home sleep testing pilots that we’re involved with and there are many that are ongoing that are really led by the customers themselves and experimenting. So, as we expected throughout this year there is going to be activity really across a wide range of customer types. Seeing primary care physicians try their hand at it, the independent diagnostic testing facilities, or the IDTFs that are getting involved, sleep physicians, other types of specialists, so there are a number of different types of customers or healthcare providers that are getting involved in understanding what their role in home sleep testing could be, or should be, and you are almost seeing the first echo, if you will, in that process where there has been a learning and an iteration in it.  What I mean by that is there are certain groups that seem particularly interested in it and I would say the IDTFs working with the HMEs seem particularly interested and capable of providing support and very encouragingly we see more and more sleep physicians, who we certainly enjoy working with in this category, who are beginning to understand the benefit of integrating home sleep testing along with their traditional diagnostic techniques. And, you see many of the sleep physicians who maybe a few months ago, and I mean that literally, just a few months ago may have been quite reticent to think about the adoption are beginning to learn a bit more, experiment a bit more, and to gain substantially more comfort with the idea of home sleep testing in their professional hands being able to be administered quite well and in a quite balanced way. In addition, you are seeing more and more payers get engaged in this. We, on a regular basis, get feedback from payers, local payers, national payers, of their interest in either supporting customers that have been working in home sleep testing or somehow encouraging the use of home sleep testing and much of this we get from feedback from the physicians themselves who have been working with those payers.  So, it is progressing. I would say that the effect on results to date is not yet material. We hadn’t expected it to be material and in fact is not material and that is sort of the way that you would expect these things to roll out, which is to have people gain comfort, understand the three Ps, process, payment and politics. The process and payment have been progressing quite well. Then as I note that the politics, which were probably a bit more intense six, nine months ago, are beginning to ease a bit, but certainly by no means have disappeared and I wouldn’t expect that to happen over night. So, good progress and I would say nothing has happened yet that is different than we had anticipated and articulated certainly earlier in the year.
Kieran Gallahue: The US organization under J.C. [Corellas] and supported by our SBU leaders, Farrell and Don Darkin have been just doing an excellent job of continually improving the experience that we have with our customers, trying to make it easier to do business with ResMed. They have an excellent product line up and an excellent team.  Again, I will say just as I said with the ROW piece, it is not one silver bullet. It is execution across multiple areas and they are just doing a great job.
Kieran Gallahue: We do have a very strong balance sheet. It is one that we are proud of and certainly one that has held us in very good position throughout this last year and allowed us to focus on our business and growing the business and growing awareness and continuing to fund our product pipeline where perhaps other businesses needed to spend time worrying about their financial condition. We have traditionally been a conservatively geared company and we feel very good about continuing that process. We will selectively look at opportunities to invest those dollars. I think a good example of that was the Narval acquisition that we completed in this last quarter, which is our first sort of toe in the water and to a complimentary therapy to pap and one that we feel very good about and the execution of that French team, which by the way has already begun its integration; an excellent team and one that we welcome with open arms into the ResMed team. We also had the opportunity to buy back our own stock and that continued too, as Brett noted, another $35 million was invested in this last quarter and that is on top of a substantial amount of share buybacks over the last 18 months, because we feel that ResMed was a very worthy investment.
Kieran Gallahue: I think that the key here is that the opportunity for improving compliance has always existed. What the Medicare ruling did was to focus the HMEs very strongly on the opportunity to improve compliance, and that is something that we have long wanted for many, many different reasons. One, because that is the only way you help the patient, that is the primary reason. We are here to help support healthcare providers in helping patients. But, it is also good business because a compliant user obviously over time represents a renewal stream for many years of very high value products.  The idea of the ResTraxx types of units in the world is to help solve the problem. It is to be able to help those HMEs be more efficient in the way that they address the opportunities of improving compliance. It is a management by exception tool. So, we don’t expect the challenges associated with the compliance to ever fully go away. That is why HMEs play such an important role in the channel. They are service providers and payers need to recognize the value that those HMEs are bringing to patients.  Our job is to provide technology enablement that allows them, whenever possible, to either lessen the labor that is involved in getting patients compliant, or deskill the labor that is being applied to it. Many, many of the things that we do, regardless of whether it is Medicare or non-Medicare, because everyone has the same opportunity for improvement. So, whether it is ResTraxx and this fantastic management by exception tool; whether it is the Easy Breeze wave form and designing wave forms that are more comfortable for patients; whether it is EPR and having the ability to make the introduction to therapy more comfortable; whether it is the wide range of masks that we provide, everything from nasal pillows to full face masks; from liquid silicone rubber all the way over to gel masks now; it is all about making the experience better for the patient and we believe in the long run the healthcare providers, the payers, including Medicare, win in that process and the HMEs will win in that process. I think we think that the focusing that Medicare has done could always create a few bumps in the road, but net, net it should be a positive for this industry.
Kieran Gallahue: Look, first of all ResTraxx is an enabler, so it is not a huge revenue driver, or a profit driver. We provide that mostly as a service to our HMEs to help them become more efficient, but when push comes to shove in this industry it is about creating awareness and it is about engaging healthcare providers, including across all the various medical silos and right down to the primary care physicians and most importantly it is about providing the support to those patients, because when they get treated we all know, and the data has shown, that their healthcare costs get reduced holistically. The improvements in cardiovascular disease, and the improvements in diabetes, we talked about occupational health and safety and the danger of these truckers when they are not treated appropriately. We read about these pilots that over shoot airports like in the Go Airlines case. There are a lot of opportunities for well treated patients, when they have sleep disorder breathing, to be able to reduce healthcare costs overall, including if you want to look at it on a micro basis, or if you want to look at it on a macro basis.
Kieran Gallahue: Swift FX really was not material in those results and just as the question that came up before about the impact of new products, whether it is us or others you don’t tend to see the full impact in that first quarter over time, it tends to grow over time, but just in general it is not unusual for two things to be on the ROW mass line and I know you have tracked us for awhile, which is A. in general it tends to grow slower than the US line items and there tends to be a little bit more lumpiness on the ROW line items than you will see in the Americas.
Kieran Gallahue: You are right we have actually done both. We have done acquisitions within the channel. The latest one was our Indian distributor as an example and we have also done acquisitions of technology where we believe it’s strategic. Two examples would be the motor business that now under pins so much of the innovation that we’re capable of. Other examples would be the ventilation business in France and now, of course, this Narval, as you noted. To answer your question, we are broadly about complimentary technologies. We are very open-minded when we look at opportunities in the marketplace. We strongly believe that we’re here to serve patients and patient care and that it is not unlikely over time that more than one solution can be appropriate. With that said, I will say we have never seen anything that is as efficacious and as safe as positive airway pressure CPAP and APAP, but that is a whole PAP therapy and that remains, we believe, the gold standard and we believe to be the core of the opportunity in treating sleep disorder breathing patients. But, we absolutely keep our eyes open for other opportunities, but we are data driven. We look at these solutions and we want to see opportunities where it is demonstrated that it helps patients. We want to see opportunities to see that it is good medicine, that it is something that’s acceptable by the medical community and acceptable by our standards for patient care. We also need to see a pathway to profitability with those. We need to see where ResMed can benefit from investing our time and attention and that. So, those are some pretty high hurdles, but every now and again there is a company, or a technology, that that makes sense and quite fortunately we have the resources to be able to take advantage of those when we see them. 
Kieran Gallahue: At this point the net net answer is we do not believe there is a material impact yet from home sleep testing. That is totally consistent where we thought this would be at this point. This is really the year of piloting. It is the year where the three Ps are being worked out, the payment, the process, and the political situation that surrounds home sleep testing. There has been substantial movement forward as various healthcare providers that range from IDTFs to sleep physicians, to HMEs, to primary care physicians, each of those areas have had certain players that have experimented or are experimenting with home sleep testing and over time we would expect the smoke to clear and there to be certainly more than one solution that will be in the marketplace that is associated with home sleep testing. So, it is progressing quite well. I think as we look out over the future we still believe that home sleep testing has the potential to have a very major effect on this marketplace over time and as we have been saying and we continue to believe we don’t believe that is a one night or an over night kind of process, it is the kind of thing that gets introduced and grows over time and signals very positively for the long-term health of this industry.
Kieran Gallahue: Over the last couple of months there has been a reasonably significant shift in many of the conversations where sleep physicians are approaching us and whereas they may have been a bit concerned, or more concerned maybe nine months ago, typically with either the economics or the politics associated with it, they seem to be getting to a point where many more of them are getting more comfortable with the idea of integrating home sleep testing. Some of them are a bit more advanced than others. We certainly have some of our customers which have said they’ve been able to grow their business by using home sleep testing and the way that they are viewing it is, and again it varies by the individual, but is looking at many of the patients who, for whatever reason, may not show up at the lab, so they get a referral into the sleep lab. A good 30% of those patients historically have never showed up.  Clearly some of those people either are not showing up either because of the expense or because of the inconvenience associated with the over night sleep test. 70% do show up, but 3% is a big number and so you have some of those sleep physicians who are looking at that and saying hey, this is not a matter of replacing somebody who would have been in a bed anyway, this is a matter of getting somebody who we would not have been able to reach. So, it is truly a new patient or an incremental patient that they wouldn’t have been able to reach. In addition, what they are finding is that some of those patients, once they test them with the home sleep testing device, still require either because they are borderline, or because there is something very unusual about them, they still require a full PSG. So, those are the ones that are getting more comfortable more quickly and obviously you’ll have some of those faster movers in the marketplace and you will have some that will lag behind that and may take a bit longer to feel comfortable and may need to see the sleep physician across town and see how they have adopted it before they feel comfortable in the adoption phase. It is a very interesting process that they are going through, but the more data they get it seems the more comfortable they get.
Kieran Gallahue: We haven’t really seen a significant change in these last nine months. So, you need to go back to the beginning of the year and as we said at the time we thought that maybe there was a couple of points that were shaved off, but it was still double-digit growth on the revenue side and the volume side was still close to that range of around the 15% or so. We continue to feel that the market is growing at quite a healthy clip. Then when we look at the fundamentals of awareness building, of diagnostics simplification, about just in general look at the various very positive signals in this marketplace, it still looks very, very good. So, we remain very, very comfortable about the marketplace. We continue to invest both in the short term and the long term because you don’t take market growth for granted, so these efforts on the industry side to raise awareness and educate primary care physicians are very important. The advent of home sleep testing is very important. This just flood of data that continues on the link between sleep disorder breathing and heart failure, and cardiovascular disease and diabetes is just very, very encouraging as we look out over the medium and the long term in market expansion. 
Kieran Gallahue: We see a continued trend it is certainly not slowing. There was a period there were it was accelerating and it continues to grow above market rates, so let’s just call it a stable, continuing positive shift mix that we’ve seen in this industry. Again, I think that bodes well for the future, because many of these higher end feature sets are oriented towards patient comfort, which can improve compliance, and they are oriented towards the reduction of labor that ‘s required by the HME or the sleep physician in helping patients get acclimated to their therapies.  So, good, solid, positive trends and they continue.
Kieran Gallahue: Thank you everybody for your participation in this call. As always I want to thank our employees all over the globe in their various functions, because once again, these results are the result of their passion and their hard work and their efforts. So, fantastic job by the ResMed team across the globe.  I can tell you this that we on the back of a fantastic Q1 we remain excited about our future. We have high margin exciting new products that are rolling out over the year. The market for sleep disorder breathing is still highly under penetrated. We have new policies that are simplifying the diagnostic process. We have a stellar balance sheet, significant operating cash flow, and as I noted we have an absolutely stellar team. Thank you very much for your attention and we look forward to continuing to update you as we move through the fiscal year. 
