Brett Sandercock: Thanks, Kieran. So I'll briefly run through our December quarter results, revenue as mentioned for the December quarter was $275.1million, an increase of 23% over the prior year quarter. We did have favorable currency movements that increased second quarter revenues by approximately $13.3 million. In constant currency terms revenue increased by 17% over the prior year quarter.  Income from operations for the quarter was $57.9 million an increase of 34% over the prior year quarter and net income for the quarter was $46 million an increase of 36% over the prior year quarter. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.60 an increase of 36% over the prior year quarter. Gross margins for the December quarter was 59.7%, down sequentially from Q1FY10, largely attributed to an unfavorable currency impact resulting from the depreciation of the Australian dollar relative to the US dollar. Looking forward exchange rate volatility will continue to manifest in our gross margins. In particular a recent depreciation of the Euro against the US dollar together with the strong Australian dollar will impact our gross margins.  SG&A expenses for the quarter were $84.1 million an increase of 20% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms SG&A expenses increases by a modest 10% over the prior year quarter. The increases in SG&A reflects expenses to support sales growth as well as activities targeted at increasing the awareness and diagnosis of sleep disorder breathing. SG&A as a percentage of revenue improved to 30.6% compared to the year ago figure of 31.4%. Looking forward and subject to currency movements we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be in that 31% range for the balance of the fiscal year 2010.  R&D expenses for the quarter were $19.1 million, an increase of 28% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms R&D expenses increased by 1% over the prior year quarter. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue was 7% consistent with the prior year quarter. Looking forward and again subject to currency movements we'd expect R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue to be in that 7% range for the balance of the fiscal year. We continue to devote significant resources to product innovation and clinical study activities.  Amortization of acquired intangibles were $2.1million for the quarter and stock-based compensation expense for the quarter was $7.3 million. During the quarter we also donated $1 million to the ResMed Foundation. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.1% and we estimate our fiscal year 2010 tax rate will be in the vicinity of 27%. Turning now to revenues in more detail, overall American sales were $148 million, an increase of 20% over the prior year quarter. This was driven by strong growth in both flow generators and masks, with strong contributions from our high end APAP devices, full face masks, and incremental revenue from our recently launched gel mask. Sales outside the Americas totaled $127.1 million, an increase of 27% over the prior year quarter. As expected, sales outside the Americas were positively impacted by currency movements. In constant currency terms, sales outside the Americas increased by 14% over the prior year quarter. Breaking out revenues between product segments, in the Americas, flow generator sales were $75.9 million, an increase of 24% over the prior year quarter. Masks in other styles were $72.1 million, an increase of 16% over the prior year. Fr revenues outside the Americas, flow generator sales were $86.2 million, an increase of 32% over the prior year quarter, or in constant currency terms, an increase of 17%. Masks and other sales were $40.9 million, an increase of 18%, or in constant currency terms, an increase of 8% over the prior year. On a group basis and constant currency terms, flow generator sales increased by 21% while masks and other increased by 13%.  Cash flow from operations was $11.6 million for the quarter. The operating cash flow was impacted by the timing of income tax payment totalled $61.7 million during the quarter. Our underlying cash flow remains very strong. Capital expenditure for the quarter was $14.5 million. Depreciation and amortization for the December quarter totalled $15.6 million. We continue to buy back shares as part of our capital management program. During the quarter we repurchased 606,000 shares for consideration of $30.1 million as part of our ongoing buyback program. As of today we have repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares out of a total authorized buyback of 10 million shares. Our balance sheet remains strong and conservatively geared. For December 1, total assets stored at $1.6 billion and net equity was $1.3 billion. Group external debt was $145 million while cash and cash equivalents totalled $451 million. I'll now hand the call back to Kieran.
Brett Sandercock: If you looked at that sequential decline, the vast majority of that would have been impact that's currency related is basically the real driver on that.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, predominantly. I mean, as you know there's plenty of factors that impact the geographic mix, product mix, manufacturing and so on in the mix, but if you look at it and say what's the predominant driver it was currency and it was the appreciation of the Aussie.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. It's certainly not as long as three quarters. It'll be around that one-and-a-half-quarter mark, that lag impact. So still some of that to flow through, but you're right, the Aussie — well, you know how volatile currencies are at the moment but the Aussie has come off from $0.925 to about I think under $0.87 within the last three weeks. So clearly that's coming down. It'll take a little while to flow through, but we'll get that benefit down the track for sure.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, I mean, I think, some of that European, I think it’s turning to really good consistent results coming out of Germany out of the last (inaudible). And some of the mix that we had in Germany we’ve passed that now completely, getting good growth out of that. And as you know in Germany it’s time care, so it’s really quite generator driven. Nice that in fact that the cost of that business sort to speak. So I think some of that driving through is waiting for those nice out performance and flow generators in Europe. Been throwing in the mix also, we’ve got the S-9 launch which is a new platform. So I think over time you’ll get back to historical levels where (inaudible) will grow stronger than flow gen. But with some many new product launches that some of that mix might change a little over the short term.
Brett Sandercock: We’re expecting to launch in France early March. And then we’ll progressively roll out over the next four to eight weeks on country by country.
Brett Sandercock: Just on the exchange rates through the volatility at the moment, the quarter to quarter estimate is just not making sense at the moment. Give you a lot of color on that. I mean, you know what exchange rates are doing as well as I do. And you know that they’ll be short term, there’s probably some head wins with the Euro. The lag on the Aussie, but that’ll held at – by the next few quarters after that. But I think what I would say, the FOREX we can’t really control. But I’m really confident and comfortable with our ability to expand the GM through strong – when you put out the flow for example, limiting our cost structure which we’ve been doing, managing cogs and continuous improvement programs. We’re working hard to do all that. And we’re looking at (inaudible) as well. And part of innovation and the product flow we’ve designed to do that. So I think we’re doing everything we can and working pretty hard to withstand the margins. But in short terms we will be subject to some of the volatility around those currencies. And we’ll just have to deal with that and keep doing what we need to do.  The only other thing I’d say, we have been working pretty hard over the last few years to diversify our prospect away from the Aussie dollar. And we have been relatively successful. We’ve done through materials purchasing, Singapore manufacturing, for example. And just trying to contain those operational costs. So we’ll continue to do that as well. And it doesn’t mean to say we won’t be impacted because we will. Just not as bad as it was, for example, two years ago. But I don’t want to dismiss the currency impact that’s there. But it’s short term as well as (inaudible) and the underlying sustainable margin improvement we’re absolutely working on.
Kieran T. Gallahue: The market remains robust. We still think the market growth is around what we've experienced this past year. The indications out there at this point, our physician awareness, clinical awareness, continues to grow. And from the Americas perspective, HST continues to be piloted. We continue to good progress in that space. I'd hesitate to say that it's material yet in the results. I think that's probably more ahead of us than behind us seeing the impact of HST. 
Kieran T. Gallahue: Well, I think it's important to recognize that some of the competitive launches that have occurred here in the last couple of months are, in our view, attempts to catch up to what has been in the marketplace now for the last 18 months. The S8 II series of products that were underpinned with this Easy-Breathe motor technology and the wave forms that are associated with the Easy-Breathe wave forms have been extremely well received within the marketplace and they create a fundamental sort of base for us to compete against new products. So the new products that have rolled out, they're going to get trial. We assume that the completive products got a good trial, but I got to tell you, our field sales forces felt very comfortable walking into those same accounts with the high quality ResMed products, the quiet ResMed products with the algorithms that are associated with it and we still feel very comfortable competing with the S8 II. In our opinion, you look at the S9, that's a bonus on top of that.  And when you look at the product and people get the ability to physically look at this product and then be able to experience its ease of use to be able to look at some of the feature sets that are very patient meaningful and they're going to be customer meaningful as well because they are oriented towards improving compliance and simplifying the ability for patients to adapt to therapy. In addition to providing additional revenue streams for some of the customers there is a lot of good things that are going to come out with this S9. Now, our intention is to launch it like we have sort of the classic ResMed way if you will, so rolling it out first in Europe, then we are going to be rolling it out towards the end of this quarter in the US. You're absolutely right in your comments that it takes several months for you to get around and start seeing that ramp and really feel that materiality as we get into fiscal year 2011. So we're excited about that launch process. And just as in sort of our classic way we're going to start with the AutoSet and the Elite and then over time we'll fill out the CPAP area as well as move over to the bio levels. So we're feeling good at what we're at and we'll be rolling it out through the rest of this fiscal year.
Kieran T. Gallahue: All right, great. So actually we've begun the early shipments in Europe, but again like I'm saying, these things kind of ramp up, but we're absolutely delivering product and have been for about a week or so. I'm looking at (inaudible), but yeah that last week or so, and yes you'll absolutely be able to see a device during the investor day next week.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Yeah. You know, Ben, we don't get into that sort of line item detail when we break out revenues just because it's sort of a slippery slope over time of detail, but what I intend to say is that the product has been very well received. The way a product like this launches is that not all sizes are available Day 1. So you get out the predominant sizes and then over the course of several months you fill out the rest of the SKUs, you fill out your sampling packages, et cetera. So the initial shot over the bow came during Q2, and what you'll see throughout Q3 is exactly what I just described, filling out of the rest of the SKUs. We expect by the end of the quarter we'll be shipping all the SKUs in that product and we'll be fully up on the samples and then we'll be full steam ahead. And I got to tell you, the early feedback has been fantastic. It's really encouraging. And not only on the gel, the gel and the Swift FX. When you look at some of the customer testimonials and the patient testimonials that have been coming in, these are darn good products. So we’re looking forward to them. And by the way, as you know mass products tend to be on the side of gross margin contributors. So we’re certainly looking forward to that continued expansion as well.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Singapore has been a very successful venture for us. The plant came up to speed quite rapidly. We’ve now celebrated what our 13-14 months of operations. We’re already producing about 20% of our volume our of Singapore. So we’ve been just very pleased with the quality of the work force with their ability to integrate our products into a quality system to be able to mirror the success that we’ve seen in Sydney. And at the same time be able to provide some of the costs and tax advantages that are associated with Singapore. So we’re very pleased with where we’re at.  We continue to build capabilities there. The initial phases were really about, what’s called assembly type work. Over the course of these year we’re going to continue to build out some of the capabilities and for instance manufacturing of motors. So that we can not only produce in the LA area but we can also have a secondary source within a company. And Singapore, we look at building some capabilities on the LSR, so the moving capabilities, etcetera, itself. We’ve got a very strong foundation. It ramped up quickly. And we’re feeling very comfortable with the ability to continue to ramp that. We’re not giving any specific estimates what we want to produce there. But I can tell you we feel very comfortable with our ability to ramp.
Kieran T. Gallahue: It is a fantastic product series. This is going to be – just as SA2 and the easy breeze motor technology established a new level within the market place, this certainly has the potential to do the same. And again, we haven’t released it yet in the US. So we’re waiting later in the quarter and the availability and the access to everyone is going to be quite easy.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Sure, Andrew, I’ll talk about that too. You seem to know quite a lot about this. I love to talk about it. And it ties into my second C there, which is compliance. Having that sort of bio feedback mechanism where a patient can – the day after their therapy, at the discretion of their provider and physician mind you, have access to the hours of use that they had that night. And the (inaudible) given to the patient by a smiley face or a frowny face depending on the (inaudible) is up and above the 0.4 maybe the second sort of gradient that’s accepted standard for acceptable mouth rates. I spoke potentially, again, at the discretion of the provider or the physician, an efficacy measure such as AHI.  And the patient can have access to those. What we’ve seen in our clinical trials of this device and in the early market acceptance in our controlled product launches is that patients who have access to data get more engaged in therapy. And that’s sticking it through the therapy in those first seven days leads to months and years and years of trailing revenues for the provider in masks and accessories and for the homecare provider or the HME involved, but also on going compliance reduction of chronic health care and disease problems, such as Type II diabetes and cardiovascular recurrences and others that can be improved by ongoing care. So it's a great combination again for the patient, the physician, the provider, and ResMed as well as we contribute to that.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Sure. So the home sleep testing is progressing right along the schedule that we predicted a couple of years ago. First year it was out there, first calendar year, it was really about is it here to stay or not and clearly it is. Last year was about the initiation of pilots in different types of providers; some HMEs, some primary-care physicians, some independent diagnostic testing facilities, and certainly sleep physicians. And there were a number of pilots that we're aware of that have used, by the way, various types of diagnostic devices and have tried different processes to accomplish it. And as you might expect, some of the business models flushed out and others are doing quite well. So that's progressing well. And what's very interesting and encouraging actually is in the last — oh G-d, it's probably about 14 weeks or so, we've heard a very different voice even among the sleep physicians where the understanding the acceptance that home sleep testing is here to stay and it makes most sense to understand how to integrate that within your practice . The number of questions, the interest in getting involve in pilots and acquiring home sleep testing devices has increased substantially. So I think that's a good signal for the market to say look, the pilots are working and it's time to move forward with greater acceptance. Now, there was the three Ps we've always talked about; it was process, it was payment, and it was politics. The process and the payment we've really figured out. People are getting paid for it and the process is what I just mentioned. The politics is really driven by the payers moving from a you can do HST to a you must do HST, and that's what we referred to. There's some insurance companies in certain parts of the country that are piloting with that, but it's a little bit harder to predict exactly when they're going to flip to that you must phase, although we do know that some large insurers are considering it. They have put together teams to look at it and it certainly wouldn't be surprising if before the end of this calendar year, again hard to predict, but it wouldn't be surprising if one of the large ones moves and starts requiring that. And then that just opens up the gate towards further enhancement. So this is a good process for the industry to follow. You don't want it happening all at once because things fall apart then. This process of the gentle boil, of working out the pilots, of getting it integrated, and showing that it actually promotes good care and it's not going to promote some overuse or overutilization has been very positive. That does roll into occupational health and safety. The interest within the transportation sector in the trucking community, the airline pilots, boat riders and what not, there is a number of companies that have sprung up to try to serve those and there are some large customers that are already in the HME business as an example, or in the sleep diagnosis business, which are trying to integrate that into their practice. So I'd say that that foundation continues to be built. It always takes a little longer than you think it's going to take, but all the signals are positive.
Kieran T. Gallahue: So on the capital management side yeah, we do have a very strong balance sheet. We mentioned the cash balance and of course we've got about $140-$150 million in debt that offsets that. We're very comfortable with the position we've taken to date. You know that we again acquired about $30 million of our own stock back during this last quarter and that's in addition to what we've done over the prior two years so we feel comfortable continuing to participate in those stock buybacks at an appropriate basis, and as Brett mentioned, we still have about 8.5 million shares left in that authorization for the buyback program. And we're always looking at other appropriate uses for cash, but we're very careful to let it burn a whole in our pocket and to look to do, for instance, M&A that is not appropriate or that we think is not going to add value to the business or that we think doesn't leverage the strength of the ResMed team. So we feel comfortable with what we've done to date.  As it relates to Narval, that acquisition is now complete. The team is in the midst of integration. It was a low risk way of putting a toe in the water of complimentary technologies for the treatment of mild sleep disorder breathing and particularly of obstructive sleep apnea. It is, just to remind those on the phone, a company that's based in Leon, France which is great because it's right next to where our commercial headquarters is in France and in fact we're going to be combining those facilities shortly. We've already begun integrating the teams. It is one of two players — only two players in the market within France that have reimbursement for these MRD devices, and they already had a running start. They have a reputation within the industry, and maybe most importantly for us, we saw a pathway to profitability by participating in this category. They use CAD/CAM technology for much of their manufacturing and we saw that as a technology that allows scalability and allows the device manufacturer to actually make a return on these, and we can leverage our experience, our history, our relationships within the sleep community and be able to appropriately promote these technologies, again for the appropriate uses.  So it's an experiment at this point that's going well and as appropriate we're going to investigate other countries to expand into and we'll look at everything you'd expect us to look at. We're going to look at the distribution that's required in those marketplaces, we're going outlook at the price points in those marketplaces, and we're going to look at our strengths in those marketplaces, and then market by market we'll make a business decision about expansion. So early days, but we're very pleased with that acquisition.
Kieran T. Gallahue: And just add a little color as well, you did mention the management by exception and one of the things that Mick had highlighted earlier were a number of the feature set that are designed for improved comfort and improved compliance. So our true objective here first of all is to produce the exceptions to make it easier for people to get compliance, and then certainly using our leadership positioning in our wireless monitoring to be able to make those few exceptions that do exist then or for those exceptions that do exist to certainly be able to treat them in the most cost effective way.
Kieran T. Gallahue: We're very careful about the use of patient data. That's proprietary to the physicians and to the care providers and so we are very careful about that. We have other ways of gathering that data. We have very strong relationships in the sleep community and our innovation team is very successful. We don't need to look at those avenues for data. It's a good question, but that's not what we want to use the data for.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Yeah. These are the same questions that have really been coming up for the last year, year and a half, and I'm pleased that we can say that it's been consistent that we remain very positive that you have double-digit growth. The Americas, we had said about a year ago we thought it would come off maybe a couple of points, but it was still up around the 12% or so range. I think we continue to feel comfortable that that's about right, perhaps a few points ahead of that on volume, but that would be on a revenue basis. And in Europe in the high single digits, and so for a blended growth rate in the double-digit ranges. So I think we still feel the underlying strength in that market. I think you have to be careful when you're looking at these proxies. Part of what you're missing sometimes when you look at just one indicator of potential growth, let's say number of beds is first of all there is still bed growth and sometimes you have better bed utilization. So for instance you have people that were doing two-night studies that will go to a split-night study. So instead of doing a study one night and the next night a titration, they'll get the patient all in one night or they're working at how to reduce their no-show lists, et cetera.  So there's a lot of different avenues that can contribute to growth on that side, and then in addition you continue to have HMEs were are working at maintaining compliance. The stick, if you will, that CMS put out there a year and a half ago could very well be the best thing that happened for patient care because what it said is you the HME need to spend more time making sure these patients are compliant or else you don't get paid in the short run. And we know that once you get those patients compliant in not only the short run, but they represent very significant opportunity in the longer run with continued accessory sales, continued market sales, and eventually continued CPAP sales. So that's been a positive contributor as well that as people maintain their focus on compliance it's a good situation for the industry and it helps the focus on trailing annuities.
Kieran T. Gallahue: It's very difficult to get that level of granularity. You have HMEs which are very protective of their data and it's the same SKU, if you will, that goes to a new patient versus an existing patient. So we have some proxies where we have certain customers that do their compliant user replenishment through certain locations so we get a sense for their focus, but I think more importantly it's in our customer relationships where we get feedback from the sales force and know that patients are instituting these replenishment programs.  So I can't break it down to the figures and I certainly couldn't do it on a short-term basis, but I think we do feel comfortable that that focus on generating compliance and then mining the compliant users continues to expand.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Yeah look, I think there's no reason that home sleep test can't improve the volume of patients going through this market. Again you never get into sort of the quarter-to-quarter stuff, but if you look at it over the medium term, if you look at it over the longer term, and you look at what home sleep testing brings, it stops or it eliminates some forms of leakage. So let's just talk about two of them as an example. 30% of the patients who get a referral to a sleep lab never show up, and why don't they show up? They don't show up maybe because it's a several hundred dollar co pay, they don't show up because they've got to be away from their family for a night. They don't show up because they don't want to be wired up like Gulliver's Travels with a camera on them all night. It's not very comfortable when you think about it.  Now, lots of people still do it which tells you how important this disorder is and how important treating this disorder is, but still, 30% don't show up. If HST does nothing other than take that 30% number to 15%, you're talking about a 20% increase in the flow of patients that get diagnosed at that point, right? Then there's a secondary form of leakage which is — now again, put yourself in the place of a primary-care physician and you are looking at a patient and trying to determine whether to send them to a sleep lab or have a sleep test. If they have an expensive test that's very inconvenience, your index of suspicion has to be pretty darn high before you send them to that test. Now you have a test that's simple to use, that can be used in their own home, but is still highly accurate — that borderline case that maybe you weren't going to send for a sleep test before, now you're going to be willing to send. So if you just strip away everything else and just focus on the facts and the common sense piece of it, the ability for this to contribute to growth I think I quite significant and I think as a company we're very comfortable with that.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Well, I don't know about a direct corollary with that action, but I will say in general the market remains healthy. We got into this with the questions before on gross margin and I think as Brett very well articulated, we feel just real comfortable with our product flow. We feel very comfortable with our ability to reduce our cost per future set that we're delivering, and we feel comfortable with the ability to continue to provide premium products with new feature sets that can allow us to have customers trade up within the marketplace, just as we've seen with the auto setting devices because of the data capabilities and because of the Easy-Breathe motor technology. And as we've seen in the bilevel category which historically we've been very underpenetrated and we've been able to, with what we believe is a superior product, 75%+ quieter than the competition, very responsive — we're able to move in there and trade them up. So we see the market. Certainly price pressures won't go away tomorrow. The ability to significantly raise prices I think would be difficult to forecast that, but I think through product mix on one side, through delivering feature sets that are meaningful that can drive compliance, can reduce cost of delivering the product for the customer — we have, I think, a very strong value proposition.
Kieran T. Gallahue: We feel it's important to support industry efforts that are geared towards recognizing the value that HMEs provide, the service that they provide to the industry, and to recognize the advantages that home care brings to the health care system. I mean, when we think about what health care systems around the globe are struggling with, they're trying to keep people out of a lot of these expensive hospital settings, but at the same time they're trying to manage chronic disorders and they're trying to get more predictive in care . Categories like the treatment of sleep disorder breathing or the use of adaptive server ventilation in treating heart failure that is big — we have a large study that is ongoing right now in Europe and we're very, very optimistic about the results that we expect to see in a couple of years in that category. Those things we think are important for people to know about. Now, we don't do a lot of direct lobbying, but we certainly support several industry groups that are engaged and are involved in getting the word out.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Yeah, great question. So as you know, when we enter an area that we're already in, I think a good example would be the Swift FX or the S9 which are basically replacements for existing products, and it's true with other products as well, but I think it's always easier to sort of calculate that delta on the things that exist. Our belief and our direction to the R&D team, and it's a very, very capable team, is to design products that can improve the feature sets, so it can improve the efficacy or improve the aesthetics or have some meaningful benefit to patients and to customers, but to do it at a lower cost basis. And that's particular enabled when you go through generational leaps.  When you go through the normal learning curve you certainly have some substantial benefits that you can provide, but when you do generational leaps, and I think a good example will be the S9, it gives you the ability to take advantage of developments that have occurred within the electronics industry as an example, or within the computing industry, or in the communications industry. And we can apply some of those improvements to new platforms. So absolutely, we will look at examples within the mask category, we will loo at examples within the flow generators, and I mention just two right off the top of my head. Both of those would represent opportunities for not only enhancement of performance, but also offer cost of goods reduction.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Well it's always hard to give you accurate or specific figures on compliance and the reason is any HME you talk to is between 85%-95% compliant. They're always the best at it and it's the guy down the street that has the problem. But I will say that we feel comfortable that because of the change in the technology that is being used and because of the informatic capabilities of those devices — Mick mentioned before that customers and patients who have access to data and they engage in the use of that data, that it demonstrates a focus that improves compliance. And the nature of what we are delivering today and the increase in the number of auto set devices as an example, the use of ResTraxx as an example, and maybe even forgetting all those and just say the focus of the HME; understanding and knowing the importance of compliance and reinforcing of that, all of that leads to greater touch points with patients which will inevitably lead to higher compliance. So I think we can feel comfortable saying directionally it is moving in the right direction. I think it will be a little bit harder to get more specific on the numbers in the short term.
Kieran T. Gallahue: Well great, thank you, everybody, for your time and attention. As always, we would like to thank our employees all over the globe in the various functions for their stellar efforts that drive ResMed's performance. I think you can see that in not only the results of this quarter, but you can see it in the product flow that we have begun launching throughout this year and the pipeline that we have to follow. So it's a very exciting time for ResMed. We're very pleased with the efforts and the results of the team throughout the globe and we look forward to updating you as we move into the next quarter. Thanks, everybody.
