Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Kevin. Hello, everyone. Welcome to ResMed’s third quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings call. We are live webcasting this call and the replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today. Our earnings press release and presentation are both available online now. During today’s call, we will discuss several non-GAAP measures that we believe provide useful information for investors. This information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review the supporting schedules in today’s earnings press release to reconcile the non-GAAP measures with the GAAP reported numbers. In addition, our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, expectations about our future financial and operating performance. We make these statements based on reasonable assumptions, however, our actual results could differ. Please review our SEC filings for a complete discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. I’d like to now turn the call over to ResMed’s Chairman and CEO, Mick Farrell.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Brett. Thanks Mick. Kevin, let’s go ahead and turn the call back over to you to provide the instructions and then run the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Mick, and thanks, everyone, for listening. We do appreciate your interest and your time. If you have any additional questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out directly. This concludes ResMed’s third quarter 2024 conference call. Kevin, I’ll turn it back to you to officially close us out.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks Dan. It’s a good question and obviously as we talked about on the call a quarter ago and two quarters ago we’ve got long-term programs and short-term programs that are moving very carefully to move our gross margin up. Some -- very long-term as we walk through the launch of our AirSense 11 platform which is at a better cost point, a better price point. Launch of our new masks, the F40 last quarter and these have effects that go over long-term. Some of the faster impacts we’re able to do is working through the inventory that were high freight costs from the semiconductor crisis and the supply chain crisis from six months, nine months, 12 months, 18 months ago that are flowing through our system. So look, I’m not upset when the team overperforms my expectations as they did here. As Brett said in Q4 we’ll see some moderation of that due to Red Sea impacts of a couple of tens of basis points, sort of 30 basis points, 40 basis points. Brett can give more detail on that. But look Dan, I’m very, what I’m excited about...
Mick Farrell: Okay. Great. Well I’ll hand over to Brett to answer the question on gross margin and then I’ll follow up. I don’t know where I got cut off there. Brett, you do. Over to you.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Craig. And yeah, no, we really didn’t see, I mean, look, we’ve got many competitors out there in Europe, Asia, rest of the world, including the one you mentioned, and it’s a full playing field. It has been the whole time on masks, so there’s no change to anyone coming back or leaving on the mask side. On the device side, no huge impacts. We were comping a very large device number, Europe, Asia, rest of the world, this quarter last year, we had a 36% growth that we’re comping. And so we had good growth there on a 36% comp at plus 1%. And if you take out from last year, a large ventilation provision in China, this time a year ago, China had a big COVID impact on ventilator purchase. If you take that out, the year-on-year growth would have been 8% in Europe, Asia, rest of world devices. So up 700 basis points. So look, the way I look at it is, we’re maintaining or growing share in all of our markets on the device side. We’re the market leader with the AirSense 11 platform. And we’ve got the second best platform in the world with the AirSense 10 platform against all competitors and so really strong there. So no major impacts from restocking and no major impacts from competitive activity and I think we had a very, very strong performance from the team in terms of their ability to ramp up the supply over the last period and get it all out there. And we’re not -- no customer is not being able to fulfill an order. If they have an order for devices, we fill it up as much as we can with AirSense 11s and then we fill up the remainder with AirSense 10s and we’re able to take care of those customer needs and so really good quarter of execution by our supply chain teams, as well as our delivery teams and our commercial teams out there.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Two great components to the same question there, David. In terms of new patient starts, as you saw in U.S., Canada, Latin America, we achieved pretty strong growth of 7% of devices in the quarter and that was on a comp, this time last year of 49%. So what I’d say is, and this is what we say, is that the market is sort of, if ResMed doesn’t do enough around demand gen, the market will grow at mid-single digits on devices and high-single digits on masks. Obviously, we beat that this quarter with our device growth in the U.S, Canada, Latin America at 7%. So new patient starts are strong. There is some repat there, but it’s a minority, and I can tell you that new patient flow into our channel has been steady. And we said this last quarter that we’re starting to get back to that steady flow of patients. We’ve sort of gone through the perturbations of the COVID dip, the COVID rebound, the supply chain dip, the supply chain rebound, and now we’re at steady state. So seeing really good flow of patients into the U.S. As I said on the prepared remarks, we are seeing these patients who come in on the GLP-1s and it’s only N equals 660,000 patients that we’re looking at, but that’s quite a big cohort. And as we look at those patients, their propensity to start being 10.5% above people without a prescription for that drug, I actually think we’re seeing a really good flow that I think will be a long-term, I think, there’s a long period of time, the S-curve of penetration of these GLP-1s, and I think, that’s going to be a long cohort of patients coming into the channel. So really good on new patient starts. And in terms of ReSupply, yeah, look, we’ve got really good capabilities in the U.S., particularly with Brightree and Snap technologies and Brightree ReSupply, and our subscription models and our cash pay markets around the world. But there’s a lot more runway left. There’s many patients who aren’t yet on a subscription program and cash pay markets, and there’s many patients who aren’t yet on appropriate resupply in our large and developed markets. So I would say new patient flow in is very solid. ReSupply, whether it’s REPAP or reestablishing masks and accessories, is good, but a lot of runway left, a lot of runway left on both in terms of demand gen and resupply.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Anthony. And yeah, certainly we saw the headline results from that SURMOUNT-OSA trial, and look, since they had, just to be really clear, their study had that at least seven-day washout at the end on the study that had patients that had been using CPAP. So with that seven-day to nine-day washout period at the end, this was really a trial laser-focused on comparing their drug to placebo. And what it showed is somewhere in that sort of 59% to 63% reduction of AHI, and if you do the math on it and you look at the sort of average AHI coming in of around 50%, the average AHI coming out is sort of in the low 20%s. So patients were, at the end of the study, on average, were suffocating every 3 minutes of sleep after treatment for this drug, right? And so AHI of 20% or more, moderate plus sleep apnea, these patients would be treated by any sleep physician on the planet and really require positive airway pressure treatment. So I think that’s the most important thing to say right up front. And so as we look at the readout that’ll come in June when they release the full analysis here and the primary investigators get up and we see all the sub-analysis data, what will be interesting is to look at, because the combination therapy of CPAP plus CAPAP plus these GLP-1s had a slightly higher efficacy, if you like, it had a higher reduction in AHI. I’ll be interested to look on the secondary outcomes, were there more blood pressure reductions and other cardiovascular improvements, heart remodeling and things like that happen over time and the washout period might have diluted that a little bit, it’ll depend on where they took them. But those would be the things that I’d be interested in on this study. As we see it, we’re seeing new patients come in on this and not just anecdotally from the letters I get from patients saying, I’ve been using a GLP-1 and now I’m using a PAP, this combination therapy is great, I’m taking care of my diet, my exercise and my sleep. But we’re seeing real world evidence, real world data that we’re presenting, N equals 660,000 patients and these patients start CPAP more, they adhere more. I mean, the fact that at 12 months ReSupply goes up 3.1%, 310 basis points. The fact that ReSupply at 24 months goes up 500 basis points, 5 absolute percentage points higher, means that this is not only more patients into the funnel from this drug and not just this particular drug from this particular company, but this class of drugs. We included tirzepatide and semaglutide in our analysis and others. All new gen, vast majority new gen tech. And I can tell you, we are going to do our own social media driven demand gen, but the fact that Big Tech with the Samsung Watch, the Apple Watch and Google’s Fitbit are going to be bringing patients in and Big Pharma, and this is trillions of dollars of capital between these companies are going to be doing advertising to drive patients into the funnel. We think this is a net tailwind for our business. We’ve started to see it somewhat now at the very early stages and we think it’ll be there in the future. So that’s what we’ll be looking for from this study, Anthony.
Mick Farrell: Well, yeah. Thanks, Margaret. It’s a great question on how we’re going to learn from our many years of experience of getting patients in the funnel and taking it to the next level and scaling globally. As you know, we’ve had sort of direct to consumer campaigns in our cash paid countries, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and others around the world. One of the big changes we made in our 2030 operating model was to establish a Global Chief Product Officer, Global Chief Revenue Officer, but also a Global Chief Marketing Officer. And I think bringing that marketing function to be across the whole of the sleep health and breathing health business, and really across our whole ResMed business, is going to allow us to bring. Yeah, as you said, we did experiments in that joint venture where, by the way, we own all the intellectual property and capability of that joint venture, the assets and capability that we learned over those last many years in that JV. We’ve now taken that on board and we’ve said, okay, let’s not just do that in one metropolitan statistical area in the United States or within one country like Australia or another country like Singapore or Korea. Let’s look at ways we can scale that globally. So without signaling directly and exactly how, where, and when we’re going to do it, I can tell you we’ve got a global team looking at this, Margaret, and as we go throughout fiscal year 2025, we’re going to talk about, as they go public, this is the campaign. One thing that is different from what we did before is that I believe in what gets measured gets done and every single campaign we’re going to do is going to have hardcore metrics of sponsorship here, driven here and influence it there, this social media impact there. We’ll look at the ROI, and before it scales, we’re going to analyze that portfolio of primarily social media but other media-driven demand gen, and yes, it will be local, but it’ll also be national, and there’ll be global. The platforms will be global, the cultural impacts will be national, and then the impact will be local, and we’ll be measuring that direct ROI of that marketing spend. As you saw in the quarter, we were very efficient on SG&A this quarter. We will go back to our steady state on that, not growing at revenue, well below, but getting up to better growth and those investments will go in areas like this, in demand gen on SG&A, and of course, our core R&D growth will go back into AI and generative AI. I can tell you some of our work on generative AI in Asia-Pacific, helping a patient in that digital health concierge through the channel will be a big part of our demand gen as well, so a combination between R&D and SG&A there, but great question, Margaret, and we’ll update you as we move through fiscal year 2025 and beyond on our demand gen initiatives.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Gretel. Brett, with this great performance from your finance and our global supply chain team, you’re getting all the questions this quarter, so over to you on projections for gross margin for FY 2025 to answer Gretel’s question.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Brett, it’s a really good question. It’s quite a complex one and I think it’ll play out over time. We’ve obviously got very strong quantitative data with the 660,000 subjects that we’re following in that analysis. But we get a lot of anecdotal information from folks, all the way from folks who are involved in the clinical research to frontline physicians through our network and we position this across 140 countries. These new medications are primarily focused on the U.S. and Western Europe right now. But as we watch, our hypothesis is that this new therapy is bringing people into the healthcare system who weren’t previously there. They weren’t choosing to go as frequently to their GP or their primary care physician. They are now seeing that PCP, that GP, and now they are getting treated for not only their obesity, but now other chronic diseases and we’ve seen this in other disease states from some of our peers here in medtech. But yeah, it’s quite extraordinary to have 10.5% higher propensity to start positive airway pressure therapy. There are not many other factors recently in terms of innovations from biotech and pharma that we’ve seen that could drive this level. And so it is early days as those drugs are penetrated in the U.S., Western Europe, and beyond. But we’re watching it very closely. I do think that these trillions of dollars worth of capital will bring lots of advertising and will bring lots of patients into the funnel. And then our job will be to help those patients to find the best path to the best therapy and the best therapy is positive airway pressure therapy and we’re seeing that in these early days. And yeah, I think as we move forward, we’ll learn more and we’ll keep updating as we go every quarter on our flow of patients that come into the funnel, how we’re seeing them and how we’re taking care of them through our own demand gen, through the demand gen that will be driven by this Big Pharma. And one that we didn’t get a question on, but I talked about on my prepared remarks there on Big Tech. I think the fact that there’ll be wearables on tens of millions, maybe hundreds of millions of people’s wrists, looking at oximetry, looking at nocturnal sleep, looking at nocturnal breathing and helping patients find out if they’re not sleeping well, they’re not breathing well. I think that might actually be a higher tidal wave than the Big Pharma tidal wave. But we’ll watch that as we move forward, DAN. Thanks for the question, Brett.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Mike. And the competitor you mentioned is leaving the U.S. market for life support ventilation. They will still, at this point, I think, claim to be coming back with CPAP, APAP and Bilevel. So that Bilevels are non-invasive ventilation. They reach an area of non-invasive ventilation. So we expect them back in that market. Look, I think there are opportunities in ventilation. Obviously, we saw through the COVID crisis, there was a very large volume of ventilators sold into the world in 2020, 2021, 2022. We talked about even just in 2023, we’re lapping a quarter where there were large sales a year ago into China of ventilators. And so I think, if you like, the supply of ventilators into the market is quite high. So there’s no huge sort of immediate opportunity by our competitor leaving life support ventilation in the U.S. But we are there to take care of our customers wherever they are, whatever country they’re in and whatever needs they have. For us, the more material growth is really around driving our CPAP, our APAP and our Bilevels with AirSense 11 and AirCurve 11. And the AirCurve 11, in terms of your question, non-invasive ventilation, has AirCurve S, AirCurve ST and AirCurve FTI. And at the highest level, it has an AirCurve ASV, which is the highest level of adaptive server ventilation. All these together form types of non-invasive ventilation to treat patients with COPD or neuromuscular disease that leads to respiratory insufficiency. And ResMed has the best platform in the planet to treat them. We think it’s a huge opportunity. Many hundreds of millions of patients worldwide have COPD, neuromuscular disease and respiratory insufficiency and ResMed is there for them now and will be for them there in the future. It’s a long-term growth opportunity. It’s not a short-term pop. It’s a long-term growth opportunity for us to take care of these patients and help them sleep better, breathe better and our AirCurve platform is going to be fantastic to do that.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Steve. I’ll start out with this fact that we’re still selling the S9 product in China right now. And so, getting rid of it completely, right, the AirSense 10, will take a while because there’s great markets around the world where technology is useful for a long period of time. But I think what you’re talking to is the materiality of the AirSense 11 becoming the primary in global markets. I can tell you this, the AirSense 11 is already the primary platform in our biggest market in the U.S. It’s already well into the majority and growing quickly. And no customer who wants to order from ResMed can’t get AirSense 11s, as well as AirSense 10s. We do limit sometimes the AirSense 11s, because there’s so many customers from small, large regionals to statewide groups to nationals and we’ve got to balance the flow to make sure every person has a fair chance to get an AirSense 11 and then we cover the difference with the awesome AirSense 10s. So, we’re already over the majority in the U.S. As we look at other big markets around the world, you know, Germany, Japan, France, U.K., and beyond, the AirSense 11s are ramping very quickly and they’ll quickly get to the majority across those areas. As we look to more of the countries, hundreds more countries around the world than those top 20, our job is, as I said in the prep remarks, to get the regulatory clearances. Some of these countries require all separate paperwork and time and effort, and so we have to analyze how quickly we can do that and we are also working with authorities to see if we can get clearances that can be used across multiple regions. And so, Steve, we’re working very hard to get AirSense 11 in all countries and to the majority in all countries. I hope that answers your question.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Mike. And no, look, what we’re seeing in the markets where that competitor’s returned is that they’re pricing for value and they’re trying to compete on value. And primarily as they come back from sort of zero percent share with new patients as they start in the market, they’re competing with the sort of Tier 2 and Tier 3 players, so a local player in Europe or a local player in Asia, and they’re not touching our share as the global market leader and global technology leader in this space. And the work that we’ve been able to do these number of years that they were out of each market is to really entrench ourselves because we’ve got the lowest cost, the highest efficacy, the best technology, and physicians love our digital data, patients love the engagement with myAir and the whole ecosystem creates that value. So we really have seen, you know, as they come in, they’re pricing for value and competing with Tier 2, Tier 3 players in those markets. As to when they’ll re-enter from zero percent new patient share into the U.S. market, I don’t know. You can do your own analysis on consent decrees. This one’s a very severe one. It has a lot of inspectors, sort of five times the normal number of inspectors. I think five versus one and a lot of constraints on that. I look forward to great competition. We’ve got good competition from the players there now. When they come back, they’ll have to compete with them first and us after that. But, no, look, we were winning and taking share from that competitor in 2019 all the way from 2010 to 2019. We’ll continue to do that and beat them whenever they come back to market. Thanks for the question.
Mick Farrell: Great. Well, thanks, Kevin, and thanks to all of our stakeholders for joining this call, especially our shareholders. The opportunity in front of ResMed is huge and largely untapped. It’s an incredible runway. We see more and more people coming into the healthcare system. This will benefit us as we help them sleep better, breathe better, and to live better and healthier and happier lives in over 140 countries. Thank you to 10,000 ResMedians, many of whom listened to this call and are also shareholders, for all that you do today and every day. With that, I’ll hand the call back to Amy and we can close it out.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Thanks, Mick. I’m not sure where that landed, but, yeah, in terms of gross margin, it is hard to predict given the movements in, we have product mix, geographic mix, timing of cost improvements, FX, freight costs. So it’s all into the mix that we had pretty strong improvement through freight expense, through manufacturing efficiencies and so on coming through and that helped a lot. Stable component costs also means that’s no longer a headwind there. So I think that’s all reflected in the gross margin improvement. And as Mick said, in the short-term, there is some Red Sea freight cost impacts that will come through in Q4 but our goal remains to improve gross margin over the course of FY 2025.
Brett Sandercock: Sure. Yeah. Thanks, Mick. Yeah. I mean, that -- of that year-on-year, the 240 basis points, the biggest contributors were the freight cost reduction and also the manufacturing cost improvements were the biggest drivers there. We saw some benefit or some favorable product mix playing out there and a little bit in terms of ASP increases, but by far the most significant two, which were significantly contributed in their own right, were the freight expense reduction and the manufacturing cost improvements.
Brett Sandercock: I would say -- I wouldn’t get drawn into specifics of each of the components, but I would say, both of those are material in their own right of contributing to that 240 basis points.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. Thanks, Mick. I mean, the only thing I would add is the geographic mix impacts tend to be pretty modest. You do see that, but for example, product mixes usually has much more impact than geographic mix. So it’s less of an impact on our margin either way from geographic mix. It’s there, but it’s not substantial.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. Thanks, Mick. Yeah. Gretel, I mean, there is -- yeah, there’s been quite a good increase year-on-year and freight and some manufacturing efficiencies, cost improvements there, obviously played a big part. We’re also not so much facing the headwinds of these component cost increases that we saw sort of six months to 12 months ago as well. But if you look forward, and it’s always hard to predict, as I mentioned earlier, there’s a lot that plays out on the gross margin, product mix, the timing of the cost improvements or the continuous improvement programs that we’re now running, and we’ve had an opportunity to do that. We’re really, really focused on supply and getting devices into the market. So now as that stabilizes, then that gives us an opportunity to work on cost improvement programs. So we’re focusing on that. So the goal, without being specific on targets, but certainly our goal is to improve gross margin over the course of FY 2025. And we’ve got, probably need to do that on a number of fronts, which is more around a continuous improvement or gradual improvement program now, I think, as we work through FY 2025.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. Hi, Saul. I think, yeah, we had -- I mean, the team’s been working hard on that for a while now, so you’re starting to see the results there in the balance sheet and in the inventory, which is great. We’re getting pretty close to our targets on inventory, so I’d say it’s -- there could be modest reductions, there could be modest gains there. It’s more around making sure we’re balancing supply and demand now. So I’d say it’s pretty close to targets on kind of where we’re at now for the inventory.
