Amy Wakeham: Great, thank you, Christine. Good afternoon and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us, and welcome to ResMed's second quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings call. This call is being webcast live and the replay, along with a copy of the earnings press release and our updated investor presentation, will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today. Joining me on the call today to discuss our quarterly results are CEO, Mick Farrell; and CFO, Brett Sandercock. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. During our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures, please review the notes to today's earnings release. As a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about our future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results may differ. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great, thank you Brett. We'll now turn to the Q&A portion of the call. I would like to remind everyone to limit yourself to one question and if you have additional questions, please feel free to return to the call queue. Christine. We're now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham: Great, thank you all again, for joining us today and to echo Mick, thanks for bearing with us through the audio difficulties. If you do have any questions or additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out. As previously mentioned, all the documents along with the transcript and hopefully a clean replay of today's call will be available on our website. Christine, you can now close the call.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, thanks for your question, Margaret. And as you noted, there's a number of factors contributing to this very strong mask growth that we had, 16% constant currency on a global basis, and even taking out some of the software just well up there in the mid-teens. You hit on pretty much all of them. There's an increased adherence that we're driving through our digital health solutions when we're achieving 87% adherence, when the doctor is using AirView and the patient is using myAir, and all the digital techs in play that drives up our mask growth. Secondly, when there's resupply and patients have the opportunity if they want to, to participate in getting a fresh mask as their old mask becomes used, and we are partnering with Brightree, Connect, and with ResMed ReSupply to provide that and the acquisition of SnapWorx will help. And then thirdly and really importantly, these last 15 months, the steady flow of four really exciting new mask innovations. Interestingly, these mask innovations aren't to replace a previous product, but to go after underserved or under met customer needs. And we call the minimalist category and the freedom category where people move through different positions during sleep; prone, left, right, sleepers want a Freedom mask and people who had some claustrophobia or want small, larger masks go to the minimalist category, and the F30 that we just launched is right in the heart of both of those. So it's all the above contributing to this really strong growth. We still think that the market growth right is in the high-single digits for masks. And we took really good share during this December quarter. Our job and challenge is to keep driving all those things: resupply, adherence, mask innovation and we plan to do just that.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, Matthew, that's a really good question. I'll hand that to Jim Hollingshead, the President of our Sleep Division to walk through that.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Sean. Well, we don't talk in our core business or in our new software businesses about individual customers or partners until things are public and moving along, but there was a public data last quarter from our work with pilot trials with both GSK and Novartis in the Propeller area looking at inhaled pharmaceutical medicines. Look, the beauty of it – as I sort of described in the opening remarks, the beauty of Propeller is it provides an end-to-end platform to help us take care of people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. And so, Stage 1 and 2, with Propeller, we can take care of the patients, ensure they have the medicines that their doctor prescribed for them but also engage with that person because they're going to – it's a progressive disease, they're going to move from Stage 1 to Stage 2 and Stage 3 and Stage 4 COPD. And so our goal with Propeller is not just to have a partnership with pharma company A or B, but it's to really create a platform where we help end-to-end management of a person as they move through disease progression and it helps us engage with that person to help them adhere to their therapy, whether that therapy is the pharmaceutical inhaler or that therapy is a portable oxygen concentrated or that therapy as they move forward is a non-invasive ventilator or a life support ventilator. And so that's our goal with these partnerships. As we hit milestones during 2020 on the pharma side and as we hit milestones on the healthcare system side, we'll give updates on that. But look, yes, we did talk to the MAGNIFY trial that we're still enrolling patients for with Novartis. That's in its early days. So we will give updates on the clinical data, but also importantly commercial partnerships as they move forward through 2020. Thanks for your question, Sean.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Steve. That allows us to talk to our investment in SAAS and again SAAS this quarter was 12% of our global revenue. And so it's a sector that we're calling out and you'll see that in our financials. It's a very hyper competitive sector, when you look at HME software, you look at skilled nursing facility software and you look at home health and hospice software, so I'm going to be really hesitant to give detailed market share and/or growth rates within each of those sectors. What I said on the prepared remarks is true that cost – if you look at ResMed's weighted average revenue across HME, skilled nursing facility, home health and hospice, as well as the others private duty home care and client communities. The weighted average market growth rate in those sectors is in that high single digit. And during the December quarter over that portfolio we held share, we grew at the – taking out the acquisition benefit that gave us 37% growth. We grew in that high single digit on our weighted average portfolio. One thing I'll say is we've – when we hit April here in 2020, we will have and Brightree four years. And as you guys remember, because you followed the stock for a long time, the first two years with Brightree we were investing. Yeah, we put some new management team leaders in there we brought in new CEO, new CTO and some skill sets in R&D. We're doing very similar things now in our MatrixCare journey. And so I'm not going to break it out in detail, but qualitatively I'll say that the investments that we put in those first two years into Brightree are really starting to pay off. We've got new logos, new customers, new modules, and we're taking share, the growth is picking up. And at MatrixCare we're making those investments today in more R&D, more management skills and capabilities and looking obviously back in synergies across our portfolio. So I think we can meet or beat the timing of our Brightree investments and the strong and sustainable growth that we're now getting out of that in our MatrixCare investment.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, there's a little bit of that. I'll hand it to Brett to go through the financial details on that.
Mick Farrell: Thanks Lyanne. Yeah, so you're talking about our expansion of – our resupply capabilities, we went into some diabetic supplies and orthotics and urology products and so those – they're not a material part of ResMed's overall business. But they were a good expansion of ResMed's capabilities to look off to the HME sector beyond just sleep apnea and sleep app supplies that we are very good at making sure that they work through and so it's not material to our overall business. I'm not going to break out the specifics and other than to say they're going well and customers are adopting them and I'd love them to become a material part of our overall business to be able to break out like that. But it's early days and it's a good strategic ply of Brightree to sort of expand their capability with workflow optimization and both the combination of live call and tech that we use on masks and sleep apnea supplies. It's the same technology used on those diabetics and those other areas of HME. And so we're just helping our customers grow their businesses and get appropriate resupply when customers are there and requiring for authorization for it as well. So sorry, I can't get more specific than that, Lyanne.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, so SnapWorx is a technology that adds to Brightree end-to-end capabilities that SnapWorx has to partner with the HME. So it goes beyond just the live call and technology capability. They have provided to a number of customers and ability to further reach out to customers. And we had observed this software that was partnering with our Brightree platform and performing really well with those customers. And so we had a relationship with SnapWorx over the last 12, 24, 36 months and we've seen them really grow into a really good technology talking and the Brightree team looked at the technology from the team there in Nashville, Tennessee that created this tech and the entrepreneurs that created it. And we're really excited not only by what they're achieving in the market, which has better adherence and better engagement with both the HME and really importantly, with the end user customer. And what I bring it back which is the patient, what I bring it back to this is some data, some clinical data that we presented from the 5.5 billion knots of data that show that as you increase adherence, and as you engage with the patient and resupply the two add to each other. And some data we just released last quarter shows that for every hour of sleep, we reduce the total healthcare costs for inpatient by 8%. So this is all tied together, right. So Brightree, resupply – ResMed resupply and SnapWorx will increase adherence, drive increased mask resupply and that will also through that increased adherence lower the costs of the total healthcare system by 8% for every hour of sleep after those seven hours and so I think that combination is really powerful of now Brightree plus SnapWorx. Now, it's early days, we're just literally going through the finals of this acquisition, but watch us over the next 12, 24 months and we'll give you updates obviously every quarter as to how well that integration on that technology's going.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the questions Anthony. I'll ask Rob to answer the first one around manufacturing and then Dave to answer the second one around the H.R.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, I said in the prepared – thanks for the question David. I said in the prepared remarks, it's the – so if you take that sort of global mask growth rate of 16%, and you take out Propeller software, you're going to be in the mid-teens, so maybe 100 basis points or something on global. And if you take the US growth, we're all pretty – I mean most of the Propeller software is the US growth on masks was 19% on a constant currency basis. If you take out Propeller and the software, you're about 200 basis points there, you're probably around 17% growth in the US territory, so 16 becomes around 15 and 19 would become around 17 David. I think that answers both your questions. And thanks to everyone for spending an extra eight minutes since we were eight minutes delayed due to the phone lines there, but appreciate that all.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah, it's a combination of both. We feel very confident in our overall position with mask that we’ve had so many masks launched, and and as Mick referenced, we've had several mask launches in the last 15 months. All of them have been successful launches. We now have a very wide portfolio. It's the widest portfolio offering of mask on the market. So, we continue to take new patient share across all three mask categories. I'm sure we're likely to also be getting competitors switching, and there's less market data available on that dynamic, but we're very confident we're taking new patient share pretty successfully.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes. Thanks Mick and thanks Shane. I would just add to add to a mix that just a couple things. The first one is the trend is we don't we don't talk about the number of publicly obviously, but the trend in the US has been steadily slowly, but steadily up over the last several years. And we attribute that both to the range of things Mick talked about earlier in the call. So better adherence tools that we're providing our platforms, better masks lead to better adherence initially and therefore better long term adherence and also the adoption of resupply platforms by our HME customers. So the trend is slowly and steadily up. It's still well below Medicare and commercial parallel levels and so it's a good trend and there's still a lot of opportunity.
Jim Hollingshead: Thank you, Dave. I'll just add to that, I mean, I think that's very well, but we do have very good relationships with all of our customers with our key customers and we'll work through it together. The other thing I would just remind everybody is a Medicare fee for service is the minority part of the market. So it's an important part of the market, but it's a small percentage of the market.
Jim Hollingshead: Sure yet, Mike, thanks for the question. I think it's an unreserved good that companies like Fitbit are putting in place technologies to help consumers understand how they're sleeping and whether they might have a sleep disorder. And we know that there's 936 million people globally, who suffer from sleep apnea, the vast majority of them don't know it. And forever in the industry, one of the bottlenecks has been driving awareness on the one hand and then making objective screening and then diagnosis, on the other hand easier and so when companies like Fitbit – there's a whole range of companies that are now doing something like that in the space. When they when they decide to put that out in consumers hands. It's fantastic for us and for those patients more importantly.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, thanks. Hi, John. Yeah, it was a low this quarter. And we did benefit, certainly from much lower litigation related expenses this quarter relative to last year. So that did certainly moderate that growth rate. In my guidance, I said, I think will revert back to the range of 23 to 25 for the second half, which would suggest that it will track higher in terms of growth rates for SG&A at least in the back half, but certainly helped by some reduction or significant reduction in litigation costs coming through this quarter relative to last year was probably the single biggest driver. And that certainly motivated the growth rate. And try to adjust for that in that kind of range above given as a percentage of revenue going forward to be a better indicator, I think.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, I mean, I think going forward the second half, I think we'll be consistent with where we are, would be an estimate on the gross margin, as you know, a lot of moving parts on that. That would be our expectation. If you look at the acquisitions, we did – [indiscernible] halfway through the quarter, but fairly – it's kind of fairly minimal impact this quarter, the big drivers of that year-on-year growth or expansion of that gross margin around the product mix. And that's really being driven by that out performance you're seeing in mask growth and that's typically high margins, what you would see on devices so that that's the biggest impact. And then we're still seeing manufacturing efficiencies, some around logistics and so on as well. And they continue to come through on gross margin, so they're the two big drivers this quarter.
Brett Sandercock: Sure. The probably the bigger one there is the – just through the software related to the – or the platform related to Propeller acquisition. So that's kind of – that's probably the biggest single delta, but there are a few other things there, but that's probably the biggest one.
David Pendarvis: Yeah. Thanks Gretel. We continue to be at the same place we were last quarter. And that is we're waiting along with everyone else in the industry what the results are, the competitive bids that are in. We expect them at the end of the North American summer. So sometime around August or September and we'll know where the results are. We are pleased with the efforts that we made and others in the industry made to educate bidders, so they understand the portfolio nature of the lead item pricing and the impact of bidding on CPAP reimbursement on mask reimbursement. We're comfortable that that we conduct business with our customers now on a portfolio basis. And however, reimbursement settles out in the Medicare space. We expect to there'll continue to be strong demand for mask resupply that will continue to be important part of our customers business and it'll be an important part for patients' long term adherence success. So we don't see any significant changes in the trajectory going forward. But obviously, like with everyone else, we just have to wait and see what the actual reimbursement amounts come out to be.
David Pendarvis: Sure, I mean, we already have ongoing discussions with our customers. We view them as good partners with us and we have robust discussions where they would like to get the best prices they can and we want to make sure that we serve them as best we can. That dynamic won't change with competitive bidding or anything else. So we expect to continue to have good discussions with them and the environment for the last year and a half and for the balance of calendar year '20 is that there's been about a 2% increase each year in the Medicare reimbursement. And so that's obviously contributed to a benign pricing environment that we've been experiencing for the last period of time. But we didn't participate with our customers in their bidding, obviously, they made their own decisions, we're confident that the bidding process will be a more fair one this time, and we're hoping it'll end up with a process that will be able to be good for the overall industry. But in terms of individual customer negotiations, Jim, you might want to comment on that.
David Pendarvis: Up again, so thanks, Mike. Non-invasive ventilation obviously is in two different categories. One what we would characterize as life support ventilation is the new category that it's now going to be a competitive bidding, our air curve ranges the buy levels have previously been in competitive bidding. So that's not changing. It's more on the life support side. And that is newly there, but they're also had been reductions in that reimbursement over the past few years leading up to this. So it's not necessarily the case that you'll see the same kinds of reductions that you saw in the round two kind of range previously for the sleep products. Nevertheless, we think it's important that patients can benefit particularly COPD patients can benefit from these devices, they ought to get into the hands and that's of those patients and it's certainly a device that requires a lot of service. A lot of people in the in the home are making sure the device is working appropriately, so you need to have a strong reimbursement for it. It's a smaller group of customers who actually do this kind of business, and they're probably likely to be focused on what their real cost of serving are. So again, we're optimistic that our customers are sophisticated customers, they'll bid appropriately, so that they can make an adequate margin to be able to provide that service that's really, particularly in this area very well needed. So we'll wait and see how it goes. But we don't break out specifically our sales of life support anywhere in the US or otherwise, but thanks.
David Pendarvis: And as to the bill and we certainly support that bill. Again, we think it's important that our customers receive the appropriate reimbursement and particularly in rural areas. It's difficult to do that. So we certainly support 2771. I think it's – you may have noticed there's a lot going on in Congress these days. So it's a little difficult to get anything through. But there is an opportunity in the middle part of the year, when I think some of the Medicare extenders come up for renewal, that there could be a push to get this along with some of the other items the industry supports in place. So we'll have to wait and see. But we certainly support that. And at a minimum, Congress indicating their support the industry is positive.
