Agnes Lee: Thank you, Laurel and thank you for attending ResMed’s live webcast. Joining me on the call today are Mick Farrell, our CEO and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website at investors.resmed.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy, integration of acquisitions and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in filings made by ResMed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I will now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
Agnes Lee: Thanks Brett. We will now turn to Q&A. And we ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions after that please get back into the queue. Laurel, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee: Thank you, everyone, again for joining us today. If there are any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available on our website in about two hours at investors.resmed.com. Laurel, you may now close the call.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Andrew. You are right in your caveat around the question, but we – for competitive reasons, we don’t think it benefits shareholder value to go into the details of product timing and product launches. But as you noted, there is some activity there in 510(k)s and we do plan to launch at least one new mask before the end of the calendar year and that’s all the information I will give on that. But in terms of your second part of your question, which was about connectivity and how we can use the fantastic ecosystem of connectivity that we have and the installed base of 2 million cloud-connected medical devices to interact with patients and the myAir application, where patients are connected directly to the cloud, we think it’s great to liberate these data and then to provide actionable information to patients. We think patients should know how long they have had their mask and when it’s time to replace their mask and we are seeing patients really engage in that. So we do think there is a strong link to that. And I think if you look at this quarter, where we saw 11% growth in masks and accessories in the Americas, clearly we have patients engaging on that front, more to come on new products and more to come on engaging patients over fiscal year ‘17.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks Joanne. Well, the whole sleep industry landscape has changed fundamentally, I would say in these last 18 months since we launched, 18-plus months since we launched, approaching 24 months since we launched Air Solutions. And the basis of competition in the space is now changed to be not only do the devices have to be quieter, smaller, more comfortable, but they also have to be more connected. And we think that connectivity has really changed the space. It’s meant that we are able to take waste out to increase adherence of patients and to remove some of the inefficient steps in the value chain and therefore extract some value for our partners our HME partners, our patient partners, our physician partners and also ourselves out of that. And so there is some mitigation of some of the historic price impacts. We don’t go into details on that, but at a high level, I think that shift to value from price discussions has been a really beneficial one for us and our partners and the whole industry in general.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks Ben. It’s Mick here. One of the beauties of recurring software-as-a-service business model that Brightree has established over these last 7 years, 8 years, 9 years since they have been in business is that it’s 80, 90-plus percent recurring revenue. And so you see a really steady flow, to Sean’s question, proves a really steady flow, not much seasonality and sort of building up of per customer, per user, per member, per month, if you like, per user per month type of revenue models and they build up over time. We have seen really solid double-digit growth in Brightree year-on-year to get to where they are now and we expect to continue to do that. We really like the Brightree model. We really like what value it provides in the core business, which is its HME channel and partnership business. One of the upsides I alluded to in the prepared remarks, but I think related to your question there about growth and future growth is home nursing, home health and hospice channels, these two – as our population ages in the West and it’s particularly focused on the U.S. market for this, there are some really exciting software-as-a-service revenue models, including iPad applications for home nurses directly entering data in the home that goes directly to the cloud, efficiency savings that are well ahead of the competition and really value that we can help extract for us and from new channel partners. And there is an upside for us and that there may be a large chunk of undiagnosed sleep apnea and COPD and untreated sleep apnea and COPD amongst those two channels. So there is sort two levels of upside. One is the core business is software-as-a-service and Brightree revenue in those two new channels, but secondly identifying patients for our core business in sleep apnea and our growing business in COPD.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Look – thanks for the question, Saul. We think the market growth rate for the markets that we play in is in that mid to high single-digits revenue range globally. And so we think hitting that 8% constant currency growth in EMEA and APAC we are slightly ahead of market growth there. We think we took some share in that sort of combined sleep and respiratory care space. And if you look at excluding Brightree, the core Americas business, excluding Brightree grew at 8% as well. And so again, I would say we are taking some share there, not a huge amount of share, but taking some share and against a very tough comparable from Q4 last year. We think that’s a pretty good performance. And as we look forward, that’s our goal, right. We don’t accept market growth. We like to drive market growth. We like to have innovations that create opportunities for us to grow ahead of the curve and so we don’t give guidance as you know, but we see the market growing in that mid to high single-digits and we like to meet or beat on a regular basis.
Mick Farrell: Matt, the interest rate for us would be around – is rough number around that 2% mark in terms of funding costs on the interest – if you use that. Had Brightree basically the acquisition from close to the beginning of the quarter and I think we finished with kind of this net interest expense for the quarter around $2.4 million. So it’s probably kind of a reasonable go forward number going into FY ‘17.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Chris. That allows us to talk to our sort of third horizon portfolio if you like. And we are absolutely dedicated to cardio-respiratory care since it’s almost – I am not sure it’s a medical term out there in the formal literature, it’s something that we are really leading the market on and I would define it as sleep disordered breathing amongst atrial fibrillation, sleep disordered breathing amongst heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. And I would also include some play in hypertension and some other cardiovascular diseases. But clearly, the data from CAT-HF were incredibly exciting. I don’t know if you had a look at the detail that was presented there at ESC or the Heart Failure Congress at ESC. But as you start to look at those clinical data and the level of clinical and statistical significance from a relatively small group of patients, it certainly indicates to us and if you talk to Chris O’Connor, who is the primary investigator who was formerly at Duke and is still the PI on the trial, clearly our investigators in all the hospitals and all the clinicians involved want to do some follow-on work in the heart failure with preserved ejection fraction space. So it certainly gives me more excitement in the space. The clinicians are very excited about it, the nurses, the doctors and we would like to continue to invest in the space. And so we won’t go into details about what an investment will look like large multi-year clinical trials or a lot of market development work or some combination of the above. But you will hear a lot more from us regarding that Horizon 3 growth opportunity, including the CAT-HF trial and follow-up in the coming quarters.
Mick Farrell: So the data are not strong enough for an indication for use or IFU to start marketing to cardiologists. So no, it would require a lot further work on that front. What you might see is some work with – we talked about that trial with Kaiser Permanente, where we did some work on U-Sleep. We might work with payer providers, who are looking at these clinical data saying that’s exciting, we would like to work on that in some sort of IRB or other controlled environment. But yes, I don’t want to go into sort of real details here on the final question of our Q&A about what that part of Horizon 3 will look like at this point, but what I will say Chris is you will hear more from us over the coming quarters as to what we are doing in the cardio-respiratory care space, but it’s pretty exciting data from CAT-HF. I am glad you noticed that.
Mick Farrell: So in closing, I would like to thank the now more than 5,000 strong ResMed team from around the world for their commitment to changing the lives of millions of patients with every breath. I am really proud of what the team accomplished, not just here in Q4, but throughout the whole fiscal 2016 to establish ResMed really as the world’s leading tech-driven medical device company. Through clinical research, new features that expand our products and solutions and our acquisitions, we are transforming how healthcare is delivered and shaping a new frontier in connected care in respiratory medicine. We remain focused on our long-term goal of improving 20 million lives by 2020. Thanks for your time. And we will talk to you again in 90 days. I will hand back to Agnes.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Thanks Joanne. Yes. If you looked at it sort of year-on-year sort of Q4, we did see some, a little bit of benefit from FX in particular the Aussie. Going forward into FY ‘17, we have seen more recently, I guess that’s sort of bit of an up-tick in Australian dollar, it strengthened a little bit against the U.S. dollar. So in that context if you look at it sequentially into Q1, that’s probably around a 50 basis point headwind for us on the gross margin there, at least in this kind of the near-term. Longer term I guess, it depends where the Aussie dollar goes, but short-term, probably a little bit of a headwind, but you would have to think longer term, it should be still be beneficial for us with the Aussie, but it has strengthened recently and we really don’t know where that’s going to go.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, I will give you a sense. So we did adopt that standard and what we did, I guess is we took that opportunity to increase cash repatriation and the tax expense associated with that largely offset that benefit. So you saw in our full year tax rate, it was pretty consistent with what we saw last year. To give you an idea on the repatriation, if you look at – we basically repatriated an additional $60 million this year compared to what we did last year, so quite significant for us. So we felt that, that was the best thing to do and just take the opportunity, I guess that would be implementation of the standard. So overall, if you kind of looked at our overall full year tax rate and tax rates going forward, I think it will continue to be pretty consistent.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Thanks Mick. Yes. Sean, that – I mean, it’s very much a subscription model. So you would certainly, from that perspective, you certainly get much less seasonality. So it’s less of an impact than it would be, for example, for our kind of core existing business, so less seasonality due to the subscription model.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. I mean well, to that extent it did largely offset that side, so a slightly smaller number, but not – it’s around that number.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Hi Matt. The Q4, it came pretty much in middle levels – it was 80 basis points that it contributed. And then look going forward I think I would stick with that range around that sort of 70 basis points to 100 basis points.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. I mean that plays into I think – we talked about that a little earlier on. Just for – it does, I mean obviously, a weaker euro, a weaker pound or whatever it might be doesn’t impact us there. If I looked at it just at least in this sort of near-term into Q1 with that sort of strengthening of Aussie and probably some weakening in some of the European currencies, we – I think all up probably at the moment, estimates probably a 50 basis point headwind for us going into Q1 and now it’s just a question of, I guess then if currencies stay where they are from thereon in that you wouldn’t see any further impact on a sequential basis. We might see a little bit on a year-on-year basis, but pretty volatile at the moment. So it’s hard to say on that, but near-term, I would say it’s about 50 basis points and of course that can change depending on what currencies do. But at the moment, I will put it around that kind of number.
Brett Sandercock: Sure. Yes. Steve, on the outlook there on gross margin, I guess as you know, there is a lot of moving parts on that. We have mentioned on FX if I look at certainly from a product mix perspective, it’s definitely that sort of unfavorable mix is certainly moderated for us. It’s far more consistent to the extent and Mick mentioned earlier in terms of new mask introduction and so on, you could probably expect that would be supportive on a product mix front as we get through FY ‘17. We have done – the team has been doing some really good work around the manufacturing procurement and so on. We have seen some of that come through. So I am quite positive on that. And then you have got, obviously the Brightree is now kind of built into that Q4 margin, but that will continue to be supportive as well. I mean you have the usual ASP declines and things like that coming through. But overall, in the mix I think some of the big unfavorable items are certainly moderating and potentially could have – as masks are introduced and so on, that should be beneficial. So overall, we have got – it’s probably a near-term currency headwind that’s a bit unhelpful. But overall, pretty comfortable with that 57% to 60% range and we are kind of more or less just about right in the midpoint of that range at the moment. So that’s kind of how I would characterize the moving pieces.
Jim Hollingshead: Sure. I think everybody is aware that the big driver of pricing in the U.S. market has been ongoing Medicare changes to reimbursement and that’s pressure that the market has been under for several months through the competitive bidding process. I think our results in Q4 show that our Air Solutions offers or our AirSense and AirCurve devices coupled with our software platforms create a lot of value. So we – our revenue grew against a huge Q4 comp last year precisely because we have really shifted, as Mick said just earlier, we have really shifted the nature of what we are doing with our HME customers to allow them to create more value out of their business. So our offerings allow them to increase their revenue and cut their operating costs and that’s why our offerings have held up so well over the course of the year and continue to maintain share and volume growth.
Jim Hollingshead: Sure. Thanks Mick. Sean, we have had by and large, very favorable responses from customers, whether they were individual customers on both sides, whether ResMed customer or Brightree customer or whether they were shared customers and there are several hundred shared customers out in the world. Initially, we had terrific conversations with customers and I think that the response has held up over time. We have maintained virtually all of our customer relationships with both businesses and any concerns that customers had about how the two units work together have been, I think have been effectively addressed both by the fact that we have kept Brightree operating as a separate commercial unit, separate sales force, etcetera and just in conversations that we have had. If I just go back quickly to one of the rationales for the acquisition was we were already working together out in the world making our customers business process is more streamlined. So we had data connections that were allowing an HME – so for example, in sleep, if you set up a patient on a ResMed flow gen, you could import all of the same data into the Brightree application and will go straight into our compliance applications with the click of a button. That kind of labor savings made a big difference. And I think customers see what we are trying to do, which is to extend our health informatics offering from the therapy into their back-office operations and just continue to add value by taking out costs and streamlining their business. And I think the customer response has by and large been very, very favorable.
Jim Hollingshead: Thanks Mick and thanks for the question, Ian. The first thing I would say is, just as Mick is relating his own experience, it’s really important to remember that we have a very firm belief that re-supply is very good for patients. The experience of therapy for patients is always made better by fresh equipment. Equipment does wear out, it gets old, etcetera. And so when the experience with therapy is better it leads to better adherence and just better long-term health for the patient. So – and that’s one of the reasons I think both ResMed and our customers seek to drive re-supply. It also happens to be good obviously for our customers business. We have been working with customers for years to help them to understand how to efficiently re-supply patients. And with the advent of our Air Solutions offering, we have been able to provide some software platforms that help to automate that process. And as a reminder, we actually have two platforms now with the acquisition of Brightree. We have a platform called ResMed ReSupply, which is a platform we built out of the acquisitions of CareTouch and Jaysec previously. And that’s an automated re-supply platform that has both a software component and a call center live call and automated call component. And then Brightree has a platform called Connect, which is also an automated re-supply platform. Both of them create a lot of value for our HME customers because it allows them to re-supply in a very cost efficient, cost effective way. And we have seen very good growth, both in terms of number of customers joining these platforms and grow the re-supply through them over the course of the year and that’s an ongoing phenomenon for us. So our customers are enjoying the benefits of it. It has helped our re-supply numbers obviously, so our accessory sales. And it helps patients. Patients love getting fresh equipment on an appropriate basis because it improves their quality of therapy, their quality of life.
