Mick Farrell: Thanks for your follow up, Joanne. We don’t go into the details of patient volume growth within geographies. What I can say and the difference maybe between us and other parts of med tech is – this is a very personal experience of suffocation before therapy and then the experience of getting that gift the breath and the life change that can happen with sleep apnea. And taking the U.S. geography with somewhere between 40 million to 60 million Americans suffocating every night and maybe we have six or seven million so far diagnosed and on treatment. We still have 85, 80 plus – 85% plus of the opportunity in front of us. So I think that a large pool of undiagnosed patients provides a regular flow into the sleep labs and into the homecare providers that allows for that sort of steady growth of patients into the channel. We've got a long way to go on that journey. And if you go to other geographies around the world, Western Europe, 85%, 90% of the opportunities still in front in terms of sufferers and getting them through the system. And in our Asia growth markets, the opportunity is above 95%, 98%, 99% in some of the geographies. So we think we’re in mile one of a marathon here and we're really excited about that, patient volume growth continuing to grow steadily not just in this quarter, but throughout the fiscal year that we expect ahead and beyond.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, thanks, Dave. That's a good question. Clearly through ResMed Resupply which is part of the AirView software solutions package and part of Brightree Connect as we talked about linking on the backend with AirView. We are really working very closely with our homecare providers to make sure that every patient, who wants the mask and is qualified for a mask has the opportunity to get one. As I’m saying earlier I am a personal user of this therapy and you need to change this mask. It's a piece of plastic that touches your face every day and stays on it hopefully for seven hours of sleep every night and even with regular washing and regular drawing the mask needs replacement. And we think there's a lot of opportunity. We know there's a lot of opportunity to work with patients and empower them with the information that they have to be able to access the supplies that they need. So without going specifically into numbers, we can tell you that qualitatively the pool of installed base of customers, patients who are using masks and want to resupply them is increasing quite strongly. And it's a large part of our mask and accessories category.
Mick Farrell: So, David, we probably don't want to go into the specifics of each category of masks, the installed base and new patient flow and how quickly they’re growing. But if you think about it from sort of a mathematics point of view as the installed base grows larger and larger and we work on replenishment protocols with patients and expand them, there's some linear opportunities with new patient setup and some exponential opportunities with replenishment as you engage the patients throughout the world in all sorts of different models.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, Steve, as we have talked about 90 days ago, we did 90 days ago still have some supply constraints that we were just leaving at the end of Q4 throughout Q1 we were supply unconstrained. And we were able to meet and beat the very fast demand as you saw for masks throughout the world. And if you look at the masks and accessories category, it grew at 13% on a constant currency basis in the U.S., Canada and Latin America and it grew at 15% on a constant currency basis in Europe and Asian countries. Look, we think that that we can continue to grow masks all the way throughout the fiscal year. There were all sorts of different changes that happen in terms of comparables from quarter X and quarter Y as you go through out of fiscal year. But as you think about the next twelve months and twenty four months, we think the runway of the F20, the AirFit F20, the AirFit N20, so the full phase and the nasal components are very strong. And we're just out of the gate with the AirTouch F20, which is our brand new technology which incorporates both the LSR, or liquid silicon rubber, but also foam technology. And it's early days, but patients are really loving that opportunity. And so we're working with our channel partners on the business side of it. But in terms of patient acceptance, we’re seeing some really good patient acceptance. So having said all that, I think we've got a really good runway ahead for growth throughout fiscal 2018 for our masks. I don't think it's a catch up. I think it's the start of a steady growth pattern that we should see throughout fiscal 2018, 2019 and beyond.
Mick Farrell: Look, yeah, David, as I said in the prepared remarks, we just relaunched with the quality and new capability in systems around our Activox system as we’ve now incorporated that acquisition of Inova into our business and relaunched it really with our sales team this quarter. I will hand to Rob Douglas, our COO, to maybe provide some further detail on our POC business.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So another good question, Margaret. Yes, as you saw in the quarter, our Brightree growth was 13% constant currency if you didn't include any of the tuck-in acquisitions, and it's 15% constant currency, including the modest tuck-in acquisitions that we did throughout the year AllCall and so on into Brightree. Look, yes, solid, low to mid-teen growth in our software-as-a-service business. We think that some of that is new accounts. Our sales team at Brightree is excellent. [Audio Gap] and I and a bunch of the team, Raj went out there to Atlanta to spend time with the team and in a leadership program and looking at those top not just sales but development leaders and how they're teaming up and really adapting the ResMed culture but keeping a strong Brightree software-as-a-service culture and driving a really strong commercial performance. And so we think that's sustainable, taking into account share but also growing users within existing accounts. We find that the HME providers who partnered with Brightree grow, and as they grow, they get more users. And software-as-a-service system users is paid on a per basis. So you can grow by getting new accounts. You can also grow by helping new customers grow. So we're doing both.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question Andrew. Clearly, over the last three, to five years, there has been some consolidation in our U.S. home care provider base, still around 5000-plus home medical equipment providers in the U.S. So quite a large and diverse group of local mom-and-pop, regionals as well as national players, and we partner with people across that spectrum. As I look at the market, I think we see a relative sampling of changes in reimbursement, some of those big step changes that happen in the early phases of the U.S. government CMS program to get in line with our private payers and now we have a sort of steady program going forward. And I think a pretty broad view at CMS that actually investing in sleep apnea care reduces long-term costs for the government, and we're certainly as I said on the AdvaMed Board of Directors, we definitely spend time in Washington letting Washington know that medical devices as an industry is able to lower long-term costs by keeping patients, particularly in sleep apnea and in COPD, out of hospital and under better care. So we're seeing a pretty steady reimbursement environment. It does have reductions, but they're reasonably steady. So I think we're able to weather that and work with our home care providers to make sure that they use Brightree and they use AirView, and they can lower their labor cost by 50%, 60%, and that's the way to free up cash to reinvest in marketing to primary care doctors and going after the 40 million, 50 million, 60 million people who are suffocating. And as yet haven't had a chance to get diagnosed, get treated and get a better quality of life.
Mick Farrell: Yes thanks Andrew. I’ll handle that follow-up to Jim Hollingshead, our President of Global Sleep business.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks, Victor [ph]. The answer is yes. I mean, I think the sleep apnea market as we said earlier is growing in mid-to-high single digits with the devices more in that mid-single-digit range. I think we can continue to hold and grow share in the device side that will allow us to grow the sleep apnea business and that mid-single digits in the device category. And in addition to the ResMed AirMini, which is on top of that as a cash pay and the POCs, which is on top of that, there are the noninvasive ventilator devices. Where we're at on that is the early stages. There are 400 million, 500 million patients worldwide who suffer from chronic obstructive preliminary disease or lung disease. Many of them remain undiagnosed or undertreated. Many of them need to get first initial drug therapy, and they need oxygen therapy and then they need non-invasive ventilation therapy. And then as their disease progresses towards more chronic care, they need life-support ventilation therapy. And so ResMed plans to be walking with those COPD patients along that channel. So this is a longer-term development. It's sort of part of our 2020 and even our 2020 strategies. We're starting to put that together and developing our connected COPD strategy, and we'll be doing that with partners across med tech and pharma and beyond. And so watch this space for longer-term growth there, but we're really excited about the growth in our core business of sleep apnea and our second Horizon of growth in COPD and our third Horizon of growth in out-of-hospital software. And if you put them all together, I think you've got a very strong and dynamic portfolio.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Anthony. Yes, look, I think there is some rising tide there, and that's a global mid-single digits to high-single digits market growth. And so other players are going in that mid- to high single digit range as well. As I said earlier, I do think we're taking share with connected care. You mentioned France. There is four levels of reimbursement for sleep apnea therapy that starts from January 1 in France. And the highest is telemonitored patients with adherence over 4 hours and telemonitored patients with two to four hours and then below that non-telemonitored patients, and so on. And ResMed's been leading in connected care not just in the U.S. but globally, and we've been preparing for this type of a change, and we're really excited that the government of France has recognized that they get a return on investment by telemonitoring patients, increasing adherence and taking those patients out of hospital. So we think this market is great and growing and good for all players, but we think it's particularly good for people who are looking at ways to take cost out of that channel and partner with their customers, which include the home care providers but also the patients like giving them their own data every day patients use their devices more. I mean, adherence rates of 87% is unheard of in our industry, and we're publishing that and getting it in the peer-reviewed press in the Blue Journal, Jama, Lancet and you're going to see more from us on that. We have one billion nights of sleep data in the identified aggregated data, and we're going to be putting clinical studies out there to show this therapy, sleep apnea therapy is very beneficial, and we'll be doing the same in COPD as we move forward.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Mariama. In closing, I want to thank the more than 6,000-strong ResMed team for their execution on our new product launches. This quarter, that hard work has translated into market share gains, revenue growth and double-digit 12% net operating profit growth. Our team remains focused on our future pipeline of products and software solutions that change patients' lives and benefit all of our customers, including patients, physicians, payers and providers. We will talk to you again in 90 days. Thank you.
Brett Sandercock: I not let that, I mean, you can’t – that’s a difficult one to predict. I wouldn’t say that I’d say you kind of – it builds more, let’s say builds more into the run rate so to speak.
Brett Sandercock: I mean not particularly, David, we – you see every year in and year out. You see ASP the content impacting your gross margin. So I guess it’s just to call out of the main impact on gross margin year-on-year. If I look at it sequentially, it looked actually pretty good and we’re quite pleased with that uptick there on the margin. So, no, I wouldn’t say it’s adjusting unusually met and it’s kind of more typical with what we experienced in terms of SSP declines.
Brett Sandercock: Thanks for the question Margaret. And yes, we did see strong growth in Q1. If you take the U.S., Canada Latin America countries combined we saw 8% constant currency growth in Q1, and across the Europe and Asia countries, we saw 9% constant currency growth. Look, we think the total market is growing in that mid-to-high single digits across the sleep market with devices sort of more towards the mid-single digits and masks toward the high-single digits. Implying in Q1 that we did take share within the device and mask categories, and we believe that to be true. Of course, we don't go into detail around that. But some of the reasons behind that are certainly all boats are floating on the strong patient growth that we talked about earlier, but we are taking share. And I think the share is as you've seen now, it's 36 months since we launched AirSense 10 and Air Solutions platform. And it's really a solution when you combine it together. We've published data now in the peer-reviewed press that shows that we can reduce labor costs for our home care provider customers by up to 59%. So when you have a system that can lower labor cost for your customers by 59%, it can really help them to start to say not only will I try this device and try this software, but I'll double down on it, and I’ll continue to invest in it. And we're seeing a lot of customers garner a lot of profit growth for themselves that they didn't take that cash and reinvest in the business for better patient care. So we think this is really a win for ResMed. Obviously, as you see in these numbers. It's a win for our home care customers that use ResMed, and it's a win for the patients because they get better care. They engage daily sometimes with their myAir app and check out their myAir score and their adherence rates move from 50%, 60% historically in this industry up to 87% in one of our published studies and beyond that in some of our unpublished work. So we think it is sustainable, strong value proposition with our customers that's driving it, Margaret.
Brett Sandercock: [Indiscernible] this morning they changed for me already, but when I was looking at that we're sort of – we were being forecasting around that sort of $0.78 to $0.79 of the U.S. and around $1.18 on the euro, euro U.S. they're moving around quite a bit of volatility. So yes, on that one, Sean, but that's sort of what we're using as being current rates at the time we looked at it a few days ago.
Brett Sandercock: Sure. We saw – well, and I'll just we did see some incremental improvement from Q4 and Q1. And we did see certainly you can see some improvement in product mix, and that's been a turnaround for us. And the expectation is that will be more a tailwind for us as opposed to a headwind over the last few years that’s positive on that. And there's number of factors playing out on ASP decline, FX, manufacturing procurement efficiencies, and so on, which we do expect to get over the course of the year. But the product mix and how we're looking, I guess, the portfolio a little more diversified now as well. So that plays into looking at predict on gross margin as well. So I think all in the mix. I guess the other thing I would say is that stronger Aussie on a sequential basis kind of hurt us going into Q2 and essentially a factor that in as well. So that would be headwind for us going sequentially selects inclusive of that. So some of the other underlying trends I think are there in a positive but there could be few going against us, particularly on the FX next quarter. But broadly consistent, I guess, what we're saying is we're comfortable with that margin around where it's at, and we're seeing good growth across both devices and mask, which I think is really showing the strength of the business and a good diversified portfolio. So I think it's going to – with that sales growth and good gross profit dollars, and I think that's in good shape for us going forward.
Brett Sandercock: Sure, Matt. I mean, I guess, you should have asked that back a little while, I guess you've got to put a little bit of context a few years ago when we're seeing what you are experiencing like huge growth rates in devices. So we're talking 30%, 40%, almost 50%. So the differential between the device growth and mask growth was very substantial back then. So that did have a bit of impact on product mix. So we're still seeing that impact, but obviously, can be more modest when differential is perhaps more like 5%. So I mean, part of it is, if you like, the resilience and the strength of the device that we're seeing, which is a very good thing. So therefore, the thing. So therefore, the product mix, I guess, is more modest than what you might have seen two years ago, which makes sense. And the other thing I'd add to that is if you looked at you go back to FY’14, masks were probably something like, matching other categories something like 46% of our revenue. You fast-forward to today is about 38%. So there has kind of been that kind of overall change in our mix as well. So that plays into it as well. But – so it's still there the trends there the improved product mix is there, but it's on a more modest scale than what you might have seen when devices were growing really strongly back in FY’15.
Brett Sandercock: Yes that’s a great question Matt. I’ll turn try with that. Look, if you think about it, the portfolio of devices we have is a lot broader now. Brett's talking about the change of connected care and our sort of leadership in connected care, not only within our vertical, sleep apnea, COPD, but across the med tech sector has launched us to the No. 1 position in devices in flow generators, and that's a large ballast in the boat to Brett's point much higher percentage of our portfolio. So GM percentage lines move less strongly although gross profit dollars and net operating profit as you saw this quarter growing at 12% year-on-year in OP is really solid growth and that's free cash flow. And we invest free cash flow cash back into our business. We don't invest percentages back into our business, and so we manage on the growth of that. But our continued device growth will expand, and I think you can add on sort of strong, steady maintenance and growth of share. But more importantly growth of patients into the funnel to keep device growth strong and steady. And as you said, there's upside as you add on to ResMed AirMini, which is brand-new category. It's cash pay. It's a second use, it's travel path, and it's sold direct in some markets. It's sold through our great home care provider customers in the U.S. and many European countries, and we think that's good addition. As you said, there's portable oxygen concentrators, and there's also our growing COPD play in noninvasive ventilation and life-support ventilation, and we have now cloud connected both of those, the NIV. So our AirCurve 10 range and our Astral devices both now have cloud connectivity. We're in the early days of driving our connected COPD strategy, but that's a very high-cost disease state. It’s The number three killer in the world, COPD. And it's the number two cause for rehospitalization. So we think as we look forward to 2020 and beyond, there's a lot of opportunity to have steady and growing device growth as we look forward to the longer term
Brett Sandercock: Thanks Mick. Thanks Anthony Petrone. On the data side, [indiscernible] I think is still within kind of our range that we would expect and fairly typically historically, and it's probably still may be allow us maybe 12 months ago but still comfortable with where we are on that. On the inventory front, you're right. We're up a little on the inventory, but it's been pretty well documented. We're a little bit supply constrained on masks and so on. So some of that is kind of a rebuild into getting that right. So you see that's kind of manifested in the inventory a little bit as well. That's all the way through the supply chain. So we're now in much better shape, but I guess that's reflected in some inventory build. And then going forward, I'd expect not necessarily come down, but I'd expect sort of the growth with moderate as we kind of balance a bit better now.
Rob Douglas: Sure, David. We described some of the quality improvements that’s really under the hood quality improvement. So, we’re very happy with those quality improvements and how they’re going and our customers let’s say use the product will start to experience those improvements. The product positioned us very portable. It's got the longest battery life. It’s very light weight. It’s a good performer. And we see steady take up of it. And we’re patient with this product and we're going to make sure it has really the ResMed quality, and provides really good treatment to patients and we’ll build on that.
Rob Douglas: Yes, Sean. As I said before, we – ResMed's position in the markets are very high-tech, high-quality value and innovation. As we got our early experience with the Activox, we saw a number of improvements that we wanted to make, and we made those improvements. I described them earlier as improvements under the hood. So they're really – they're not features, but they're improving the delivery of the existing features. And as I say we progressively incremented them in a sequential basis, and then we really looking to the absolute measure, which is our customers' response to those to see how we go – to see to really put the metrics around the quality improvements and what extra value that adds. And I can't really get granular on the exact next steps of improvements that we're coming up simply because we don't forecast our R&D programs for competitive reasons, but I would say we've got a very strong team working on it. We've got some great ideas. We still got the feature that we have talked about, about adding some of our connected care capability into the system, which we believe will further improve the quality of delivery of oxygen treatment of patients but also improve the ability of our HME customers to manage those patients and those fleets of devices that they need to. And that's all work in progress.
Rob Douglas: So our view of the market whole new segment, and so it's contributing to growth. And when a person buys an AirMini to travel in addition to their home sleep app, that's really good for them and to sell that we otherwise wouldn’t have had. So we see a very strongly contributing to growth. As Jim said earlier in some of the cash pay markets, there are some people will say actually I will not use that, it’s my premium one. We’re okay with that either way. But really on as a whole in most of the markets AirMini is really a strong contributor.
