David Pendarvis - ResMed, Inc.: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon and good morning. Thank you for attending ResMed's earnings call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2018 ending March 31st. Joining us on the call today are Mick Farrell, our CEO; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO; Rob Douglas, our President and Chief Operating Officer will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. In addition to the financial information presented on today's call, we encourage investors to review our earnings presentation, our earnings press release and our Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2018. These documents will be available on our Investor Relations website at investor.resmed.com (sic) [investors.resmed.com] (00:01:07). A replay and a transcript of today's call will also be made available at that location shortly after this call. Now on today's call, we'll discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. The descriptions and reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures are available in our earnings release and will also be in our SEC filings. Our discussion today may also include forward-looking statements, such as expectations for ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions but of course actual results may differ materially. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC filings. I'll now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
David Pendarvis - ResMed, Inc.: Thanks, Brett. We'll now turn to Q&A. We ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions after that, please get back in the queue. Tim, we're now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
David Pendarvis - ResMed, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Mick. Andrew, it's hard to say that the next round of competitive bidding is scheduled for January 1 of 2019. We've got no guidance from CMS as to how that process is going to be conducted and time is getting a little short. So it's not clear what the timing is going to be. However, there have been two significant changes to the process that came in legislatively, one, is that bids have to be binding this time and which means that you should eliminate the sort of lowball bidders who are maybe bidding low on one category to get another or otherwise you're taking to flyer. And the second change is that there will be no limit on the bid ceiling, you can bid higher if you like. So just those two factors alone we think will lead to more rational bidding. We've gotten some good signals from CMS that there should be some other reform coming. We'll wait to see when those signals actually turn into reality. But there's some good strong indications that you could see a better bidding process this time and certainly what we would support and we've been working with our partners and with CMS to try to make that happen. So time will tell, but we're encouraged.
David Pendarvis - ResMed, Inc.: David, there's been no word on bundling as part of the CMS competitive bidding process. When that came out some time ago it was going to be a trial that would start in 2019. As I indicated, time is getting very short to even put out the basic rules for competitive bidding much less, some trial and non-bid markets. But the bottom line is we've heard nothing about it. We continue to have supporters that we talk to both in the customers and in the legislature in CMS who made it clear that we think that's a bad idea. We're hopeful it won't go forward, but we've heard nothing.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Joanne, by the way, it's sunny in San Diego as well. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did have some items that were extraordinary, the change in reimbursement in Japan of giving physicians the opportunity to get reimbursed for telemonitoring visits, which they frankly need as they're getting overloaded with the in-person visits every 90 days with larger and larger growing sleep apnea patient populations meant that there was physician demand for telemonitoring capabilities which meant that our customers, the large home care companies in Japan, have certainly, in the last quarter and will continue to, upgraded their fleets to be even more cloud-connected. And so that meant, if they're using S9s in their pool, they needed to move to AirSense10, 100% cloud connected medical devices. So there's some extraordinary growth there in Japan. And as we also said last quarter and it continued this quarter, the reimbursement changes in France where there's a significant differential between the cloud-connected sleep apnea therapeutic device and a non-cloud connected sleep apnea therapeutic device in terms of reimbursement because the French government has seen that they get higher adherence through the coaching and techniques like AirView on the cloud-connected devices, they have a differential reimbursement. So I think those impacts in France and Japan are together moving beyond. And as you've been watching us the last two, three fiscal years, since we launched our AirView solution in the United States, we've seen some significant growth of that over the last two, three years and now in line growth in the U.S. So I think those are some of the factors that contributed to that, Joanne.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. So certainly, Brightree is – although globally resourced, you know, we have software teams in various countries around the world that support Brightree, that it's focused on a customer base which is home medical equipment, HME companies in the United States and that's still the core focus of Brightree. However, Raj Sodhi, who is the President of that global software-as-a-service business team is looking and growing both organically and potential inorganically that business over the period between now and 2020, the period between now and 2025 as we look forward in our strategy. So, if you look back at a trailing 12 months, you've got 6%, 7% or so of our global revenues coming from software-as-a-service, the vast majority of that is Brightree, but we do have some other mask replenishment and other software-as-a-service revenue in there as well that will continue to grow and I think ahead of the ResMed Group within that software-as-a-service part into other geographies over time.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. David, I'd parse that out into two categories. I think in the SG&A side, we'd like to see that grow well less than half our revenue growth. You saw a 10% constant currency revenue growth in the quarter. We want to keep our SG&A growth below that, well below that. On the R&D front, there's different investments that we make in different parts of the business, the software side and in the device side. And I would probably say that we're going to look to keep our R&D as a percentage of revenue in the vicinity of that sort of 6% to 7% range. And sort of – so therefore, it might grow closer to – if we're keeping at 7%, let's say, of our revenues then it's going to grow closer to our revenue line. So operating leverage I think in SG&A and keeping that growth under control. And actually, we're just working smarter as I said in the prep remarks and finding systems and capabilities to solve problems and thinking more digitally and scalably about how our team approaches problems. Rather than just looking to hire more people, we can look to hire smarter systems and engage smarter systems so that our team can be more engaged on more strategic issues. That's sort of how we're looking at it, David.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Margaret, that's a great question. Yeah. We have a very full pipeline and our goal is to bring a cadence of very innovative products and appropriate timing that the customers want them, not faster than patients need the next generation and not slower than customers need them. And I don't know, if you talk to any sleep apnea patient worldwide and say, would you like your product smaller, quieter, more comfortable, more connected. They always say yes. So we know there's demand there and we really are trying to make sure that that cadence is regular and strong and not too fast because patients aren't ready necessarily to switch masks or to switch software technologies too fast, but it's fast enough to make sure that the innovation is there and can have, for the company, good, sustainable long-term growth, but for the patients ensure that we're making it smaller, quieter and more comfortable and more connected every time. A good example is the N20 Classic for this quarter. A product that's not quite as sexy maybe as myAir, but a needed product for some of those markets in Europe and in Asia and we brought that product to market for those categories in that basic nasal category mask and it's been very successful. On the other end of the spectrum, we got our first ResMed branded portable oxygen concentrator on controlled product launch here in the U.S. and we're really excited to see how those business models go as we partner with home medical equipment companies to reach the 92% of people who should have an oxygen concentrator in this country and don't. And then when we get it right, we'll scale that to the other 119 countries we do business in.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Look, Brightree has been part of our group for two years and has grown pretty well in double-digit range during that time and there are many, many HMEs across the country who use Brightree and there are many who don't yet use Brightree and that we need to get on the Brightree platform. It provides such efficiency in prescription management, in inventory management, in delivery of product and monitoring of patients and resupply of patients that we think the value proposition is there for the large chunk of the market that doesn't yet have Brightree. We do have the lead in software-as-a-service in the home medical equipment side and we plan to continue that. So I'd say there's a lot of road ahead but some steady growth. I mean, look, there is consolidation in the home medical equipment space. If you go back prior to competitive bidding, there were maybe 6,000, 7,000 home medical equipment companies, maybe now there are 3,500 or 3,000 or so. But Brightree works on a per user per month approach and we think that it has some good growth ahead. And we'll continue to invest to make sure that our software-as-a-service value proposition not only meets and beats the competition but looks around corners to see where those customers will need their next innovation from. And in addition to that, we're looking to add on capabilities, as I said, in other geographies around the world where out-of-hospital software is not limited to the U.S. geography.
Michael J. Farrell: Well. The rollout of the Mobi is going to be dependent upon the go-to-market strategy and the value proposition of that product within the space. So, look, as I said in the prep remarks, it's got a really good balance of that oxygen output, the battery life and the weight of the device versus the competition, so I think in the product side, it's going to do really well. And in the go-to-market models, we're really looking at partnering with our channel to make sure we can reach those patients, who need it and drive it forward. So, I would say it's more our relationships with our home medical equipment companies across the spectrum both the products we sell and CPAP, APAP, all the masks, bilevels and ventilators as much as our software platform. So, it will add to our knowledge and capability in partnership with our channel. But I'd say it's more our partnership and the other portfolio of products is going to help us with Mobi.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Sure. The U.S. market – well, the global market, we say, is growing in that sort of mid to high-single digits. So, we definitely held share and in some categories, we took some share and some others we held or maybe lost a little in some of the masks. But basically, in in-line sales, I mean, if you think about our U.S. geography for the last 12 quarters, we've been ahead of market growth and you don't stay ahead of market growth forever and there are product cycles. But I think that we did very well in the U.S. market with the comparables and how we performed in the last 12 quarters to grow at 7% in the U.S., Canada, Latin America geographies. And I've got to tell you, we think it's a sustainable growth. And as you add on technologies like QuietAir, which makes those masks 89% quieter and the customers don't have to add any more SKUs, it will roll into the same F20 and N20 SKUs they have and so the administration, the channels all up and running within N20, F20 with a huge patient benefit improvement and therefore lower return rates, higher adherence, better for the payer, better for the patient, better for the healthcare provider. I think that you're going to see some very sustainable and increased growth in the U.S. geography. But look, we've got a 29-year track record of doing pretty well in the U.S. geography and I think we will continue to do that as I look forward through not just Q4 but all of FY 2019.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. So we launched QuietAir technology at Medtrade, so that was during this last quarter and in Q3 at the trade show. But look, yeah, as you said, it's an S curve, a penetration as that technology rolls out in Q4 and throughout the fiscal year. And so we will see that start to roll through the customers in this quarter and I think when those demonstrations start to happen with the RTs, with the respiratory therapists and the people who do the setups and they get the demo where this thing is lower than 21 dBA, I mean that's quieter than the air conditioning in your office right now, it's quieter than however quiet you get to your home, it's quieter than that, that ambient noise. And so it's basically getting down to stretching the envelope of new silence. So we're really excited about the technology and I think we will watch and see how it goes, certainly the initial patient trials and the control product releases with this have been successful and the trials and let's see how it goes in the real world. We are very confident that this will be a successful technology for the channel for patients and for physicians wanting to prescribe it.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Look, Andrew, I mean France and Japan had that big change with telemonitoring. So I think there's a long runway of future growth there. I mean, you don't have to go far around the OECD countries to see where other telemonitoring capabilities and connected care, connected health capabilities might be growing. South Korea is kind of unique, where it's gone from no reimbursement to reimbursement. So that's a really sort of positive sign for a really long-term play of growth and access to – many, many millions of South Koreans can now get access to reimburse care, not just the people who could afford to pay out of pocket. So I think that's a really good development there. Other geographies to watch, well, we talked about the Sleep cue (00:51:54), this very low cost screening technology that just runs off a smartphone that's going to launch and 1.3 billion person market there in China. We're incredibly excited about the potential of that. But look, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We're just launching the technology. There's a lot of technologies that go into a country like China and such adoption of smartphone-based buying and selling of everything. I was in our office in Suzhou and you can't buy a cup of coffee without using a smartpay from your smartphone system. No, you couldn't use cash, credit card only a smartpay system, so the technology adoption in China is just incredibly quick and so who knows if we can get above that technology noise and make it go. But I think that's another geography to watch there, Andrew.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Thanks, David. So we have two offerings for our U.S. customers with regard to replenishment of mask offerings for patients who want them. We have a technology solution called ResMed ReSupply, which we offer to customers that run on any digital backend system for their homecare company and so it's available to all customers across the U.S. And then we also have a technology called Brightree Connect, which is specifically for resupply of masks and accessories for customers, not just ResMed, but for any masks and accessories they provide. And so we have two technologies that we have out there in the market and they've got different capabilities and appeal to different sort of segments, if you like, of the market there, David.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, Gretel. Look, our German healthcare team, which is led by our CEO there, Katrin Pucknat, and I just had a conversation with her this morning. We've seen some really good growth of our German healthcare business over the last couple of fiscal years. And Katrin is really changing the approach and the service mentality of our go-to-market teams there in Germany. There was no brand new news in the last 90 days. So I wasn't neglecting one of our top five countries. I also didn't talk about ANZ, which is another strong growth area. We had really good growth in many sales in that sort of consumer pay segment in Australia and New Zealand and Catherine Delamare who leads that business is doing a great job. But look, within Germany, it's as steady as she goes growth there. And I think that as we look all the technologies that I talked about that we provide to our customers globally, we are providing to ourselves there too within our Germany healthcare business. And so, I see strong steady growth within Germany. But no changes yet to telemonitoring versus non-telemonitoring from reimbursement providers like in France. But if I was at the German ministry for health and looking at the success of France in driving increased adherence, low hospitalization costs and better outcomes for their patients and for the social security healthcare system within France. If I was next door in Germany, I'd be looking at that and saying why don't we keep up with the times and try to get ahead of them in digital health.
Michael J. Farrell: Well, thanks, everybody. And in closing, I want to thank the 6,000 strong ResMed team for their dedication, focus and commitment to our operating excellence initiatives. This quarter, they have helped us deliver strong revenue growth and increasing operating leverage. Our team remains focused on our future pipeline of products and software solutions that change patients' lives and benefit our customers: patients, physicians, payers and providers. Thank you for your time and we will talk to you again after the end of our fiscal year in about 90 days plus or minus. Back to you, Tim.
