Brett Sandercock: Yes. Steve, I think at the moment, the market is very much characterized by really excess demand. So we're still trying to meet that, and I think that's going to be with us for a while. So we're building inventory really looking at that kind of future production that we're looking to manufacture. And then we'll manage -- we've introduced Card-to-Cloud, been very successful, particularly in the U.S. market. So that's part of our portfolio. It's important. But we certainly have the plans where I think we can manage that transition between Card-to-Cloud and connected devices as we get more of those components in. So I think it will be kind of a managed plan that will move from manufacturing the Card-to-Cloud to more connected devices as the electronic components come in. But we've got -- we have plans in place to do that and make that transition.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Sure. Yes. Dan, Yes. I mean we've moved -- we were almost exclusive are. We've moved some to sea freight. And so that's happening. It's probably -- it's progressive and probably measured because we still want to get inventory to our DCs and then obviously on patients. So we're just trying to balance that. But we have started progressing that to sea freight. So that's happening. Again, we're probably seeing -- we're seeing a little bit of relief or moderation in those kind of freight rates that are coming through. It will take a little bit of time for that to wash through for us. But I still think in the second half, we'll start to see some benefit from some kind of overall freight costs coming down relative to last year.
Brett Sandercock: Sort of Mick mentioned that some of the milestones, some of the activities that you're undertaking. So they will look to invest or fund more of those demand gen activities as they kind of move into a more commercializing phase. So that's going to uptick, I think, over the next few quarters. Our share of those costs essentially. So that's why I guided that to be a little bit higher over the next several quarters.
Mick Farrell: If I could, Steve, just to add that inventory build that we've had is really a deliberate outcome of our strategy around managing the supply constraints where we've had to really build up the materials components inventories for everything so that we could build the maximum when we break through the bottlenecks on the specific components. And then as the supply chain situation improves into the future, we'll be able to wind back from that.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. I mean if you look at the mask growth numbers in the quarter, we saw 11% growth in U.S., Canada and Latin America. So really strong double-digit growth there and 3% in Europe, Asia and Rest of World with a total global growth of 8%. 2019, we talked about market growth being mid-single digits for devices and high single digits for masks. So we're right there at 8% total growth. But I actually think we could be higher than that if we -- we're taking care of every new patient that's out there. As we said and as I said in the prep remarks, with our competitor out of the market these last 12, 15 months, at least can be 18 months, maybe 24 months out of the market in total. They were the number two player. And we are the number one player, and we're taking as much of the number two excess demand as we can. But we're not getting all of it. Still, even with Card-to-Cloud in the quarter, we weren't getting to every patient that needed a device. And so that delta is what we're talking about, that mask growth could have been even higher. But to your point, because Card-to-Cloud acceptance was so much better in the U.S., we did get better mask growth there. We saw 11% growth in the quarter and very strong. Yes, Card-to-Cloud, as I said in the prep remarks, not being taken up in countries where the whole reimbursement model has changed around digital health and cloud-connected devices such as France and Japan. And it's just structurally difficult, and they don't want to switch from the great efficiencies and outcomes that we get with our 100% cloud connectable systems. So that's sort of the nuance around that. What it talks to is an opportunity to continue to grow our device business, but to even further increase our mask growth, not only in the US, but also in Europe, Asia and Rest of World. Thanks for the question, Matt.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Gretel, it's a great question. It's a very complex one. And we've actually established during the COVID crisis on ventilators, we established a global epidemiology model, a humanitarian-based epidemiology model where we really looked at the flow of the virus around the world and where we should allocate limited supply of ventilators for that. And I think we did a really good job in that crisis of 2020. We applied those same skills really these last 12, 15 months of having a global team looking at the 140 countries we operate in, looking on a humanitarian basis, as the needs for people who are suffocating now in our core market, suffocating with sleep apnea and other -- on the AirSense 10 platform, we do have other respiratory care and respiratory insufficiency capabilities as well and the AirSense 10 connected devices on bio levels. So we have a global model. We look at allocations based on the demand on patients and the need to get them there. It's a complex and moving dynamic equation. The latest moving apart in it is that AirSense Card-to-Cloud has been coming out the gate incredibly strongly in the June quarter. We talked about 90 days ago and here in the September quarter, and we expect that to continue. That may mean increasing some AirSense 11 allocation to places like France or Japan, where they aren't seeing the same adoption due to the changes there. So it's an ongoing dynamic thing that we look at daily, weekly, monthly in our production, shipping and delivery schedules. So it's not a simple equation. But yes, the impetus of your question was would we look to the humanitarian need and do our best to make sure that device gets to a patient fairly, and that's exactly what we're trying to do on a global basis. It's not simple. It's quite complex, but we're working at it every day. And the team is doing an incredible job, as you saw in these great growth numbers. Thanks for the question, Gretel.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So, it's a great question. And obviously, cybersecurity is something we think about all day and every day, and our Chief Information Security Officer and his team are what I would call productively paranoid about the 12.5 billion nights of data and the 18.5 million 100% cloud connectable medical devices out there in 140 countries. And I did see the news in Australia of a number of health care system hacks. And we've had them here in the U.S. as well, United had one and a number of local health care systems have as well as some infrastructure areas. Look, it's a case of productive paranoia. You have to be investing in this space. You have to be looking at what happened doing root cause analysis of the hacks that have happened. In almost every case, it's been a human, a person clicking on something and giving allocation. And so we're looking very carefully at our training and holding back systems from -- and fixing systems where there are weak links and making sure that all day, every day, you're looking at this because, yes, people are out there. Initially, hackers went to consumer tech and fintech industries. As you said, health care is on their radar. We're probably third on the radar, but we're definitely there. And it's something that we think about and we invest a lot in our cybersecurity protections. But it's an ongoing game of investments and making sure that we stay at or ahead of the curve and how we work with our partners in the health care system to make sure that the data we look at privacy as well as cybersecurity and interoperability. Those 3 have to all be balanced, but cybersecurity is right there as one of our core competencies right now, and we invest a lot in that area. Thanks for the question, Saul.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Mike. And really, truly, the major component is getting Card-to-Cloud in those areas. If Card-to-Cloud had the same adoption in Europe, Middle East, Africa and Rest of World as it did within the U.S., Canada, we would be seeing significantly higher device growth numbers. And so that's -- it's item number one on how we can address that. And actually, in countries where there's no reimbursement models and others, we are pushing towards those Card-to-Cloud as well as increasing, as I said earlier, to Gretel's question, the flow of AirSense 11. One other thing that Brett did note in his prepared remarks was that this quarter a year ago, Europe saw very high sales of ventilators. Some of that was in the COVID space and in the response to some recalls from a competitor space around ventilators in Europe where ventilators, respiratory care is a larger portion of our European business than it is in the U.S. And so that was in the comp on the other side. So those are the 2 main factors that were there. Card-to-Cloud adoption and year-on-year with regard to our noninvasive ventilation, life support ventilation and whole respiratory care business, if you like, in Europe was just a bigger portion of the business there. But thanks for the question, Mike.
Mick Farrell: Well, look, I'll have a go at that first, David. Thanks for the question. Brett, please and Rob and Dave power on. Look, there's excess demand that's out there with your number two player in a highly competitive market being out of the market for 15 months now, and they say they may be back in January, but I'm not optimistic that they'll actually be back given all the issues that are there for them. And so we look at that and say, let's do as much as we can towards this. We know we are not getting there. When we know the size of the market, we know the total flow of patients. We know what our number one share was, how it's grown, and we're taking care of all of that. We know what their number two share was and how that's grown, and we know we're taking a high double-digit percentage of that, but not all of it. We're not at 100% of it. And so we know there's that gap to fill, which is excess demand. Yes, it does build up to a pipeline -- a great pipeline of patients that are out there. But on the downside, it's tough for those patients because wait times go from days and weeks to weeks and months and from months to quarters in some regions. And so that's why we are and have pivoted for this redesign and reengineered AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud. It's why we are redesigning parts and pieces within our AirSense 11 and our AirSense 10 connected devices. And we're ramping up all 3 of those. So if you put it together, we have the number one product in the market, the best product, which is the AirSense 11. We then have the number two best product, which is the AirSense 10 fully connected. And we have the number three best device, which is the AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud. And we're selling all three and ramping up all the throughout our Sydney, our Singapore, Atlanta and European distribution centers. And so we're doing the best we can. It'd be very difficult. I mean we do have a lot of quantification on it, competitive reasons, I don't want to go out to exactly what we're looking at. But the timing of how we feel it is dependent upon how fast we get the components and parts and pieces into our Singapore plant and beyond. And those every day, they get better. I said in the prep remarks, that every quarter this year, we're going to make more and more of the AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud, we're going to make more and more of the AirSense 11. You've seen that. We delivered in June. We delivered in September. We will deliver again in December. We'll deliver again in March '23. We'll deliver again in June '23. And so every quarter, we'll give you the update on it. But I almost don't want to quantify it on a time basis because we know what it is on a device basis, I want the time to get shorter and shorter as ResMed accelerates faster and faster towards getting that excess demand and making sure our supply can get us close to meeting it. And then when we meet it, we can then get back to a balanced inventory situation.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Lyanne. It's a really good question with sort of 2 elements to it. One, that's difficult for me to determine because it requires knowledge of the US government from FDA and DOJ and a consent degree with a competitor that I'm not involved in those conversations. I see what we all see publicly out there. And so how long our competitor will be out, we don't know. But we run scenarios on that, right, but they'll come back in January, they come back in July, they'll come back later than that in 2023. And as I look at that, I think about our ability and what we can do in every quarter, we're going to increase production of AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud, AirSense 10 coms, AirSense 11 cons. And so if I track those lines up and move them up, there are scenarios where we can get to the full industry demand in calendar year 2023. A lot of things have to come together for that to happen. And there's a lot of scenarios, as Rob said, around parts and pieces coming in and on the other side. But we're doing everything we can to get closer and closer to that. So yes, we can strive towards it, and we're going to move towards it. And we want no patient left behind. We want anyone who suffocates and gets a prescription to have a short wait time no matter what country they're in to a ResMed device and we're doing everything we can to keep up with that excess demand. It will be there for the next 3, 6, 9, 12 months. But as you start to look through 2023, I think, yes, potentially the supply and demand curves could cross over for us and the other players in the industry as well. So how long -- there's a number of scenarios around that, as I discussed. Second part of your question, demand gen initiatives. Yes, we have some really exciting demand gen initiatives from our Asia, Latin America team, the work that we're doing in China and in India and Brazil. These huge population markets to look at different methods of getting to patients and ensuring that care is delivered across socioeconomic bounds and there's health equity and the delivery of our products in these high-growth markets or some really exciting things Justin Leon and his team are driving in our Asia, Latin America demand gen initiatives. And then here in the U.S. market, we've got some really exciting work in our joint venture with Verily called Primasun. I just ran into the CEO of Primasun there at the med tech conference this week in Boston. And there's some really exciting milestones that we'll be looking at throughout calendar year 2023 to drive demand gen to identify, engage and enroll patients. Actually, sleep concern consumers to a pathway to become patients. And so those will start to roll out during the year. In addition, our Western European and Northern European teams and our teams across the world have really exciting programs that, frankly, we've been experimenting and piloting on during the COVID crisis, the embracement of digital health, the embracement of respiratory health, the embracement of care delivered outside the home during the COVID crisis. And actually, during our competitive recall crisis, I think we've seen an ability for us to partner even more closely with our partners in the channel physicians and providers are willing to experiment even more. So I do expect us to turn on a number of these demand gen initiatives throughout calendar year 2023 as we start to get supply up to where demand is and then can drive core demand of the market back again through that demand gen. So great question, Lyanne, and thanks for that.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for your question, Chris. And certainly, pricing is a big topic always in our industry over these last 12 months as inflation around the world has moved from low-single digits to mid-single digits to high-single digits in almost every country we're in, that we've started to respond to that. And as shipping costs have gone up, we've started to respond to that. As you know, at the start of this calendar year, we instituted some surcharges on products in the U.S. and on Europe for those extra costs that were associated with shipping. And then we have, as appropriate, working with customers and within the health care systems increased prices on specific parts and pieces where the costs for us have gone up. And so therefore, we're sharing some of that burden of increased costs with our channel. In terms of -- while appreciating your channel check in the conversation with a customer or 2, I -- we are not seeing across the board major changes in ASPs on either the device or the mask side. It's interesting to note that with our really strong growth of masks, they're 11% in the quarter in U.S., Canada and Latin America. That's in a market where there's no recall from anybody. That's just the standard competitive market, and ResMed is out there fighting for it even with the lower flow of new patients, as we talked about earlier, due to the fact that not every patient who needs a new setup is getting it even though the vast majority of those sales are repeat sales to customers already in our installed base of amazing people being treated every day by ResMed masks. So not a huge sort of impact on pricing right now. If anything, prices are stable to slightly up on devices, and I would say stable in the mask side sort of in line with where they have been. And so no major changes there. Obviously, we watch that. It's a dynamic approach, but we don't focus on price, we focus on value. We talk about how the first time fit with ResMed is where it's at and how the adherence rates are where they are and the mask league is much lower. And customers know that and they track that. And we give them data in our view in myAir and give them all analytics to know how well our masks are doing compared to the competitors. And that's why the doctors prescribe our masks and it's why the HMEs and home care providers around the world choose our masks. So we compete on value, not price. And we look forward to increase competition and increase growth in both the device and mask side. We love a competitive market, and we tend to win in it.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks, Suraj. And I appreciate the angle you're coming out on it. Let me give you my thoughts on it and address your question from this angle. So I'll put it. I'll say there's 2 buckets. There's new patients and then there's patients getting what we call recap or a device that's 5 to 7 years old, let's say, it's out of warranty maybe, 3 to 5 years and they want to upgrade. And then there's a third bucket of patients who are part of the competitive recall. So the first bucket, which is new patients. Yes, look, there's ResMed and a bunch of small share players competing all day, every day for those new patients and incredible excess demand and every product we make, we can sell into that space. And we are doing very well and taking a lot of share, as you see in the numbers. 23% growth in devices in U.S., Canada, Latin America, 9% growth worldwide in that category of devices. So doing incredibly well in that new patient's bucket. If you look at the existing patients that are looking to retap, right, after three, five or seven years on therapy, I think some home care providers and HMEs in Europe and rest of the world won't be contacting those patients right now. They know the situation. They don't want to get somebody into the channel where the wait times are long. And so I think there's some opportunity for even further excess demand in that second bucket of existing patients looking to retap that haven't been turned on. It's another type of demand gen to Lyanne's question earlier that our channel probably is not turning on much and keeping that dial very low, except for those patients who come and say, "Look, I really need an upgrade, then they put them in the queue. That's the second bucket. The third bucket is the 5.5 million patients who are on a competitive device from the recall that was announced June a year ago. Our competitor, that's their duty and they are working through those. They're not there. They say they're maybe 3 million into the 5 million. I'm skeptical of that. I think they're talking about production numbers versus delivered numbers. As I look to the channels and speaking to people about how many of the devices that they've asked for have actually been received for as part of that recall. So that third bucket is tough. And so what does the patient do there? Do they just wait? Or do they go get a prescription and try to go spat.com or easybreathe.com or some other retail channel in a different market and try to come in and drive some excess demand that way. It's very hard to determine all of that. We do have some numbers around it. But that third bucket is really the duty of our competitor to take care of, and they're working their way through it. And it looks like it's 18 months through to December. If they get there by June next year, that's 24 months. I'd hope that they are at least there then and can come back. Again, as I said earlier, with the scenarios, we're looking at all sorts of scenarios. I want them back. I love the competitive game. I love beating them in the game of who's got the smallest quite most comfortable and most cloud-connected device that lowers costs and improves outcomes. And we were doing that in 2019. Actually, from the launch of AirSense 10 in 2014 to 2019 for 5 strong years, and I look forward to continuing to do that afterwards. But that's how I'd look at it. Three buckets, new patients are doing incredibly well. Repap, not really turning that dial right now, probably turn it on as we get demand gen. And the third one, yes, we will be getting some of that. We're not fighting for that because that's not where we want to play. That's a competitor's duty to take care of them. And we're focused for the long run. And the 1 billion people worldwide is suffocate who haven't yet been brought into the channel. That's the real opportunity. Thanks for the question, Suraj.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Maggie. Look, it's a really good question around resupply. And as you know, looking at our SaaS business through Brightree resupply and Snap resupply, we have some really good models in our SaaS business that's truly the synergy between our SaaS business and our core sleep and Respiratory Care business. And we've got the back-end synergies around cyber securities we talked to earlier, cloud ops and interoperability, but the front-end synergies there around driving resupply have been really strong and Brightree resupply and Snap resupplier are a good part of driving that resupply revenue. Yes. Look, you saw 11% growth, right, in U.S., Canada and Latin America in those resupply. And the U.S. is primarily the market for that where there are very sophisticated models and a very strong incentive for both the patient, the provider and ResMed and actually the payer with the return that they get by reduced hospitalizations to ensure that patients continue to get new masks. Those systems are not quite as evolved or implemented within Europe, Middle East, Africa and Rest of World and so -- and Asia Pac. We do have models, particularly where we're working directly with providers and/or patients to drive resupply models and those are working well. But look, there's a -- I would say there's a lot of opportunity to drive resupply in Europe, middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. And if you look at Catherine Pucknat, and our team in Germany and what she's doing to engage with patients, you look at just in Lyon and what he's doing across Asia and Latin America to engage directly with patients and show them the path to get a fresh, clean new mask on a regular basis and become part of a subscription program for that. There's a lot of innovation to come. So look, I'm proud of the 8% growth in a tough environment with new patients coming in. I want that to get higher. And I certainly want Europe, Asia and Rest of World to go from low to mid- to high single digits again. And we will get there as that resupply and the new patient flow, both come to market. So a lot of moving pieces there, Maggie. Thanks for the question.
Mick Farrell: Well, thanks, Kevin, and thank you to all of our shareholders for joining us on this call. I'd like to once again take the opportunity to thank the 8,600 ResMedians, many of whom are also shareholders for their dedication and hard work, helping people breathe better, sleep better and live better lives in residential medicine in over 140 countries worldwide. Thanks for all that you do. I look forward to talking with you all right here in 90 days. Thank you.
