Brett A. Sandercock: All right. Thanks, Mick. As we mentioned, revenue for the March quarter was $383.6 million, an increase of 10% over the prior year quarter and also 10% in constant currency terms. Income from operations for the quarter was $96.1 million, an increase of 26% over the prior year quarter. Net income for the quarter was $84.9 million, an increase of 31% over the prior year quarter. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.58, an increase of 32% over the prior year quarter. Gross margin for the March quarter was 62.4%, up sequentially from Q2 FY '13. On a sequential basis, our gross margin benefited from a favorable product and geographic mix and manufacturing and logistics improvements. Looking forward, we expect our gross margin for the balance of fiscal year 2013 to be in the range of 61% to 63% assuming current exchange rates. We continue to execute on initiatives targeted at improving our global manufacturing supply chain and logistics cost structures. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $109.6 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, SG&A expenses also increased by 8%, and SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue improved to 28.6% compared to the year ago figure of 29.2%. Looking forward and subject to currency movements, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be in the range of 28% to 29% for the balance of fiscal year 2013. R&D expenses for the quarter was $31.2 million, an increase of 10% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, R&D expenses increased by 11%. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue were 8.1%, consistent with the prior year quarter. Looking forward, we expect R&D expenses as a percentage of revenues to be around 8% for the balance of fiscal year 2013, reflecting ongoing investment in our product pipeline. Amortization of acquired intangibles was $2.5 million for the quarter while stock-based compensation expense for the quarter was $10.2 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.4% compared to the prior year quarter effective tax rate of 23.1%. The lower tax rate reflects the benefit of lower effective tax rates in our Singapore and Australian operations. We currently estimate our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2013 will be in the vicinity of 21%. Turning now to revenue in more detail. Overall, sales in the Americas were $215.2 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year quarter. Sales outside the Americas totaled $168.4 million, an increase of 6% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, sales outside the Americas also increased by 6% over the prior year quarter. Breaking our revenue between product segments. In the Americas, Flow Generator sales were $95.4 million, an increase of 21% over the prior year quarter, reflecting strong growth in our APAP and bilevel devices. Masks and other sales were $119.8 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter. For revenue outside the Americas, Flow Generator sales were $114.6 million, an increase of 9% over the prior year quarter, and in constant currency terms, also an increase of 9%. Masks and other sales were $53.8 million, consistent with the prior year quarter. Globally in constant currency terms, Flow Generator sales increased by 14% while masks and other increased by 5%. Cash flow from operations was $107 million for the quarter, reflecting strong underlying earnings and working capital management. Capital expenditures for the quarter was $19.9 million while depreciation and amortization for the March quarter totaled $20.7 million. Our share buyback continues to play a major role in our capital management program. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for consideration of $67.3 million. For the first 9 months of fiscal year 2013, we repurchased 2.8 million shares for consideration of $115.3 million. At the end of March, we had approximately 6.1 million shares remaining under our authorized buyback program. During the final quarter of fiscal year 2013, we intend to purchase at least 1 million shares under our share buyback program. In addition to our share buyback, our Board of Directors today declared a quarterly dividend of $0.17 per share, consistent with our previously advised dividend policy. Our balance sheet remains very strong. Net cash balances at the end of the quarter were $672 million. And at March 31, total assets stood at $2.4 billion, and net equity was $1.8 billion. I'll now hand the call back to our operator for your questions.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. Thanks, Rob. So if you look at -- if you kind of look at that year-on-year in both product mix and the manufacturing logistics improvements were both significant contributors. So we kind of don't break that down blow-by-blow, but both of them were meaningful contributors to that gross margin expansion this time.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. A lot -- those operating mix and targets and so on that we have is not something that we sort of publicly go out there with. But I would say -- I mean, clearly, we will look for operating leverage over time. You're certainly seeing that with, for example, SG&A spend, and you're seeing some margin expansion coming through as well. So they've really been driving out operating ratios and so on, which are in very good shape, and we will continue to do that. R&D, a little bit different. We'll absolutely invest in the product pipeline, and we'll invest on merits really from the ground up in terms of where we see gaps in the market and opportunities. So that one we look at it much more differently, if you like. But certainly, we're absolutely committed for initiative that are going to drive those operating ratios, but we're not out there on public records sort of disclosing what they are.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes. Jeff, we're paying a small amount, but really I think I mentioned a quarter or 2 ago really that number if you look at it annually, it would be less than $1 million. Most of our products don't fall into the device tax.
James Hollingshead: Sure, Mick. Thanks very much for the question, David. I don't have a lot to add to what Mick said. We were obviously talking to our customers about the issue of competitive bidding round 2 frequently, and nobody's happy with the extent to which reimbursements have been cut. And it does represent a cut in reimbursement portion of their business, but I do think it's fair to say that the more sophisticated HMEs out in the market understand that -- understand a couple of things. The first thing they understand is that there's a volume opportunity if they want contracts. The second thing they understand is what they need to do is drive efficiencies into their business. And so that tends to be the kind of conversation we're having with customers, is how we can help them. As Mick alluded to, how we can help them by providing solutions and services so that they can run more efficiently.
James Hollingshead: I just -- only a couple of things to add to that, Mick. I think that there will be a number of different models as different insurers shift to PSG to HST in different geographies and with independent physician groups, et cetera. So it's a complicated landscape. I don't think there's going to be a world where a primary care physician was utterly ignorant of sleep apnea is writing scripts for sleep apnea, right? There will always be some sort of influence model in there whether it's coming from an insurer or from a specialist who's read the study and is recommending the therapy and so on. And as Mick says, we have a number of programs underway right now, and I would say that some of them are early stage and we're experimenting. We have a number programs underway right now to drive awareness and brand awareness into the PCP space, but I don't think there's a huge risk associated with PCPs ending up as sort of arbiters in the space without knowing anything. It's really our job to educate the PCPs.
James Hollingshead: Yes, I think it's a good question, and I actually think it's a very difficult question to answer. As you say, Mick, negotiations are happening daily and the bid rates when they came out, they obviously create a ripple through the market and all of our customers' concern about reimbursement from CMS, and we're negotiating. One thing that I think works very strongly in our favor is that our products drive better compliance, and that's still a very important thing for the business model of all of our customers. And so we're going to continue to negotiate and work with our customers, both on pricing than on other things that we can do for the business. And we'll have to see how it plays out. I think we're very strongly positioned, and I think our customers recognize the value that our products bring to them, as well as our solutions like ECO. And we'll manage it as we can and we'll see how it goes.
Donald Darkin: Thanks, Mick. David, we're pretty confident that what's coming out in the next few months is going to be more than adequate to cover what we need. I think more importantly, the actual pipeline itself over the next months, you're going to see pretty much what we've been planning on for some time now. And I think the competitive position for us will be more than adequate as we go forward.
Donald Darkin: Thanks, Mick. Yes, it is a difficult one to try and understand whether there is actual revenue directly as we add people in ECO. Clearly, it has many functions that enable us to keep those customers in a position when we need them. With Umbian, it's a slightly different situation where we are, in fact, getting revenue from the use of Umbian. And as that software package grows, there will be other opportunities for us to see and measure. But at this point, it's a very difficult one to sort of track if that's answering your question.
Donald Darkin: Yes. It certainly seems that way. But to actually put an exact track number on it's quite difficult at this point. And I think longer term, it will be easier to make a call on it. But for this stage, difficult.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. Great question, Ben. And we have a large focus on COPD, and I'm going to hand this question for further detail on to Geoff Neilson, who's the President of our Respiratory Care group. But just to lead out there, the COPD market opportunity is huge. It's the top 5 killer in the Western world. It actually I think just jumped up to #3, ahead of stroke, which dropped down to #4 in terms of how many people it kills in the Western world. But apart from that, it also costs the system a heck of a lot of money. And that rehospitalization, as many of you know, particularly in the U.S. market, there are serious penalties to hospitals for within 30-day rehospitalization events. We think we can help the hospitals, but also really help the patients and physicians who have trouble with these exacerbated events with our VPAP COPD product. And the market opportunity is in the triple digits, but I will hand over to Geoff to provide some more color for you there, Ben.
Michael J. Farrell: What I'd add on to that, Ben, is that there's some level of sustained competitive advantage from the VPAP COPD not necessarily just in the device, but also in -- as you saw in the press release and you heard in the remarks we just made, it's linked to EasyCare Online. Having a cloud-based compliance and adherence in management system that already has its market share growing in the core SDB space linking the VPAP COPD, not only with the whole S9 platforms. So all the humidifiers, tubing connectivity but also the cloud-based connectivity is there. We think that can provide some level of sustained competitive advantage. And as Geoff said, we expect to get more than our fair share of this large opportunity in COPD.
Michael J. Farrell: Well, that's a good question, Ben, and I think you somehow got 3 questions in there by asking some sub questions around COPD. But the third question, competitive bidding yes, look, absolutely there -- are potential impacts on pricing. I think what we've said in past calls and at conferences and so on is that there's been sort of traditional 3% to 5% annual reduction, like-for-like reduction on products within the market. Could this push it to the high end of that range or even a little bit beyond it? Yes, certainly. I mean, that 5% year-on-year reduction in prices is something that we would present, expect and predict and plan for. Our job and this is something that our team has worked incredibly well on is to take more than that 5% or 5% to 6% out of COGS supply chain delivery. And we talk about the supply chain, meaning all the way from our factory to the delivered patient. So looking at the efficiency of the HME as well. So there could be some increased significant pressure, but it's not -- nothing different to what we've seen before and nothing that we weren't expecting and weren't planning for and have been executing on, I think, quite well through these first rounds of competitive bidding. So we see -- we think there'll be reasonably steady sailing through it, but we're ready for alternate weather reports.
Michael J. Farrell: I'd say it's lesser risk and really an opportunity, Mike, and something that we've not only planned for but are starting to execute on, as Jim said.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, Ian, that's a good question and, Don, I'll hand this over to you before going too far. EasyCare Online is a software provision that gives customers chances for efficiencies, the ability to remotely manage adherence in a way that is kind of unique and certainly serious value-add. I do think there is a very strong indirect influence on their choice of a Flow Generator because of that, and so that indirect strength is there. There are some direct revenues associated with the overtime AFEs and so on that we put through there but we're really focused on the innovation part that ResMed brings to the game, which is in the medical device field. But, Don, maybe want to talk to some of the other areas like our Umbian acquisition and the opportunities that we have with U-Sleep as well.
Michael J. Farrell: So directionally, it's having influence, which is hard to quantify it, and I think is the short answer.
Michael J. Farrell: I'll hand over to Rob, and then he may hand over to Brett to give more details on gross margin contribution for the quarter.
Geoff Neilson: Ben, thanks for the question. I think if you look at the number of COPD exacerbations, which are hospitalized every year, there is getting close to 100 million -- sorry, 1 million patients every year hospitalized for COPD. Around 400,000 of these are hypercapnia COPD patients, which means that they'd be suitable for NIV treatment post discharge. Unfortunately, because of the qualification criteria here in the U.S., not all of them can be qualified for NIV therapy. So we were estimating the market given the current qualification criteria in reimbursement to be in the order of $100 million annually in the U.S. So that's -- and this product, it is really focused at what the requirement is in the U.S. As far as the time frame goes, obviously, we've got to change some practices in terms of discharge, prescribing behavior. These patients can qualify direct from the hospital rather than going to the sleep lab, and so that's not a short-term activity and we do have a sales force in the ground that we're building up who's calling on the hospitals and the discharge planners with the discharge guidelines and education material to try and change that. But it's going to be a multi-year activity to build up our fair share of that $100 million market.
Geoff Neilson: No. So this is going to be reimbursed under EO 470, which is a standard bilevel without a backup rate pricing. So this device is specifically designed to meet the FDA criteria for respiratory insufficiency device, which as the device has indicated, for COPD. But for the first time, it's possible to prescribe on label bilevel device for respiratory insufficiency and do that straight from the hospital. So it's going to be a premium to your existing bilevel devices, but it's not going to be priced at a ventilator-type pricing.
Geoff Neilson: I think we could expect to get our fair market share of this. Clearly, it's possible for other companies to get these indications, and we've optimized our product specifically around treatment for COPD. But it's not impossible for others to do the same thing in time.
Geoff Neilson: If I can just add to what Mick said. So many of these patients are on oxygen with our new ClimateLine Oxy tubing, and we allow oxygen to be fed in there. That means we're optimizing humidification and therefore, comfort for these patients, which means that we enhance compliance. And that also means that we're reducing exacerbations and reducing rehospitalizations.
Geoff Neilson: Yes. So we've optimize the parameters and so on in the device, specifically for COPD, to make it easy to set it up because we want this to be set up directly from the hospital and not have to go through the sleep lab.
Peter C. Farrell: And maybe you can add a little bit more, Geoff, in the sense that we've also altered some of the characteristics for inhaling and exhaling. We won't go into details there, but we've really optimized the way the unit functions.
Peter C. Farrell: And, Ben, just to add a little bit to that, maybe I've been smoking too much dope, but I don't recall any discussion of 6% to 8%, maybe somebody else has talked about that but there's no way ever talked about 6% to 8%. In terms of price reductions, yes.
Peter C. Farrell: There's no need. EasyCare Online is about the present and the future. And of course -- I was just going to say, and, of course, some governments such as in France are starting to mandate that you need to have compliance there and even CMS with this 90-day rule where you've got to show 30 days continuous usage. That's also part of the influence EasyCare Online is meeting or is addressing. And the S8 is -- I mean, it's being phased out, if you like, or almost has been phased out.
Peter C. Farrell: Basically, it's a hospital issue and some of our products that don't sell directly to hospitals will fall under the medical device tax of 2.3% on revenues, but it's happily, it's not material for us.
Peter C. Farrell: Thank you very much. I'd just like to thank the team for their efforts, and once again, we have some first-class employees backed up by some first-class products, and we are very optimistic about the future. And so thank you for joining us today, and I'll leave you in very good hands with Mick and Rob operating within the office of the CEO. We have an extremely strong productive and excellent team across the globe. And so thanks to all for their efforts. And that completes the call, and we look forward to keeping you posted on our progress. Thanks, guys.
Robert Douglas: Sure, Mick. Okay, Mike, the German insurance industry is pretty fragmented. There's about 130 insurers. Even though they have been consolidating, that's still quite a lot. Recently, councils have put out request for tender, and they went through. Our competitors won those tenders, and they won them at pretty low prices that don't seem to include requirements for compliance monitoring or good patient service. We actually don't think that's very good care of the patient, and we don't think it's going to be a major trend in Germany. So we're keeping a careful eye on it, but we don't think it's the main thing for Germany for us.
Robert Douglas: Sure, Mick, thanks. It has been going on in the past for quite a while quite. And as I've said, it's quite a fragmented insurance industry and while they are practically a common set of top-level rules, they have different practices in different companies and there has been tenders over the years there, and we've seen then come and go in the past as well.
Robert Douglas: Thanks, Mick. Yes, Ian, we continue to work on product cost, both on the incremental improvements and operating costs through the manufacturing system. The shift to Singapore continues to help. Our Malaysian factory producing headgear is working well. And of course, the product design teams really have a big impact on the cost of the products through as well. In terms of the exact mix of margins effects, I'll hand that over to Brett.
Robert Douglas: It's a difficult one to actually answer in a sense of what penetration we have today. We've got several hundred thousand patients in the system. But when it comes to reverting back to S8, we don't intend to do that. Going forward, obviously, we'll be covering all of our new products as they come out. But I guess it's just a tough, tough question to answer that in this period. Again, as we go forward, it's going to become clearer where we're at. But today, it's quite a difficult one to answer.
