Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Cheryl. Good afternoon, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to ResMed's fourth quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings call. Thanks for joining us. The call is being webcast live and the replay along with a copy of the earnings press release and our updated investor presentation will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate Web site later today. Joining me on the call today to discuss our quarterly results are CEO, Mick Farrell; and CFO, Brett Sandercock. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. During today's call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures, please review the notes to today's earnings press release and earnings presentation. As a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results may differ. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. With that, I'd like to go ahead and now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to the Q&A portion of the call. I would like to remind everyone to please limit yourself to one question and if you have follow-ups or additional questions, please feel free to return to the call queue. Cheryl, we're now ready to start the Q&A portion.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Mick. Thank you all again for joining us today. If you do have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to me directly or to our general Investor Relations line. As previously mentioned, all the documents along with a transcript and a replay of today's call will be available on our Web site later today. Cheryl, you may now go ahead and close the call.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So, thanks for the question, and yes, clearly now Europe -- you know, that is Europe, Asia, and rest of world, so it's the whole world apart from the U.S., Canada, and Latin America, clearly incredibly strong year-on-year growth in the devices side primarily driven on the upside by the ventilator sales, and so, these were, you know, we've had talked about contracts with national governments in the U.K., France, Germany for ventilator sales that were delivered during that June quarter and others around Asia and rest of world. So, that's been the sort of this tailwind if you like from COVID-19, and the headwinds, there were pretty dramatic shutdowns that we saw certainly in Western Europe and most parts of Southeast Asia, including China, which is still at 50% of its fleet capacity today, and that severely slowed down first time set up of patients, but in those geographies, the sort of resupply technology that I talked about in the prepared remarks like SnapWorx, [Oracle] [ph], and Brightree ReSupply, those are all U.S. based technologies, and we really haven't put those technology into play in those European markets. There's an opportunity to do that in the future, but they are not there and they don't have the same resiliency around those mask sales. So, that sort of it's almost like a tale of two markets, if you like, on the devices versus masks during that Q4 for Europe, Asia, and rest of world.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Andrew, this is a question that macroeconomics around the world are working on in every industry, when are we going to see as these lockdowns turn to openings and every city, every country, that we're operating in has different metrics on how fast they're opening and where they're opening. Some never closed, like Sweden. Some are opening really well like Germany, and some are going to second size shutdowns like China. And so, the best we can see as we model it, and we've got a lot of scenarios for the next fiscal year, but the best we can see is across that portfolio of 140 countries we see a sequential sort of U-shaped recovery where we start with Q1, and then we build up to Q2, Q3, Q4 through the fiscal year, as we start to see these reopening happen. We're going to expect second waves and third waves and fourth waves and the sort of W's within a particular city or particular state, but across the country level and certainly at the 140 country portfolio level, we expect that to be a U-shaped recovery, in our likely case throughout the fiscal year, and so, it all sort of turn to a world where we look at sequential growth from Q1 to Q2, and then from Q2 to Q3, and Q3 to Q4, and that's how we're sort of modeling the recovery of our sleep apnea, our COPD, and our asthma patient flow, and therefore that part of our business. There will be resiliency in the mask resupply, particularly in the U.S. geography and some other buffers that we have around our SaaS business, but that's sort of how we're looking at it on a macro basis.
Mick Farrell: Again, Andrew, I would be a great macro economist working for a large multinational bank to make a prediction like this, and they're often wrong when they make those predictions. I think it's very difficult to say when exactly we will be back to the pre-COVID times. I did see a presentation from a global bank economist, who talked about 12 months, 24 months return to normal type period; very difficult to know. Health care, we're more resilient, people as opposed to going to retail to get a new automobile, or a new sound system, or a new home repair, they are going to their primary care physicians and their elective surgeries much quicker, and you can look on those two metrics which are pretty well-published in the major geographies, so PCP visits, GP visits, and for elective surgeries and hospital visits, and we're starting to see those metrics tick-up on a week-to-week basis. And so, the other types of analogs that we're watching and looking at, and then all the other parts come into play. Obviously, there's the upside as I talked about in the prep remarks, if there's an effective vaccine or an effective treatments to COVID-19, all bets are off, this goes to the V-shaped recovery in the markets as they get vaccinal treatment, but we've got a likely expected case of a U throughout the fiscal year, and then get back to that normal in that sort of 12 to 24-month time period.
Mick Farrell: Yes, John, it's a great question, and actually, we are looking at Germany as sort of a model of not only how to have dealt with the crisis, that country did a really good job of preparing early, they got their ventilator orders in early and they had, they never reached peak capacity in any of the major regions, cities or hospitals, and now as I recover, as I said in the prepared remarks, they north of 85% of the sleep lab capacity, they were behind the COVID Germany on home sleep apnea testing, but it really, they sort of had a leap forward on that, and I think that will move from, it was maybe 5% or 10% of diagnoses in Germany pre-COVID. I think that'll move to a solid double-digit number post-COVID, but Germany is a great model for the recovery, and it's a country right next door there in France had excellent home sleep apnea testing pre-COVID and so I think the recovery will be quite swift in France as well. You can almost look, you're asking for the analogy to the United States. Take those two countries as different regions within the U.S., Germany could be analogous to some of the states in the U.S. like mostly in the Midwest, where there's a lot of sleep apnea tests done in a sleep apnea lab and I think that will take a longer time to get to capacity just because of all the restrictions around COVID the deep cleaning and just people's psychology about turning up to a sleep lab and staying overnight versus some states, maybe like California or Massachusetts or Florida where home sleep apnea testing was more prevalent. Those not only had less of a dip during the crisis because they're able to move their patient flow to home sleep apnea test, we think they may recover faster in the patient volumes in those areas, and so, we certainly are looking at those analogs, and certainly we're sharing a learning internally here at ResMed from our Germany team, the CEO of Germany, Katrin Pucknat, she's a member of my Global CEO Operations team. So her best practices of what they're doing there brought to the global team and Jim Hollingshead and the team on the sleep and respiratory care side, and then driving that through our U.S. market with our great commercial team we have here in the U.S. and beyond, and so I'm quite confident that we're going to see a sequential quarter-to-quarter recovery throughout the fiscal year. I think we've reached the idea here in Q4 of a flow of patients globally and within our major geographies. And we're going to pick those up every quarter as we go through, I do think there's going to be second, or first waves impacting Latin America and Africa and so on. And I do hope that we're able to secure some good ventilator sales into there for now, because that will need them on a humanitarian basis, but then they will recover a little later in those geographies, but I'm pretty comfortable of our plan, likely case scenario of a steady sequential recovery, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 throughout the fiscal year, assuming no vaccine, no treatment, if those happen, it could be a significant one where you start talking about year-on-year numbers again, versus quarter-on-quarter numbers.
Mick Farrell: Yes, David, it's a really good question, and we actually have some good information around that because we have both, you know the sort of digital end-to-end play on the sleep apnea market where we have apnea link air, which is cloud connected, honestly, that we are testing, all the way through to the obviously the air solutions platform with the air sense devices that are 100% cloud connectable as well, so we see activation rights on that weekly basis, and you picked it, we have seen during the quarter sort of that idea in that sort of late April, early May timeframe, and that we've started to see weekly increases from that idea. You see to the public data around primary care physician visits, and elective surgeries are picking up, and we also see, and without quantifying because that's sort of pretty proprietary data for ResMed, I can certainly say qualitatively to question that offer that idea in, you know, late April, early May, we have seen week-to-week increases on enhanced sleep apnea tests, but also in the activation really importantly as the market leader in market share for sleep apnea devices we're seeing activations increased from that idea point on a weekly basis and so, and we have our geography and you can see all these effects like did this or that city did that, you can see, little W shapes in some of those that have the aggregate, we're seeing that sort of steady U-shaped recovery, even in down to that granular level during the quarter and that's what gives us the confidence as we project forward into a lot of uncertainty in COVID times, 52 weeks seems like a lot of uncertainty that we think there will be that steady across the portfolio steady U-shaped recovery, but I think that's the most color I can provide you there, David.
Mick Farrell: Yes, exactly, David, that's exactly how I interpret the sort of classic U. So, thank you for clarifying that.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So, look at that company you mentioned is particularly a U.S. focused company and so that's a pretty good analog for the double-digit decline that happened in stocks for the U.S. geography that sort of 30%, so 70% before and then picking up from that nadir as an average across the country, it would have been lower in some states that have tighter lockdowns and more sleep lab focused and less than that in some of the more liberally in terms of opening states and, but then when you look across 140 countries, you really got to say, okay, well every country treated this differently, but Germany already being up to 85% of pre-COVID, that dip wasn't that low. I don't think they got below 75%, because they were able to pivot to sleep apnea testing pretty quickly and as you know we've got a grind in that market and have great visibility. China had a very steep drop, the government there was very strict in their lockdown and that went down, very high double-digits, and has now got back up to 50% all pre-COVID towards the end of June. And so, it's almost like and we have, you could model every over 140 countries by region, by city, and then, look at a sort of computational basis of this, but it gives us confidence with that detail the last 180 days of how this has gone to project for the next 360. But yes, look for the U.S., that sort of an idea in the high 60s and maybe an average around the 70% for the quarter, but leaving at rates higher than that is sort of where we're at for that geography.
Mick Farrell: Suraj, that's a great question, but it gets into a level of detail that we don't want to share for competitive reasons, but look, I can give some color around it, the $125 million in ventilator sales were to the countries that during that last 90 days you [technical difficulty] have seen through the media and other contexts had the biggest impacts from COVID-19. So I think publicly, we've talked about a contract with the U.S. government and FEMA, a $32 million public contract for 2,500 or so Astral devices, and then we had some public contracts with other countries, the U.K. the National Health Service, Germany, France, Japan and Australia. I thought some that I think we've talked about in various media areas, but just given the nature of sort of the competitive dynamics, but then also some of the hospital systems and nations like to choose to publicize to their own populations, those numbers at their own rate. I don't want to go into any further detail on that, but appreciate the question Suraj, and just know that -- one thing that really made us proud is that $125 million of ventilator sales save lives, and there are tens of thousands of people, who wouldn't have been breathing with COVID-19 that were, and if their immune system was able to beat this little protein virus, when it gets in the body, they lived, and we think that was a great benefit for those countries and for those individual people and their families.
Mick Farrell: Great questions, Steve. Brett, if you address the first part on the clarification and then we'll have Dave to talk to competitive bidding.
Mick Farrell: And with regard to your question on competitive bidding, Steve, I mean, we certainly support a delay. We were very pleased to see that just earlier this week. I believe a letter went over from over 100 members of the House and Senate urging the administration and CMS to delay competitive bidding. We've been working with other industry participants to try to advance that perspective. Obviously, there's a lot going on, and we don't get feedback from them as to whether it's likely or not, so we just have to wait and see with everyone else, but we certainly would support that. Having said that, we'll do what we can to support our customers, whenever competitive bidding does come out, so fingers crossed on that.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Matt, it's a great question, and look, what I'll give is the generic revenue model of how we at Propeller -- through David Van Sickle, who's the CEO of Propeller and his commercial team globally, sort of the revenue models that they follow without giving any obviously details of any particular customer or partner. So, the general revenue models for Propeller are: number one, a development fee, there's often a development fee that we charge partners for the software engineers, who create the codes for the app that works specifically for that customer, that's a relatively monopod of the life cycle revenue, but it's there; and then secondly, we charge for the sense of the hardware that's provided each time that's sort of Propeller Sensor that has the cloud connectivity and then collects the data locally on usage adherence and other parameters; and then thirdly, which is the major part is the per activated user per month part of the revenue that is associated with that account. So then, that's really an alignment of Propeller ResMed's revenue with the pharmaceutical company, but also really importantly with the patient and their actual usage of it, and most importantly for their outcomes that they stay out of hospital longer it reduces total system costs, and so on. So, there's sort of three parts to that revenue, and all of them are in play for all of those customers that we talked about in the prepared remarks, and look, it's early days, this isn't yet material revenue for ResMed in this quarter or next quarter, but as we look over FY '21, FY '22, and certainly as we look to our long-term strategy, our ResMed 2025 strategy, I think this digital health component and this recurring revenue component of medical adherence to COPD and asthma medications is going to be not only material part of our business, but a really exciting one for transforming care across the industry.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Cheryl, and thanks to all of our shareholders for joining us on the call. I'd also like to once again take the opportunity to thank all 7,500 ResMedians, many of whom are also shareholders, for their dedication and hard work, not just this quarter and this year, but over the years, helping people sleep better, breathe better, and live better lives outside the hospital in 140 countries worldwide. Thanks for all that you do every day. Thanks especially to our ResMed heroes on the frontline, production, distribution, tech service, and those who help in the set-up of our ventilators and ventilation masks during this global crisis. You helped over 150,000 people potentially through those products, and I look forward to thinking you in person when this is all possible post-COVID, and we'll talk to everyone on this call in about 90 days. Thanks a lot.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, the only thing I would add, Mick is there would be consistent with last quarter, there is a portion of that production that remains in inventory at June 30. So that's certainly the case. Well, as Mick said, Astral is still producing still fairly tight, and I think we will continue to do that next little while.
Brett Sandercock: Sure, Mick. Hi, Gretel. Yes, I mean, you've covered a few of those moving parts in the gross margin and it's probably heightened on certainly at the moment with COVID-19 and where those impacts will end. We are seeing some elevated costs rolling through, and then some of those, I think, on freight will continue for a little while. We are actively trying to mitigate that, but I think -- I mean we would get drawn in specific guidance, but I think you'd have to say -- you'd have to say there's probably not likely that we had, we'd say gross margin expansion in the short-term.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, to clarify that that July group -- that's group revenue, Steve, on that. So that -- that's -- that's everything. That's the entire company.
