Peter C. Farrell: Right. At the end of January we’ll be pretty much at the full complement of patients for the study. But and we’ve got some studies ongoing which probably won’t complete their patient requirements until the end of May. But we are looking at a – still a couple of years. We had a meeting on the cardiovascular space just this week. And people are feeling pretty comfortable with the compliances being addressed the way it should be addressed that the units mainly in Germany, but also Germany and France together with the bulk of all the clinical centers. We seem to be on track, and people are quite satisfied with where we are, but it’s still early days in terms of any results. Perhaps I could also add we are planning a study which will be run in the U.S., not on IFU or an indications for use study, that is not an FDA approved study, but a study done with a prestigious university, well, let’s say, I will give it out, Duke. And we are just dotting the Is and crossing Ts for Chris O'Connor, who is the Chair of Cardiology at Duke, not everything has been put to bed, but we are going to do a study which doesn’t have mortality and morbidity as the endpoints, but rather six-minute walk quality of life, injection, fraction and so on, and we are actually quite excited by that, particularly based on some of the data that I’ve referred to before coming out of Japan.
Peter C. Farrell: No, I wouldn’t necessarily. You will get a lot of – we expect a lot of good anecdotal reports, but nothing perspective, randomized controlled trial, peer review stuff if you like. But…
Peter C. Farrell: But we will still be keeping you up to date with, met our analyses and smaller studies, if you like.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, I think there is a fair amount of runway there David. I mean, it's sort of sticking your finger in the air to try to guess at it. But all I can say is the momentum is clearly there and you’re not going to see very much usage of sleep labs of pressure setting. And the fact is that there are now enough peer reviewed papers in the literature comparing our AutoSetting devices with fixed CPAP. And in fact, if you look carefully at the data, the data are more in favor of APAP than they are in favor of fixed CPAP in terms of compliance and compliance in terms of the number of hours patient spends on the device. And it really makes no sense at all given those data and we’ve sold – how many APAPs you think we've sold now? I know it's somewhere in the 2 million area. I mean it’s not like we haven’t got pretty of data on these devices. And it makes no sense to go to a sleep lab to have the pressure set. I mean it’s just you better off on an AutoSetting device, which is what we’ve been saying for the last decade and the data are now there to prove it. And it’s just an added inefficiency to go to a sleep lab to set a pressure. It’s an added expense, it makes no sense to send the money and you’re not getting any benefit, so we’d say continuing. And particularly now with 75%, shortly 75% of commercially covered lives requiring pre-authorization, this horse has got plenty of puff.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, Saul, we’ve had data going back for almost a decade. And it's interesting when you look at the Japanese data and now it’s not. If you are looking at the U.S. market, the Japanese data would be considered not tight enough, not near the protocols, not enough focus on randomized control trials and so forth. But we did sort of introduce the data from 25 centers in Japan to various people here. And I’ve noted before that in Japan, cardiologists are actually doing the sleep studies themselves, I mean, it just so happens that the infrastructure there is conducive to that. But cardiologists are now putting patients onto adaptive servo ventilation treatment, the AutoSet CS without the patient having frank sleep disorder breathing. And the reason is that they maintain, well first of all, there’s been nothing new under the sun and in the treatment of Congestive Heart Failure for decades or at least a couple of decades. And they know that the drying out of the lungs, drying out of the pleura area around the heart and the patients are just doing much better. So we believe that by getting the word out to people that this will have an impact on the sales. Also, the fact that the SERVE-HF trials what we’ve seen particularly in Germany and France. What we’ve seen is the fact that you have seen your heart failure specialists who are involved in the study and they are seeing positive results with the patients and so we’re seeing an up tick in sales just by the fact that they are involving clinical trials. So you’re right, but I don’t think we’re not sitting back, waiting for a couple of years for a study to be completed. We’re out there marketing the products and we’re doing whatever we can within the law and within the regulatory environment to draw people’s attention to have valid, we believe these data are.
Peter C. Farrell: And Matt just to add a bit more flavor you know on the issue of price pressures and cheaper products being available, if these guys can offer interim solutions and the robustness of the data management and the algorithms, I mean we’re just not seeing – look, I’m not saying we’re complacent, that’s the last thing we are, but we just don’t see this as being a big deal.
Peter C. Farrell: And there is an economic incentive for people to do it for the healthcare providers, because they get paid more or they paid less if they don’t provide this. And so well actually, they will go out of business 
Peter C. Farrell: Well, the French reimbursement model, is sort of a fixed regular weekly fee, and that has got a plan for where that goes. And over time, like all issues in business, gradually decreases. But the rates, it won't decrease if you're on the telemonitoring. So it’s an effective price differential coming in there for that.
Peter C. Farrell: Thank you, Adrean. Yeah, thanks everybody for listening and I think we will call it quit. And except to say that another great quarter from our team and I want to congratulate all ResMed employees for doing just an absolutely splendid job once again for our 72 record quarter; that’s now 18 years, I sound like a broken record. So it’s a pretty good record, which we are extremely proud of. So thanks to the guys and the team.
Brett Sandercock: Dan, I think as you can see, we've been sort of tracking at the high end of that range, and I suppose what I'd say is we're comfortable with that 60% to 62%. If you look at some of the product mix trends and they probably got some time to play out, then you could make the case that would be sort of the higher end of that range I suppose. But I would say, look, we're very comfortable with the range we’ve given. But as you can see that, trend-wise we’ve been at the higher end of that range.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah, the tax is really sort of reflects – sort of full-year tax calculations around the 21% to 22%, I think way we will be for the fiscal around that area.
Brett Sandercock: So I guess you can summarize it then most things the inconvenience in with the current build between what does it cost you for an AutoSet and what it cost for a regular CPAP. But I mean it’s kind of like wide boarder?Benjamin Andrew – William Blair & Company: Okay. And then, Peter, have you guys had conversations with any of the larger homecare dealers or even the GPOs that address some of those groups relative to their approach after Round 2? And again, we know the experience in Round 1. We've heard you guys answer that question quite a few times. But what sort of differential do you expect when you increase it by a factor of 10, and what sort of conversations are you having? Thank you.
Peter C. Farrel: Well, Saul, that's been in the hopper for so long, I mean it's almost since the birth of my first child. There've been so – CMS has just drawn a line in the sand on that. It would be nice if it were to happen. I just don’t see it. I mean we went – in years past, we spent a lot of time providing data going back and explaining that this is a completely different animal because it gives roughly a 40% lull of pressure through the night. It tracks to what the patient actually needs in the upper airway. And therefore, QED it's a different animal. And they just haven’t accepted the logic, so I don’t expect that to change. It will be nice, but I just don’t expect it to change.
Peter C. Farrel: Well, I haven’t had conversations. We all through that to Dave, Dave has been thinking about Round 2 quite a bit and maybe making comment. But Dave do you want to go first on that.
Peter C. Farrel: Well, you probably saw one of the analyst reports was that in the last day or so, comparing the quality of the masks and across the Board, whether it’s full face or whether it’s nasal pillows or the nasal masks and Mirage effects, we are just significantly above the others in terms of patients and physician acceptance. So our current offerings are actually pretty damn good, but you can always improve and Don and I were chatting just before Christmas or around Christmas while I was in Sydney and Don was showing me through the new masks in the hopper and they are just hugely impressive, but even without talking about JFU I think what we’ve got now is pretty good, you will in the future, we are not doing that, we continue to make improvements.  Now when others release masks typically what we get at is, we got go hope, people are going to try them, but so the Respironics offerings and they got offerings across those three spaces, full face and pillows and nasal. But we are still seeing better acceptance of our comp products and we expect that to continue. So you’ve got a blip, people try stuff, but now we are seeing it reverse. 
Peter C. Farrel: And if you’re looking at direct to consumer, I mean one thing you could think more about is that to be more along of lines of a diagnostic system, in other words, something alerting to you that you have poor sleep quality or whatever and that’s along the lines of sort of buying something in an Apple store or getting something from Omron measuring the wellness in this wellness category and then directing you to go to a sleep level, go to a sleep position or whatever. And to Mick’s point, if you don’t get compliance, we all lose. And we’re, frankly, pretty delighted with what we’re hearing about compliance now, and surprisingly the government actually did something sensibly. So we’re even more surprised at that. But the CMS, the 90-day, 30-day continuous user steam has been a positive of the marketplace. 
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, Ben, that model may have applied five to 10 years ago with the ratio of an AutoSet to CPAP device was three to one. Now, you are talking more like a 1.25 to 1 and the delta, the price difference between the two, given the whole price compression that's been happening that 3% to 5% we talked over these last years is a minimal delta and $75 at least to get somebody to go to the patient's home and change the device and then you’ve got to ensure the settings are right, and you can have complications and return visits. So the economic argument has driven to first time setup on APAC with all home sleep testing, but as we said in the preamble, some PSG testing is now looking at APAP applicator as well. And it’s because it drives compliance, adherence, and keeps the patient on therapy and adapts the changing needs, breathing position, change in drug regimen, change in weight, many, many factors. So the mix shift from CPAP to APAP is industry wide and we believe that plays to our strengths where the Autoset is superior to its competitors in that category, and they really are very few players, I would say, looking at a VPAP or APAP initial period and then moving a patient down to basic CPAP, because of the long-term complications that they see in the changer and long-term upside basically in iPad keeping the patient on therapy and keeping the patient out of hospital for payer and high quality life of the patient and for HME keeping them coming back to order replenishment masks and accessories.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah Bruce and actually this dives back into Matt’s question about the different tiers of HMEs right, so the large nationals, to the quantification, the large nationals have all adopted replenishment and I would say are executing pretty well on the current sleep test and we are working and partnering with them on that. The large regions, more than 50% of doctors, but there is still a lot of runway left on that large regional space. The mom and pops very much under penetrated in this space and we through EasyCare Online, that’s where it ties into Matt’s question, through EasyCare Online penetrating its way into that that sort of mom and pop and small regional space will give them the facility and capability and some other software elements that don’t into that that’s linked to our Umbian acquisition and usually platform is that start to become available throughout the HME space can give far more capability for this masked replenishment to take off. So if reimbursement allows 12 cushions per patient per year and we are solved two cushions per patients per year, and we are sub two cushions per patient. You can see there is a lot left on the runway and mask systems is more penetrated, but that cushions area, there is a lot of work to drive, no matter what happens on the reimbursement front. So it’s a balance across that and we are looking at how we empower the whole spectrum of our HME customer group across the small, medium and large segments and we have a team that is dedicated and focused to doing a consultant sales team that focus on this phase. So we are not just talking about it, we are taking action. 
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, hi, Mick and we saw your report that came out. I think one thing that when you look at the volumes and what the growth rate is and when we say the revenue growth rate in the Americas in 6% to 8%. It maybe that the volumes are slightly higher than that, I mean we have got mix shift as a positive, but then you’ve got ASP declines in the 5% range that is a negative factor on that as well. We haven’t talked publicly about volume numbers within devices, because we’re the only public company that goes into this space, and whatever information we use is heard by our competitors, but we don’t get the flip side of that. But I think one area that maybe worthwhile adding to your research area is the leakage that happens throughout the pipeline when a patient goes into the pipeline. And patients sometimes when they get the referral onto PSG or HST leak out the system. Our research has shown when you have a choice between home sleep testing, particularly in PSG and even just offering the HST. You get less patients leaking out of the system. So that would argue that even without the macroeconomic environment improving, which we think it probably is, you have that chance for lower leakage has HST goes from 12% a year ago to 25% this last calendar year to our projections are that is 35%, 45%, even some optimists at 50% by the end of this calendar year. So that leakage rate, we expect to reduce as home sleep testing comes to market. So that’s just another parts put in the equation of patient flow volumes.
Michael J. Farrell: Hey, look, I think it’s a great question about Philips. Basically, for those on the call who may not know, Philips worked on a pilot experiment with supermarket/pharmacy chain called Kroger's, and they’ve sent a letter to the industry about this, I am not breaching anything to this, they have made public. Their approach and experimentation with a pilot trial with a mass retail channel was provocative in a market. The immediate question from customers to us was, well, are you guys going to follow and we said no and here is why, we think it’s all about compliance and adherence, and ensuring that patient gets the best setup and the best chance to stick to seek that therapy. And that conversation with a physician, respiratory therapists, or some specialists in the space upfront talking about the comorbidities, heart failure, heart attack, hypertension, diabetes, morbid obesity upfront drives adherence. And the other part of it is just simple business models and what’s won. When you look at brick and mortar book stores, they are going out of business, the Amazon. So why would a patient who is compliant and happy with their mask want to pickup a cushion at Kroger's when they include if let’s say, the HME had setup a good replenishment program and you could just click 1 on your phone or press Yes on a text or click on an iPhone app that maybe the HME had provided or through EasyCare Online or I’m getting it provided for the patient. So we think the best business model will win is the one that drives best compliance and adherence, showing the return on care and that is better business model HMEs and it’s a wake-up call for HMEs. So if you don’t service the patients with cash model options, right, where it’s beyond reimbursement high deductible health plans, that someone else will fill that need. So there wasn’t a huge backlash in the quarter. Our growth numbers were based on solid performance. But it was an interesting experiment and it helped us create some conversations with our HMEs about reimbursement, cash business and replenishment that we think it was in line with our conversations before and was a catalyst for further discussions about maybe penetrating those large regionals and large mom and pops as to and even the small guys about how to drive replenishment, because if you don’t do it, someone else will. That was a sort of experiment and summary from outside.
Unidentified Company Representative: The only thing I add to Dave’s comments, which is right on track is that, we’re partnering with customers. We have discussions with them everyday about the processing environment Round 2 could not have been more publicized, probably, frankly more so in our investor and analyst community than it is with our commercial discussions that we have on a daily basis, because its part of the course. We know its happening. We know its going to hit July 1. Obviously they like on saying what the results were as they work through those results. But we’ve been having discussions with customers over the last two years on this. I know you asked not to use that expense in those nine cities for the 91, but as the business guy been involved in this, we have experienced that those discussions happen. We partnered with the winners. So what we plan to do, when it goes 10x is partner with the winners again. And we have a pretty good idea of who that will be. The partners who think about long-term compliance and adherence and the people who will pick up those orphan patients from some of the small folks, who may go out of business, so we know the plan, we have got it ready to put in place and we partner with our customs on it. So to summarize, Dave’s point, we are looking at the AAHomecare and the large industry groups, but we are also working with customers on the second front on a daily basis and we’re ready to grow through competitive bidding on too.Benjamin Andrew – William Blair & Company: Great, thanks guys. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, there is no question that people are saying it as an opportunity and the more compliance improves and we have seen compliance improving effect talking to a guy who runs a small service company in Atlanta this morning and he surprised me by saying that they compliances 90%. So if you are getting that sort of compliance, you are going to obviously see impact on replenishment.  And if you get right back to when CMS changes the rules and you got a share 30 days consistent years within 90 days period of a patient put on CPAP, then you are forced to get into the health informatics or at least track what’s happening and that also cause people to improve their compliance. So that also has a very positive impact on replenishment, but the latest data I saw were it’s still of the order, in fact a little less than two masks, two cushions per patient per year, but I will turn to Mick for further comments. 
Unidentified Company Representative: And a little bit of advertizing here for Singapore, last month I was down there and had the pleasure meeting with the economic development board at least their healthcare sector people. And when the Singapore government talks about business and government and academe working together they actually walk to talk and then nice to the other countries where we’re doing business, the United States or Australia they has done walk to talk, it’s more of an anti business environment there like, it can be with taxes or unionization of whatever it is but the Singaporean government, they’re just a pleasure, an absolute pleasure to work with 
Unidentified Company Representative: Well you know if you go back a couple of years ago maybe three or four years ago, Philips actually flagged if they were looking into direct-to-consumer, so we weren’t surprised by this statement to be honest. And Kroger is probably not a bad month to go where we have got 2000 outlets. But look I have heard a couple of stories that, there was one of the big DMEs and I listen you guys and they immediately withdrew, but then we heard that they only withdrew from the stores which were advertised, and it was still ongoing, but, Mick, you are closer to this than I am.
Robert Douglas: Yes Mike, it just stays as part of the long-term plan. We are putting growth in our production into Singapore, we're holding other facility steady. What will happen is we'll hit some capacity living in Singapore and then evaluate our next steps. But it’s clear to say, that could easily go to 75%, but it will happen steadily and incrementally. We are also running production in Malaysia of headgear that was the result of an earlier acquisition of some business, so that’s picking up that number a bit as well and our supply teams continuing to work on that strategy but in our growing business we can do this in a very organized way.
Robert Douglas: Yeah, I’d say the French bodies that are managing it, it really gets the economic case about sleep apnea and they want to make it even more efficient to treating, so there's been a discussion going on for about a year to implement this requirement for wireless monitoring effect of all patients and its been a tough discussion throughout the year, but its now reached a position where we know what to do.  We have actually got our EasyCare Online system running in France and working well and we’re going to provide the best online monitoring and the most efficient online monitoring service in France. It’s going to be a very good solution that we will be providing there and the French authorities want to see this start real soon, and around the middle of the year, they will be expecting all new patients to be wirelessly monitored to seek development. 
Robert Douglas: The reimbursement effectively changes midyear. You get paid less if you’re not offering data monitoring
