Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us, and welcome to ResMed's first quarter fiscal year 2020 earnings call. This call is being webcast live and the replay, along with a copy of the earnings press release and our updated investor presentation, will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today. Joining me on the call today to discuss our quarterly results are CEO, Mick Farrell; and CFO, Brett Sandercock. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. During our call, we will discuss several non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures, please review the notes to today's earnings release. As a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about our future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results may differ. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks. Brett. We will now going to turn the call over to the Q&A portion. I'd like to remind everyone to please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, please do feel free to return to the call queue. Chris, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you all again for joining us today. If you do have any additional questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Investor Relations or to me directly. As previously mentioned, all documents including the transcript and a replay of today’s call will be available on our website later today. Chris, you may now close the call.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Gretel. So we don't actually have full visibility even to the number. We sell to in the U.S. to home medical equipment companies that then sell to patients that are renewing in their five-year renewal or to new patient. So we don't have full visibility into that. But it is interesting with a reasonably sized patient pool in the United States it would be a good double-digit percentage or so of those that will be replenishment devices. But the 8% growth I think is really ahead of market. We think the market growth is in the sort of mid-single digits. And so to be at 8% growth in the U.S. shows that we were taking some share due to the value of Air Solutions, AirView and myAir and all the sort of digital health solutions that are there.
Mick Farrell: Steve, thanks for the question. We actually saw really solid growth in the core fleet business, as a sizeable chunk of that 8% growth in the U.S. Astral tends to be more of a player, ventilation in general tends to be more of a player in Europe and so some of that sort of 4% constant currency growth in Europe, Asia and rest of world will have been driven by the Astral in some sort of much smaller element of the 8% U.S. growth. But one thing that we've been really strong with our DME customers is to make sure that the right device goes on the right patient at the right time. And when you look at COPD, there were lots of solutions from our [indiscernible] as well as – so non-invasive ventilation, as well as even Stellar product in non-invasive ventilation all the way through to our Astral product, which is really a life support ventilator and should be used in very severe COPD and in life support needs. And so, yes, it really wasn't a huge contributor in the U.S. this quarter, probably slightly more significant in Europe. But it's really good solid balanced growth, if you like, from our sleep apnea side with some additions from respiratory care is how I'd position it.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Margaret. Certainly, we did have a very good quarter here in Q1. And as you said, we grew like sort of 11% constant currency globally in our sleep and respiratory care combined businesses. If you think about the global growth and we have enough data now to know that the growth really is in that mid- to high-single digits, so the devices growing in the mid-single digits and masks growing in the high-single digits. Clearly, we did take share in Q1 and a lot of that is driven by the digital health technology on the flow generator side to have some of the share taking on the device side, and then the new product introductions that I detailed in the prepared remarks, four new masks in addition to two strong flagship marks there, so NPI has been an incredible contributor to us. Just if you think through the year ahead, even during this quarter that we're currently in the second quarter, we're going to lap one of those four product launches on the mask side and we'll continue to lap those during the quarter. So look, I'm always very excited about our innovations; the smallest, the quietest, the most comfortable, the most connected, and I think that innovation drives. But you can't outgrow market forever, right? You've got to then focus on getting more patients into the funnel, which is our whole identify, engage and enroll people in. So I think a fantastic Q1, but as we look through the fiscal year, we think we can meet or beat market growth, but you're not going to beat it every single time.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So thanks for the question, Lyanne. And look, we have multiple competitors in the 120 countries we sell into and we expect new product introduction from our competitors on a regular basis. Yes, as you noted, during the quarter, we had 19% constant currency growth in U.S., Canada, Latin America. We also had 19% constant currency growth of masks in Europe, Asia and rest of world, where some of those masks and new launches have already been in play during the quarter. So I think we've – I know we've got the most robust sleep apnea mask portfolio on the planet versus our competitors in all the 120 countries that we participate in. But there's no arrogance or hubris heated out. Our team of R&D engineers furiously working, not only on technology to address underserved needs, but to think differently about how to really achieve that ultimate goal, which is sort of the silent CPAP and the invisible mask. And if you look at the N30 that we just launched, this minimalist category mask, it's about as close to an invisible mask as you can get. It is small, it is quiet, it is comfortable. So, look, I love innovation coming to the market from our competitors and from us because it keeps us all honest. But during the quarter, we performed very well versus all the NPI from our competitors with our own NPI. And I expect us to be able to do that into the future. And competition is just a healthy part of making sure that tens of millions of people get the breathing night.
Mick Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question, Sean. I wasn't at ERS, but I'll hand over to David Pendarvis, who can give us some more detail on the Novartis clinical trial.
Mick Farrell: Yes Thanks for the question, Anthony. Pharma companies – there are many respiratory pharmaceutical, pharma players in the field and the names you mentioned all have drugs in the market. One thing about pharma companies is they’re very competitive with each other and they don’t want information shared too much publicly. Certainly on our Investor deck we put the names of those where we have published clinical data and we are working with. And the reason we’re bringing Novartis in our prep remarks here is that’s a public clinical trial. One of the interesting things that’s happening here is there’s a lot of trials that aren’t public that are happening out there that obviously we cannot talk about. As we look forward, the important thing if you think about milestones, Anthony, to sort of to look at on this, sort of digital health option play if you like that we have in our strategy with the Propeller solution is when somebody goes from these pilot trials to a commercial trial and when they would allow us to talk about that publicly. And so, if and when that happens, that’s the milestone, I think that’s most important in a material element to our shareholders. As I said in the prep remarks, we got in early with Propeller and this is a long road. I think I used the analogy that it’s an ultra marathon. This is beyond just 26.2 mile. This is a huge journey. COPD number two cause for hospitalization and rehospitalization, the number three cause of death. It has such good runway for us in the future, but there’s nothing material in the quarter. And so, we’re just giving the update. We hit 100,000 patients. We think that’s fantastic. Right validation to have Novartis start its public study. It’s going to take a couple of years as Dave said. But I would expect that before those couple of years we will have some other milestones of going to some commercial trials that we can talk about in upcoming conference calls. But at the moment this quarter, Anthony, there’s nothing to report other than really good early data.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Saul. It allows us to talk to the area of interoperability, which is incredibly important for us here at ResMed. We have 100 API calls per second from integrators into our air solutions ecosystem. So every second 100 interactions with another EHR, EMR whether it’s an individual person or myAir app checking the therapy or a physician at Massachusetts pioneer looking over 20,000 patients to do some management by exception protocol. And so, the Cerner contract or deal is that they – Cerner are looking for ResMed and really truly through our MatrixCare managed team to take care of home health and hospice customers for them. So they have customers that have hospital systems, but for the out-of-hospital part where it goes to home health and hospice, they want ResMed to be their partner to take care of those. And we think it’s a really exciting opportunity for the MatrixCare sales team and for the Cerner sales team to partner up and have that move forward. And it was really interesting at the Cerner conference to have our MatrixCare and Brightree teams there and all the technology available from the iPad app and all the capabilities that we have for home health and hospice and to get some really good leads. It’s not going to be material in the next 90 days for us, this Cerner contract, but the reason we’re talking about it is that idea of interoperability with Cerner, with Epic, with Allscripts, with all the players in hospital healthcare, we think it’s going to be really important that ResMed is the best person that can provide that handshake that API from someone in acute care to what they call post-acute care, but what we call out-of-hospital healthcare and we think that partnership is going to be really strong. So we’ll give you updates as the quarters progress, not just to the Cerner home health and hospice partnership, but to other partnerships with hospital systems, hospital providers and EHR providers. We think it’s a good milestone to show that one of the top three leaders along with Epic and Allscripts there in hospital EHR has chosen ResMEd as their home health and hospice care provider with our MatrixCare managed solution and we’re really excited about that.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Shane. Thanks for the question. It’s a good one. There are changes in reimbursement not just in HME as we just talked about, but also in skilled nursing facilities and within home health and hospice. These provide excellent opportunities for Software-as-a-Service providers to – if you’re ahead of the game as MatrixCare was for the skilled nursing facilities changes as we are for the home health and hospice changes to be able to support customers through that change and even grow share because you’ve got the best solution that deals with those changes well. One thing I can say is that the new CEO there at MatrixCare, Steve Pacicco has formed great relationships with the customers and he has a great sales team that know the skilled nursing facility teams really well. And we’ve not only helped them through these changes in this quarter, but also set them up for success that our systems are operating well under the new reimbursement approach within those verticals. So that’s – when you roll that all together, it’s part of sort of that 2020 execution plan I talked about earlier that we see a good pop even if the blended rate of growth across these seven out-of-hospital healthcare verticals is in those high single digits. We think there are areas where we can get better growth than that. And we plan to exit 2020 with a double digit growth trajectory in the segment of SaaS. And part of that is going to be doing just what your question asked about, which is every part of the vertical, whether it’s skilled nursing facilities, whether it’s our new play in home health and hospice, the hunting license with Cerner in addition to our ability to grow share through having solutions that are ahead of the curve on reimbursement changes, they’re all opportunities to be able to grow faster and form longer partnerships with our customers.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So Anthony, I’ll take the first part of your question on masks and Dave will take the second part. Clearly we had excellent new product introduction over the last 12 months, but your question was around do people do stocking orders. Our U.S. distribution, and frankly, our global distribution partners are getting very intelligent about inventory management, not just those who use Brightree and have ResMed’s Brightree inventory management system, which will actually manage it for them, but many of them are getting really appropriate on that knowing when a new mask comes, watching how there r teasers setting it up and seeing the patient flow and making sure they don’t get too ahead of the curve or behind the curve. You don’t want a patient in the fitting room that wants the N30 and it’s not there, but on the other hand, you don’t want excess inventory because I have inventory carrying costs as everyone knows and our U.S. distributors are actually quite sophisticated on this. So I – obviously when some – you launch a brand new mask, people do need to make sure they got that mask on the shelf. But given the proportion of existing resupply patients, which is a very large portion, particularly the U.S. distributors patient flow, we don’t think there was material impact from stocking. Now, we don’t have full insight into our customers that aren’t using Brightree or other inventory management solutions, but we think it’s a pretty steady approach and we’ve done new product introductions over the 20, 30 years we’ve been in business. And I don’t – we haven’t seen that a significant rate before and I don’t think we saw any significant rate of that during the last quarter. Dave, the second part of the question for you.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Chris. And thanks again to all our shareholders for joining us on the call this quarter. I’d also like to thank the 7,500 ResMedians, many of whom are also shareholders for their dedication and hard work, helping people breathe better, sleep better and live better lives outside the hospital in a 120 countries worldwide. Thanks for all that you do today and every day. We will talk again with all of our shareholders in approximately 90 days. Talk to you all then.
Rob Douglas: Sure, David. Just generally on the tariffs issue just to reiterate, as we've said before, the way our whole supply chain is configured, we're not really affected by the specific tariffs. We export very little into China from the U.S. and very little from China to the U.S. Our supply chain is more Southeast Asian focused. And we've got a great team in China doing local products for China. So that's pretty solid. Our AirView solutions on the other hand, mostly by the way developed by teams all around the world, but really a strong product offering, continues to deliver superior value to our customers. And we think – with day-in and day-out we'll fight competitions with those products and belief that we've got a better proposition to offer. So we – from our perspective, we didn't see any particular competitive issues that were sort of changing the normal competitive dynamics. We do have to sell and execute well. And our teams have been doing that.
Rob Douglas: Yes, thanks, David. Yes. The resupply program has definitely supported the mask portfolio. We've talked many times. You've got to understand the sort of the feedback of this. If we can get patients onto a good mask, they're more likely to stay on treatment, they'll do better and then they'll need a mask. And so we continue to see that dynamic happening. Our software solutions that support the resupply programs and enable our HME customers to manage resupply programs more efficiently and ensure that the patients have the treatment that they need when they need it. We’re also supporting it. These are long-term programs. We've been running resupply programs for many years now and our teams will continue to refine and focus it. And as Mick said earlier though, these markets are competitive. We do have competitors playing it. We have competition in resupply programs as well as in mask. And it really gets down to, we've got a really strong team executing broadly across all parts of the portfolio on this that will continue to make sure that we're providing the best solutions for patients and providers delivering the best outcomes. So I think it's really a steady as she goes progress. We love – we really like these resupply programs and they're providing us a very solid steady business.
Rob Douglas: Thanks, Mick. Yes, Thomas. We, as you recall, we launched Mobi very early this year and we’ve sort of been in a really still in a learning mode. It’s a great product. We’re actually learning a lot about the performance of the product and we’ve talked about and continue to validate the issue of the balance of the performance specifications and how the product works. And so, we’re in good shape there. What we’re also learning is that it is challenging through, particularly through the U.S. reimbursement model how to get the right patients on the right treatment and how to get that property funded and we have been trialing experiments in looking at ways to optimize and develop that. Really we’re learning a lot about what our sort of future pathways to market would be and how to – how can we make it best suitable for our HME customers to support patients and also what are the future needs of products further down the track and feeding learnings into our future roadmap. So with that all going on, the learning process is quite successful. We’re still not a major market share player with the product and that’s unlikely to change into the short-term future with the Mobi product that we’re currently investing and the way we’re heading at the moment.
David Pendarvis: Thanks, Andrew. The – obviously we spent a lot of time along with others in the industry trying to educate the market participants so they would be able to bid effectively and bid smartly given the new rules. We remained encouraged with the changes that were put in place principally that clearing price is what's going to drive reimbursement as opposed to the median price under the old regime, and some of the other changes that were made, including requiring bonds to bid in particular areas. We hoping that together with the education that the industry did will lead to smart bids and that'll lead to a fair, more realistic reimbursement. We obviously didn't participate in the bidding process and haven't had direct conversations with customers about what they bid. So it's all conjecture at this point as to where the ultimate reimbursement will land. But no matter where it is, whether it's a private pay, reimbursement change or a Medicare U.S. change or something elsewhere in the world, we're continually working with our customers to help them be more efficient, help them take advantage of the opportunities that present themselves and to enable them to better serve patients under whatever the reimbursement schemes are. So we'll definitely continue to do that, and watch where the U.S. Medicare landscape evolves. But at the moment, that's still a year and a bit away. So we'll just keep doing what we're doing and obviously focus on it when the time comes.
David Pendarvis: Terrific. Sean, we mentioned in the opening remarks, it goes by the name of magnify, and of course with trials these days you have to have a good acronym, and that stands for maximizing adherence and gaining new information for your COPD. And the trial is going to be obviously sponsored by Novartis. And what it's doing is taking patients within clinics and then within those clinics, randomizing the patients to either standard clinical practice or using Propeller. And then there'll be a comparison. And the endpoint is the time to failure of treatment. And then failure of treatment is defined in various ways such as needing an additional medication, having some particularly acute exacerbations, winding up in hospital, those kinds of things. And it'll look and see, whether or not adding the adherence benefits of Propeller linked since the time that patients stay in that good controlled state. It's beginning recruiting now and I believe it's supposed to run through the end of 2021. So it will take quite a while before it meets it’s – the end of that time period. But the important thing is a lot of the data that's been out now has been done in the asthma setting. Obviously, that's an important area and we want to take care of those patients. But the COPD strategy is very important to us because of the way it connects with our overall respiratory care strategy. So having someone like Novartis sponsor a study, looking at Propeller benefits to a COPD patient population, we think is a real important milestone and we'll look for good benefits to come out of that study in the future, but it will be a few years.
David Pendarvis: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Yes, there is a lot of efforts under way in the U.S. Congress right now to try to provide relief, particularly the one you mentioned which is try to extend the relief that was given that was that sort of 50-50 blend between prior reimbursement and the new system reimbursement into those rural areas. We certainly support that legislation. We think it’s important that our customers who are operating particularly in extended areas where they’ve got to drive many miles to patients’ homes need to have reimbursement that reflects the operating cost that they’ve got and we would certainly hope that the champions that there in Congress will carry the day. Now as your question implies, there is a lot going on in the U.S. Congress these days. It’s very difficult to predict whether something like that will ultimately pass or whether CMS could respond on their own and provide that kind of relief. If it doesn’t, I think as I said before when talking about competitive bidding, we’ll obviously work with our customers to do what we can to support them. We think the remote capabilities of our devices are ideal for providing care to remote setting. You could do things like change some of the settings on a CPAP, you can certainly interrogate the CPAP for information about the quality of the therapy that has been provided, all without having to drive to someone’s home. So we think that those systems helping customers whether they are in rural areas or not to deploy them is probably the best thing we can do to help in that kind of a setting. But we’ll continue to support that legislation and other efforts with CMS to try to make sure that the Medicare policies and reimbursement is as favorable as it can be for the ultimate benefit of Medicare beneficiaries.
David Pendarvis: Sure. Yes, thanks Anthony. I mentioned a little bit earlier that ResMed along with other industry participants put a lot of energy and resources behind trying to educate the market participants who are going to be bidding about various factors including lead item pricing and we developed a calculator that was put out. There were some stats that were just discussed in the Medtrade meeting just earlier this week in Atlanta that there were over 17,000 downloads of that calculator. And that’s just simply the one that was available to the participants here. CMS had their own calculator that folks downloaded. From the conversations that I’ve had, my understanding is that most DMEs have a pretty good understanding of lead item pricing and how it works. And hopefully they’ve avail themselves of the tools to be able to model out scenarios based on their own business and their own volume of products in different categories so that they can bid intelligently and in a way that’s going to ultimately derive a fair and reasonable reimbursement. So I’m confident that we got that message out that it was received. Obviously, we don’t know how people bid and we’ll work with customers as best we can to try to implement things when the day comes. But we are confident that we did what we could to try to educate.
