Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah, I'll take that, Mick. Thanks. Yeah, Ian, that's right, we have guided that down a little in SG&A. As Mick mentioned, we've been focused on the operating leverage throughout the group and we do think we can achieve that through fiscal year 2016. So with some of the plans we have, we do believe that we can bring that down a little and provide some operating leverage there. So on the SG&A front, we feel confident we should bring that guidance down where we see some improvements we're planning throughout the year. On the effective tax rate, it moves around a bit with geographic mix. If you look at last year's sort of full-year underlying tax rate, it was sort of around that 19.5% level. So it's kind of in that range. So we just brought that down a tad just based on where we see the forecast going out.
Brett A. Sandercock: We did widen that a little bit, Ian, really because there's, if you look at it over the last year or so, quite a bit of volatility on exchange rates. For example, you're seeing the Aussie come down something like 7%, 8%, which is quite significant. Now I'm not suggesting that that's going to happen again this year, but, as you know, anything is possible. And we're also seeing some pretty significant movements or some big outperformance on flow generators, particularly in the U.S. So I suppose as a caveat, there's always quite a bit of volatility around the gross margin. It's probably the hardest number to predict. So we widened that out a little bit. I think as we get through the course of the fiscal year, we can probably get some more confidence on sort of the band or how wide that is. But at this stage early in the fiscal, we've left it as is. But I have said there that certainly on the things such as freight, where we are normalizing that now, certainly doing a lot less air freight as we have the inventories at levels that we think are appropriate. That's certainly going to help us into Q2. And, as you know, the Aussie dollar has depreciated more recently. There's about a quarter's lag on that, so we don't really see that benefit until Q2. But that benefit will be meaningful as well going into Q2. I guess some of the headwinds we're facing are kind of abating a little bit, and so we should be able to see some improvements throughout fiscal year 2016.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah, Margaret, the programs are in place in a number of initiatives that the team is working on for sure and have got back to that in earnest. We're sort of over that hump of making sure we matched our supply with demand, so we're through all that and we're working through. Typically, what we do with the new platforms is then drive a pretty solid cost-out program on that new platform. So we're now in the throes of doing that. You probably – maybe a little bit but really, I think more of that will flow through over the course of 2016. And it will be, as I said earlier, it will be more progressive throughout the year, I think.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah, I mean, the sequential impact there if – and I'm going to caveat this because the exchange rate is moving around all the time – but if you looked at it on the current exchange rate, it's – probably the sequential benefit of the weaker Aussie – it's in the order of 50 basis points, give or take. It's that sort of quantum.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah. I mean, it's not – we're not giving a lot of granularity around ASP, obviously, from a competitive perspective and so on. But as Mick and Jim mentioned earlier, we've kind of let through – some of those more kind of acute adjustments we were facing on pricing, we're through that now, so it's very much more of a kind of a typical or historical type marketplace in terms of pricing. So there's still, year-on-year, still an element of declines in selling prices and so on, but they're certainly, in today's environment, much less acute than what we were facing back 12 months ago, for example. So let me say it's kind of a more of a kind of historical normal state of play.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks for the question, Matt. Yeah, that allows us to talk about the mask business in total. I mean, what we've seen over the last three quarters is clearly some good growth turnaround and success in masks. It's not driven by brand new products; it's more driven by us focusing on partnering with our customers around understanding resupply. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we've invested a lot these last 12 months in getting well over 1 million bedside tables with 100% cloud-connected devices that now enable us to have information on patients. And we're able to take those data to the cloud and contact patients and encourage them and drive patient adherence and work with our HME providers in the U.S. and with our other partners in other countries around the world to give patients appropriate access to masks and accessories as they need them over the time of their therapy. And I think you're just seeing the very start of the roadmap of us working on those informatics systems and leveraging them to drive mask and accessories resupply, but I think that's been a factor in the equation. As you said, the comp was not incredibly difficult. And so having 9% growth in the Americas over the comp is somewhat a result of that comp. But I think it's more due to the fact that we're focused on resupply, we're partnering with our customers on it and we're really establishing tools and capabilities that are automated, scalable and replicable. And so that gives us a long runway throughout the fiscal year to be able to drive resupply in masks and accessories.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, I'll hand the first part of the question to Jim Hollingshead, who's probably closer to the business and any metrics we're looking at from the resupply, but we may or may not want to release that.
Michael J. Farrell: Sean, I don't think we're going to release a new metric on this earnings call. I mean, the bottom line is, as we said in May, less than 7% of our global business is in the ASV side of the business, and it's obviously reduced from that over these last sort of 150 days. The growth that we saw – pretty phenomenal growth of 39% in the Americas, flow generators, and on a constant currency basis, 5% growth of flow generators in EMEA and APAC combined – was driven really by the new launch of the AirSense 10 and the AirCurve 10 and the Astral. And so those have been driving the growth. Europe clearly had a bit of a headwind due to the contraindication for heart failure patients with a reduced ejection fraction and predominant central sleep apnea, where we issued that contraindication. But as I also said in the prepared remarks, we really have not seen any impact on ASV beyond that in the other market segments, if you like, that we sell the product in. So it's been pretty steady in that. But, Sean, yeah, I don't want to start breaking out ASV and non-ASV mask growth for competitive reasons, and also just for the fact of – we've got quite a lot of runway left on those product launches, and I want to just look at the macro numbers as they come out.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. So, Sean, yeah, you're referring to, I think, the January through June 2014 price changes, which have now lapped because we passed – we lapped the June 2015 timeframe. So we are now fully lapped on those ASP reductions and we're back to sort of steady, as we said, pretty steady mask pricing. And we're seeing often our competitors out there competing on value of what the masks can achieve in terms of patient fit, quiet, comfort, first time fit and patient acceptance.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Look, the U.S. market particularly is evolving from a fee-for-service market to really a value-driven or a fee-for-value driven market as a whole. And you're seeing more models like the Kaiser Permanente model, the Intermountain Healthcare model, the Geisinger model start to come into play. And the government is trying to replicate those really solid private company payer provider models with its accountable-care organization or ACO models and its IDN models. And we are very good partners with Kaiser, with Intermountain Health, and with Geisinger. But also with the governments of the United Kingdom, the governments of Sweden, the governments of Norway, the governments of Finland, where a payer provider model has been in place for many decades. Since World War II, almost all of Western Europe adopted socialized medicine systems, public health care. And we've been working for the last 25 years with systems of fee-for-value or providing value models. And so we're very used to that type of environment. So the U.S. is undergoing an evolution. Are we a part of that evolution? And I think the informatics capability that we have, the ability to take data to the cloud and share it with patients to drive adherence is amazing, to take costs out of the system for the providers is very valuable. But the data to do population health management for a payer or a payer-provider is an opportunity through our data exchanges that we are really just starting to extrapolate. So I think your question is probably a little bit ahead of the curve as to where the value is, but we are working with systems in this new payer-provider, fee-for-value model. And we're actually really excited about that transition because our market shares are incredibly strong across Western Europe and we think we can do that in all the payer-provider models that are out there.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks, Victor. Well, that was a great way to get three questions in one, so I'll try to address all of that, Vic. Yeah. The first part of your question was about the ASV impact being more in Europe and less in Americas and Asia. And I think part of the genesis of your question or the core of the question, kernel of the question was, is it just that the communication is taking time to get from Europe to Asia or Europe to the Americas, and the answer to that is an emphatic no. We have, in all the 100 countries we do business in, been incredibly proactive in working with the physician groups, directly writing letters to physician groups and to physicians, working with our providers to contact all physicians and let everybody know about the field safety notice, and that was in the month of May, so north of five months ago now. And so that information has been available not only at all the international societies, but in national societies, in all the countries we do business in, and particularly the major ones. So, really, it's not a result of – the fact that there's been less impact in Asia and Americas is not a result that the communication hasn't gone out there. It's a result of the fact that there was, frankly, less heart failure referrals into our ASV business in those countries. Particularly if you look at the U.S., it was primarily at our business year in the U.S. that was driven by complex sleep apnea or treatment-emergent central sleep apnea driven by opioid-induced central sleep apnea and driven by PTSD, where ASV was used in those applications. And so, there was just less of the business that was coming from cardiology referrals, and so that just wasn't impacted. Within Japan – you mentioned Japan specifically – the use of ASV in Japan is focused on an acute basis in the hospital. And these data were based on longitudinal data in the home with no data at all about acute effect, and there have been some studies with mutual outcomes on safety but some positive outcomes on some heart failure indicator results, such as ejection fraction and others. And so, the use in Japan has sort of continued on an acute basis because it's a different application. And I don't think that will be affected by SERVE-HF and their ongoing work with Japanese researchers in the field to keep proving their safety but also the efficacy of the product in that area. The next part of your question was Curative. Is Curative going to materially offset some of this ASV decline that we're seeing in different parts of the world. I'll hand to Rob. Rob is leading the charge on the Curative integration.
Michael J. Farrell: And the third part of your question, Vic, was to do with HFpEF, heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and our CAT-HF study. The CAT-HF study is really a pilot study now. We've closed off enrollment and we're going to follow through on all the patients and collect the data from that and likely publish those data as a pilot trial for heart failure with preserved ejection fraction work that we may do in the future. I think between atrial fibrillation, to some extent coronary artery disease in a number of markets, and heart failure with preserved ejection fraction may remain exciting, cardio-respiratory conditions that we are looking at. Given what happened in there, we're unlikely to do a five-year $50 million study in each of these three areas. What we're likely to do is partner with payer providers like those I mentioned earlier or governments or small payer-provider groups to run pilot trials to show improved outcomes and improved reduction in hospitalizations on a commercialized basis. So you run pilots that you get commercially paid for that can produce clinical data that may or may not get published but allows you to expand the model. And that's sort of where we're thinking for those three areas. So that includes HFpEF, AF and CAD.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, there is, Vic, some indication of that. There was a study published called SAVIOR that was run out of Japan that showed a neutral safety signal but some positive data on the clinical aspects, such as ejection fraction, fluid in the lungs and length of stay in hospital. And so there's some clinical publications in that area on acute HF. You'll likely see more coming out from the Japanese researchers on that front over time.
Michael J. Farrell: Well, Vic, you're jumping to five questions here now, but I'll answer it and then we'll move on. The masks growth that we saw in the U.S. of 9% this quarter was clearly very solid. Look, the market is growing in the sort of mid-single digits range. We look to meet or beat that. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we're planning for positive mask and accessories growth throughout the year and we're excited and looking forward to that. Thanks a lot for your questions, Vic.
Michael J. Farrell: Thanks, Margaret. Yeah, clearly, we have seen launch from one of our competitors. The other one you mentioned hasn't launched an HCIT product yet or a cloud-connected sleep apnea product yet and we don't expect in the short term. I'm going to start out by saying it's a huge compliment I think to our innovation and our leadership in the field that our competitors are talking about and starting to follow us into cloud-connected sleep apnea devices. We think it's (47:44-48:07) right way to go, we think that the value we extracted, like I talked about, we can improve outcomes and lower costs for the channel and take out waste and inefficiency and get patients more on therapy and follow up with them more to provide appropriate mask and accessories. So I just think as an industry, it's a really good thing that we're all moving to compete on value and drive healthcare informatics-driven sleep apnea solutions. Look, clearly maintaining a 39% Americas growth in flow generators in a market where, as I said, it's growing at mid-single digits, it's unrealistic to stay at those types of levels and I don't think you or any of the other sell-side analysts, Margaret, have numbers at that exact 39% sort of rate. But clearly our goal is to not only lock in the share that we already got, but to continue to meet or beat market growth rates, which means by taking share. So that really comes down to is our value proposition better than the competition. And from what we've seen of the first competitor to launch their cloud-connected devices is that, frankly, they're not 100% cloud connected. It's got three SKUs of widgets that you need to plug in with three different connectivity modules, which is SKUs for the HMEs to manage. It's not 100% cloud-connected out of the gate in that the DME or the HME or the patient has to take some action to provide the connectivity to the cloud. So we think while it's following us in the strategic direction, some of the tactical implementations are not as good as ours. And, really importantly, even when you are connected, it comes down to then competition of whose cloud is better. And I think our healthcare informatics capability on Air Solutions is clearly the leader now. And we intend to maintain that leadership by regular updates, regular value that we provide to both patients, to providers, to physicians and to payers. So we're really excited about the new basis of competition of the industry. It's changed from being just smaller, quieter, more comfortable to smaller, quieter, more comfortable and more connected and then better connected. So we look forward to that, Margaret.
Michael J. Farrell: Good question, Andrew. Clearly, this is a public conference call. So if we have strategies, tactics, and plans to compete with a very clearly known 12-month anticipated product launch, it's not something we'd go through on the earnings call here. But look, the bottom line is, of course, we're ready for competition in this space. As I sort of talked to on the response to Margaret earlier, we're quite complimented and excited about the fact that the new base of the competition is healthcare informatics and how good your cloud is. And we're really excited about how strong Air Solutions is, and the value that we provide. How well we have done, frankly, the last 12 months of getting north of a million devices out there, connected to the cloud and providing value to those customers. And we know that they've seen the value. Of course they're going to try and sample a new product out there. And we do think that the share we've gained will be something that we build upon because of the value that we're providing. But it's a competitive game and we look forward to it and we're ready for it.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, David. Absolutely willing and happy to say that we are the market share leader. I don't want to go – we're in 100 countries, and I don't want to go into individual countries or individual market shares within any of those individual countries. But as you've seen these really, really strong high double-digit growth numbers over these last four quarters in flow generators and look at the number of devices that we've sold and the market share and your assessment of the market. I think you'd be pretty confident, and pretty much every sell-side analyst out there would be pretty confident that we're the market share leader in not only flow generators, but also in masks globally. But we don't sort of want to go into the details of it, David, for competitive reasons. Look, the main thing about market leadership is not just the market share leadership but the fact that you're innovating better and driving value. And I think one of the core parts of this is providing value for the end users in this whole system, who are the patients. We provide the smallest, quietest, most comfortable, and most connected care altogether to patients, and I think that's what's really driving our growth and leadership. And frankly, it's a challenge for us and anyone else playing in the field to continue to do that. And that's what the game is going to be going forward, providing that long term value to patients.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Thanks, David. Replenishment is a really important part of sleep apnea care because the masks do degrade over time and become more leaky. And to have a patient on sleep apnea care – for a payer who is following it properly, a payer provider who is following it properly, the investment of $100-odd on a mask every six months to keep a patient out of hospital where a visit to a hospital can cost $2,000 to $3,000 to $5,000 just walking in the door and spending one day there. The return on investment for our payer providers who are really following this model closely amongst their sleep apnea patients, their COPD patients, their neuromuscular disease patients, their (1:01:08) patients, the ROI is a no-brainer when you've got the data. I think our informatics solutions are allowing us to have the data to provide the payer-providers and show that ROI. And so, I think you are transitioning from sort of a world of utilization management, where people just think of unit costs in a fee-for-service world, to a world of care management where people are thinking about holistic costs to the patient and what it costs to not provide the diabetes supplies or to not provide the hypertensive meds or to not provide the sleep apnea mask. And it's saying, I'm going to cut back on diabetes supplies to save myself money when then the diabetic is back in the hospital or to cut back on the number of masks and, therefore, have the sleep apnea patients show up at the hospital is sort of a 1980s way of looking at things in the utilization management front. So I think we are seeing that transition and I think that the payers are really moving to that world of ACOs and payer-providers and looking to mimic the model of those successful payer-providers. But it's a transition world and we are playing in both the fee-for-service world and in the care management world and balancing between the two very carefully.
Michael J. Farrell: Well, thanks a lot, Melissa. And thanks for all the good questions. In closing, I want to thank the more than 4,000 strong ResMed team from around the world for their continued commitment to changing the lives of literally millions of patients with every breath. I'm very proud of what this team has accomplished in creating the market-leading innovation in connected care and healthcare informatics solutions in our medical devices. And we remain focused on our long-term goal of changing 20 million patient lives by 2020. Thanks a lot and we'll talk to you all in 90 days.
James Hollingshead - President-Americas: I don't think we'd want to talk about metrics that we put on the resupply business. I think what I'd add to Mick's comments about the Americas market, in particular on masks, is that we've been talking for several months about the pricing strategy we made a while ago. And those pricing changes have now annualized, so one of the things that allowed us to show a better revenue growth number this quarter was the pricing has really stabilized for us. We're the mask market leader both in the Americas and globally. In particular, our Air Fit range is very well positioned. And so we continue to enjoy good volume growth just in the mask business with patients getting – new patients getting masks. And then, with the efforts we made in automating resupply and driving resupply, we've enjoyed the growth on the back end of that, but I don't think we want to get into sort of ratios and metrics on that at this point.
James Hollingshead - President-Americas: Yeah, I think that's spot on. I think the difference you see in the numbers is we've, on a longstanding basis, been the mask market leader. But with the AirSense 10 and AirCurve 10, we've taken significant market share over the last several months since the launch of both of those product lines. And that's due both to the fact that those product platforms, just as products, as flow generators, are outstanding products. But really it's about, as Mick has just said and said in his opening comments, it's about the all-in solutions offer, the Air Solutions platform is driving significant revenue growth in business efficiencies for our customers, and they're recognizing that. And as they continue to recognize that and adopt the overall Air Solutions platform, they're of necessity buying more of our flow generators to enjoy those benefits. So really there's not a separate growth number behind those two product categories. The underlying market growth is the same, we're just taking more share in flow gen.
James Hollingshead - President-Americas: Yeah, I think it's a really good question, Andrew. We feel very confident that we have a superior offer. We're getting what you might term a lot of customer loyalty off of the offer because of the value that it's driving. The device is a better device. It's simpler to use. It's simpler to set up. It has a very elegant and reliable cloud connection built into it, so it's not complex to get a connection to the cloud; and then our software offerings are the only offerings on the market that are proven to increase compliance and therefore increase revenue and to lower costs. And so we feel very confident. As Mick said, it's actually good for the market for the basis of competition in sleep apnea to shift towards health informatics because it provides end-to-end care for patients. It will provide better bang for the buck for the entire healthcare system. And it puts us in a very good position because we've enjoyed more than a year long lead in that now, and we'll continue to press that lead, so we feel very confident.
Robert A. Douglas: Yeah, Matt. Globally, the masks are performing well. The AirFit range is a very strong mask range, and we are very competitive with those masks. Our teams work hard with our customers and they've got strong relationships around the world. And we're confident those masks are going to keep performing strongly.
Robert A. Douglas: Sure. So, Vic, the Curative acquisition was part of our Three Horizons Strategy, specifically in the second horizon. Talking about positioning ourselves to grow in these markets that look like they're going to be very high growth markets, we only completed the acquisition at the beginning of October, so we're about three weeks into it at the moment. I could say it's going very well at the moment. We're just at the CMEF, China Medical Equipment, today. It's a huge medical equipment fair in China. And we had – showing off our strategy as strategically aligned but operationally independent, we had ResMed and Curative side by side in booths but strongly showing their respective brands, and we're seeing reaction in that market to the two brands that's appropriate for what we look like. So at this stage, we're very confident that that program is going to go well.
Robert A. Douglas: Yeah. So, obviously, Andrew, you know we've made some acquisitions in Australia last year, which were a bit of a change in our market model, and that's going very well for us. And then obviously the Curative that we talked about. But sort of on a case-by-case basis, our strategy is we will continue to invest locally for the local market development as appropriate, and we've got very strong teams around there. And then we're sort of challenging that with trying to get efficiency with common core processes that let us leverage really the key product range through there.
Andrew Goodsall: Thanks very much, guys. I was just going to talk to the SG&A. Obviously, up 11% constant currency, and you mentioned some investment in, I guess, emerging markets. Just trying to get a sense of that investment, whether there's much or so in your established markets like EU, and I guess the sort of payback period you're looking for with that investment, I guess, to grow those markets.
Andrew Goodsall: Terrific. And I guess just a quick follow-up. I know it's been a bit of mention around your competitor's entry to the market. I guess we're expecting that to take place at Medtrade this coming week. Just trying to understand if you've got particular strategies or variations that you bring to the market, I guess, just as a response or to coincide with those events.
Andrew Goodsall: I know it's adding to the question, probably wasn't phrased particularly well. But I guess the feedback we're getting with the cloud is quite a sticky proposition in a way it wasn't in the past. The flow generator, I guess, just sort of seeing how much you think that gives you a bit of a stronger defense than what you might have had in the past.
