Mick Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question, John. And, yes, look, it's really exciting to be able to provide $300 million to $350 million in incremental revenue for our shareholders, but devices for much needed patients out there over the coming fiscal year. And we actually we hope to get better than that as we look for more parts and pieces and components. That's our current forecast. Look, just breaking down the device numbers for the quarter, really strong device numbers for the U.S., at plus 30%. That was off the comp. If you remember this time a year-ago where sleep devices were way down and ventilators were picking up in the U.S., I think it was around plus 1% the comp, and so huge turnaround there plus 30% in this last quarter. And then in EMEA, Asia and rest of world this time last year, we had plus 35% growth because we had really strong ventilator sales, particularly to some Asia Pacific regions in their COVID crisis. And so that combo plus 35% was being analyzed, and we saw a minus 6% for EMEA, Asia and rest of world. So it's a combination, John of multiple factors of COVID for both those sort of regions, U.S., Canada, Latin America, plus 30% versus EMEA, Asia and rest of world lapping a plus 30% at their minus 6%. So as we project for the $300 million to $350 million, I think that's probably the most guidance we've ever given around an opportunity like this. I'm not going to split that by region, or by type or by area. But I can tell you, its supply chain constrained, not demand constrained. And everyone in all the 140 countries wants ResMed products. And everyone we make we sell and we are doing everything we can to drive more and more elements in our supply chain, wherever that bottleneck is in supply, whatever that part or pieces. I personally as the CEO, I'm calling up that supplier and talking to their CEO and saying, look, this component can go into a cell phone or a car, or it can go into a medical device that literally gives someone the gift of breathe. Please prioritize our part of the supply chain, and it's been working those last 7 weeks. We've been able to match $300 million to $350 million in additional revenue. And our goal is to continue every week, every month to do better and better on that.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Dan, it's a good question. And I don't want to get into a sort of breakdown every 90 days approach on it. But what I can say in terms of color, Dan, for your modeling is that, we found out about this 7.5 weeks ago, and we've been working like crazy these last 2 months on the supply chain. And it's easy to open up supply 3 months out, 6 months out, 9 months out. So a lot of the additional flow of parts and pieces is back end loaded in the fiscal year. And so, much less supply chain constrained in the March quarter, and the June quarter of this fiscal year '22 we're in. And it's going to be tough out here. We're already in the September quarter, and we're hand to mouth. But look, we're not stockpiling. We're not putting stuff in inventory. We are pushing stuff through plants. Our plants aren't at full capacity, so we have capacity. It's really around components and parts and pieces that are the bottlenecks. And so, if you think about that color, it sort of gives you guidance to know that Q3 and Q4 will be a lot less constrained than Q1 and Q2. Q2 should be slightly better than Q1 and Q3 should be significantly better than Q2, and Q4 should be significantly better than Q2 and Q1 as well.
Mick Farrell: Yes, David, that's a good clarification. So the $300 million to $350 million is incremental devices, including Astral, Stellar, AirCurve, Lumis as well as AirSense 10 and AirSense 11. So it's all physical product devices. It does not include any potential upside in masks that you can get while selling great flow generated capabilities. And so it doesn't include incremental sales of those. It's focused on the device side, but both ventilation and sleep apnea devices are included in that number.
Mick Farrell: Yes, I see where you're going with the question. It's sort of trying to get to the understanding of how much incremental mask share we might get when they're on a ResMed device. Look, as you know, it's an open system. And there's no requirement that a ResMed device has a ResMed mask. They are designed by the same engineers and the same building out there in Sydney, in the manufacturing -- advanced manufacturing site across the road. So they design to work together very well and they are better together. So there is a better uptake of ResMed masks with ResMed devices. And certainly, it's going through a channel where there's a sales person who's providing both of them. And so there's some opportunities on both the sort of clinical and technical side as well as the commercial and execution side for some incremental growth. I won't quantify that for you. But I do think there is some upside.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Sean, two very good questions and very much related. Yes, I think there is some overlap of some of the parts and pieces between the AirSense 10 and the AirSense 11 platform. It's 7 years newer in the market. And so there's a lot of upgraded electronic, mechanical, plastic and digital health technology in the device. And so there's a lot of new components as well. And there is demand from our competitor out there trying to cover their recall amount as well as catch up with the patients that need urgent replacements. We're not seeing as much of the latter, though. We have a supply chain that have some overlaps with some of our competitors, but actually very individually designed. And as we work through the supply chains, the whole medical device industry is a very small percentage point of the suppliers total capacity, which is great for us in that. We're not fighting for limited share versus a competitor, we're really fighting for share versus a large consumer phone company or automobile company and the suppliers, like medical devices, because firstly, we're relatively recession resistant. We don't suddenly stop our sales during the recession, as some people do in consumer purchases and automotive, and we're usually high margin for them. So -- and more sustainable growth in terms of what we're doing for our platforms. The AirSense 10 has been in the market for 7 years. And so these are long-term sustainable for them. So our arguments are very good with the supply chain. And that's why in the last 7 weeks, we've been able to identify that extra $300 million to $350 million in opportunity. But there is some commonality between our devices. And we will make those trade-offs and that's why we will provide both AirSense 10 and AirSense 11. But the AirSense 11 is a huge leap forward to the industry and our goal will be country-by-country to roll that out. But, yes, for the next 6, 12 months, there's going to be a lot of selling both the fantastic AirSense 10 and the amazing AirSense 11 in parallel in countries around the world.
Mick Farrell: Chris, that's a good question. I'll hand to Brett to talk a little bit around the costs and how we're taking care of those. And Rob, if he wants to chime in as well. Look, this is an unprecedented time. Before our competitor made this announcement, 7 weeks ago, there was already constraints in the market around some of the components. And certainly because of nobody travelling really internationally, consumer travel was down so much and all the freight in the back of those consumer jets was gone. The costs were higher. And look, we talked about this 90 days ago on our last earnings call, and you saw it in the COGS numbers for this June quarter. And that's going to be with us for a while. I mean, these, these costs aren't going away. It is more costly to get freight than it was because there's much less planes available. And it is -- with scarce components, although we have very long-term contracts, prices are being impacted by that. At the same time, we're in an environment where we have customers with contracts with payers, and the consumer side of our business, there might be some opportunity to work with the supply chain to think about how to get some of those costs through the channel. But certainly in the reimburse side of the market, it's about and you've got to think really long-term about on the other side of this crisis, how we and our customers going to engage in our long-term interactions. And so it's a complex equation. And -- but, Brett, do you want to talk a little bit to what we're doing to negotiate to achieve the best prices that we can get and to manage our gross margin there and the COGS there. And, maybe Jim talked to how we're working with customers on long-term pricing. So Brett, and then Jim.
Mick Farrell: Jim, I'll hand that question to you. It's a follow up really to your response to the previous question. Yes, that’s a terrific question. And we're actually in many way -- in many cases working through those contract negotiations in real time, I think that we have pretty good clarity with most of our customers that this is an unusual set of circumstances. And so we have a number of customers. And this varies a lot by geography, for everybody to understand. But we have we do have a number of customers who have, need volume based or rebate -- volume based rebates or pricing levels. And this is an unusual set of circumstances that drive more volume into those accounts. And so those are contracts we're working through in real time, but they're not uncapped discounts. And we're managing those conversations, I think very carefully. This is in a way, the flip side of the previous question where because we have relationships with customers who understand the dynamic of what's going on, we're able to negotiate pretty, pretty good price stability. So there's no risk for us of runaway in a sort of runaway discounts and rebates. And on the other hand, we're, working to create a kind of a stable pricing environment for our customers as well.
Mick Farrell: Yes, David, there was some confusion after the June 14 announcement, but I think many of the regulatory authorities and many of the clinician groups came out pretty quickly to say, let's talk to you doctor and work out a risk pathway between now and when you get that replacement device from that competitor. And also, for new patients, the doctors and certainly all of us in the industry we're very focused on the safe and effective therapies from ResMed and other players in the market. And so I think that that messaging was actually pretty quickly put out there by those physician societies and relevant health authorities after somewhat confusing announcements, right on that June 14 from our competitor. And so long-term, there's been some impacts that are quite beneficial in patients making that trade off. And certainly for us, you saw plus 5% growth in masks in the quarter for the U.S., you saw plus 24% growth in Europe, over a COVID [indiscernible] there, but very, very solid growth in our mask business. As you said, there's a bunch of factors, David, that this time last year, we had all the ventilation Mark sales, because it in the U.S which was, you know, a confident we were was like a headwind. And the other headwind, we had was the annualization of the snap acquisition, which we did just before COVID, we closed it just in that sort of February through June period. And then, there's some balancing of inventory and cash flow due to the competitive recall all going on at once. And so a lot of competing dynamics, but as you saw, it's a resilient business. When people getting great sleep apnea therapy, they love feeling better, sleeping well and waking up refreshed, and they want to get a new mask every three or six months. And they're doing it at increasing rates due to COVID, that step change has remained. And we're confident, we look through the fiscal year that we're going to see, mid single-digit up to high single-digit growth. In our mask business and it's all about us engaging with those, those patients getting new patients on board. As we talked about some incremental revenue opportunities, they're on the devices, maybe some of the masks, and then we get back to where we were before, right. And we go back to engaging patients, ensuring they stay on therapy, and they have really quick and easy access to resupply, if they want it and when they want it, and when it's covered by insurance and co pays and everything.
Mick Farrell: Yes, thanks, Rob and thanks to all of you for sticking around a little long. Clearly some unique circumstances in this perfect storm. Thanks again to all of our shareholders for joining us on the call today. I'd like to once again take the opportunity to thank 8,000 ResMedians, many of whom are also shareholders for their dedication and hard work helping people breathe better, sleep better, and live better lives outside the hospital in 140 countries worldwide. Thanks for all that you do today, and every day, and thanks especially to our ResMed heroes on the front lines during this global private crisis, including patient care provider support and hospitals, production, global supply chain management, distribution, and tech service. Once again, thank you. And I'd like to thank all of you, our shareholders for joining us here and we'll see you in 90 days. Thank you very much. Great. Thanks, Mick and thank you again for joining us today. We do appreciate your interest and your time. If you have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out directly. This does conclude our call. Rob, you may now close it up.
