Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Cheryl. Hello, everyone, and welcome to ResMed's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Call. Thanks for joining us. As Cheryl said, this webcast -- this call is being webcast live and the replay along with a copy of the earnings press release and the quarterly results presentation will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today. On the call today to discuss our quarterly results are our CEO Mick Farrell and CFO Brett Sandercock. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion following our prepared remarks. During today's call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, please review the notes to today's earnings release and earnings presentation. As a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions; however, our actual results may differ. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mick. 
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Brett. Let's now turn to the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Cheryl, let's go ahead and start the Q&A. 
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Mick. Thank you all again for joining us today. If you do have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to Investor Relations or to me directly. As previously mentioned, all of the documents, along with the transcript and a replay of our call today will be available on our website later. Cheryl, you may now go ahead and close our call. 
Michael Farrell: So Chris, the private payers were already ahead of CMS on this and had been sort of on a mark-to-market basis doing things at their own rates before competitive bidding started back in the mid-2000s during and after. And so I don't think it's a risk. It's a guarantee that private payers are looking for market rates. I think what's great about this one because it's so public versus those sort of private negotiations that happen is that we've seen a public statement of an equilibrium reached between the bids that came in and the fair price that is appropriate for the provision of these services in the statement. So that's something that's new as part of it. But look, it's a complex web. We sell in 140 countries worldwide, not just one. We watch CMS, but we also watch the rest of the world, and we want to make sure that reimbursement rates are there for our channel, but really importantly, that we get to the 936 million people worldwide who suffer from sleep apnea. 
Michael Farrell: Yes. Thanks, Sean. I'll start, and I'll hand over to Brett for some more detail. Yes, look, excellent control. Obviously, travel costs are incredibly down. We have 75%, 80% of all the ResMedians worldwide selling in 140 countries working from home. And we've had a really smooth transition to 4,000, 5,000 people working from home and feeling comfortable doing so. And we are opening up our offices as appropriate in Europe, Asia and the Americas as cities, states and so on allow us to. Look, when we get to the other side of this pandemic, and that's a long time potentially with a vaccine and treatments that are efficacious, I do see some of those costs starting to go back up again, but they will be also concomitant with opening of health care systems that will be associated with the opening up of those economies. And so I think we've done a really good job in bringing expenses down on SG&A, 7% reduction year-on-year for the quarter to $159 million for the September quarter. But if you look closely, we also increased our R&D spend. We increased by 12%, constant currency, our R&D spend. And that's $54.5 million for the quarter. You annualize that, that's a really good $200-plus million that we're going to put into digital health technology, artificial intelligence, machine learning, improvements in smaller, quiet and more comfortable, more connected and more intelligent systems that can keep people breathing out of hospital and well taken care of. And so we are going to continue the investments in R&D and drive those through this crisis, and we are going to take the savings on SG&A now and be ready to reinvest in marketing and sales and growth in that SG&A as appropriate when the revenues start to come back. I hope that all makes sense, Sean. It's not just a one portfolio play, it's all part of a larger piece. 
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Gretel. It's a great question as we sort of model the kinetics of the recovery across our 140 countries. And as we look at it, and we -- obviously, I look at daily numbers, not just month-to-month and beyond, but there's a lot of sort of noise when you go down to a lower level of distraction.  You pull back and you look at sort of that quarter-on-quarter trend, what we're seeing is sequential growth across the group. And let's look at some -- look at 3 big countries. And I think I talked about this 90 days ago, Gretel, but Germany is sort of, I would say, our leading country in terms of how they're opening up their economy.  We are seeing at 85%, 90-plus percent of the pre-COVID patient flow and in some parts, 90% to 95% of the pre-COVID patient flow. It's through telehealth, it's through digital medicine, it's also through some in-person visits and in-lab tests. And so we're really at a very high point of recovery.  And even with Angela Merkel closing restaurants and bars here in November, we do expect health systems to remain fully open during not just November, but on an ongoing basis because people need to get their primary care, people need to get their respiratory care. If they're suffocating, they need treatment for their sleep apnea. If they have trouble breathing, they need help for their COPD. And so we're seeing that in a really good case in Germany. If you take China, another big market we talked about last quarter, sort of at the 50% of pre-COVID levels. This quarter, China is now already at 70% of pre-COVID patient flow across a very large country, but that portfolio of different cities and states is now at 70% of pre-COVID, so a significant improvement from last quarter. And here in the United States, it's really a story of 50 different states and their approaches, but they vary from 60% to 80% if you think about it of the pre-COVID patient flow. And so on average of around 70% here in our biggest market in the United States. So you take that all and you see, yes, there is pretty strong sequential improvement. It's not a dramatic sort of V shape we're back to January 1 or December 31, 2019. But the -- every week, it does get better. Every month, it does get better across the portfolio of countries. Even with the second and third waves of Northern Hemisphere, with the coming flu period, we expect to see sequential improvement in the flow of sleep apnea, COPD and asthma patients into our system. 
Michael Farrell: The one bit of color I'll add on there, just to tag onto what Jim said, Margaret, is Germany, where there was actually quite a strong resistance from some sleep physicians to adopt home sleep apnea testing. They were skeptical of the efficacy, the practicality and could they really make it work. And because of the shutdowns were very strong in Germany during the peak of the crisis in March, April, it was the only way they could diagnose. The doctors then got used to it. And to Jim's point, I think on the other side of this, France will move up a little bit, but Germany will move up significantly in the percentage of patients with home sleep apnea testing as those doctors found that it was not only -- had high sensitivity and specificity on the clinical level, but it also had good outcomes at lower costs. 
Michael Farrell: Yes, there will be some -- yes, I mean, there's constant currency adjustments, things like that, but certainly decreased, single-digit decreases. 
Michael Farrell: Lyanne, it's a great question, and it talks to how sustainable is what we're talking about earlier, Jim and I around home sleep apnea testing being adopted. In general, the costs for home sleep apnea testing are significantly below for the payer, the employer and the ultimate payer is the person who works for that company or pays the taxes in that country. So the numbers of the costs are significantly lower, often in order of magnitude lower. And so therefore, the copayments, if you're part of, say, U.S. plan like I'm, we have copayments, the copayment is proportional to the cost. And so therefore, an order of magnitude lower. So it is lower cost. And the question that physicians always had is, is it better care or at least as good care at lower cost. And I think what we saw through COVID-19, where people who hadn't adopted home sleep apnea testing as well, were forced to adopt it because it was the only way they could diagnose patients. They found well, the sensitivity and specificity from that clinical peer-reviewed article does happen in my practice, in my state, in my city. And so lower cost, as good outcomes, we saw great adoption. And I think that drives ongoing growth of it on a sustainable basis. As Jim was talking to earlier, I think countries that were x move to y, where y is above x, and we can't predict exactly what that permanent change is going to be. We just know it's going to move up because the momentum of economics and good clinical care just drive it that way. So I don't know, Jim, if you have any further color to provide on that from your last response on home sleep apnea testing. 
Michael Farrell: Yes. And this has actually been a sort of public-private partnership during COVID-19 as we all made the ventilators and partnered with the governments to do so that we have partnered on digital health, bringing -- as Jim said, bringing the emergency user authorization capability for that.  There were actually codes that CMS had for digital health that were being underutilized in 2019. They brought them out early, I believe, in 2019. And even in 2018, we're doing some trials with them, and they were actually upset at CMS that the digital health codes weren't being utilized enough.  COVID-19 drove an acceleration of that. And I think it will allow, again, the same thing as home sleep apnea testing applies to telehealth and all remote patient care, it's better during COVID times that you not go to that clinic because you won't get as exposed, not to that hospital, you won't get as exposed.  It's also better during normal times, if you can do stuff at lower cost with better outcomes and not having to go to that hospital, not having to go to that clinic, if you can do it from the comfort of your own home. And as Jim said, the consumer prefers lower cost and at their own home, and that's all of ResMed's strategies to give that health care way you want it. 
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Matthew. Good question. Propeller Health is early phase in terms of the technology. It's certainly having a huge impact in getting a major multi-hundred billion-dollar pharma companies to adopt it with their brand-new prescribable drugs, particularly in the asthma space in Europe and Japan. As to when it becomes a material part of ResMed's P&L and I'm breaking it out on a quarterly basis, it's going to be a while for that. And so it won't be in here in fiscal 2021. But as we look to our 2025 strategy over these next 5 years, I do expect that that type of digital health solution is going to be a double-digit part of ResMed's delivery, and I will be talking about it on a quarterly basis, not just through milestones of pharmaceutical company releases with lead products and brand-new not generics, but high-end prescribable products. I think that we will see this go well beyond where it started just here in asthma. It will go across COPD. And there are literally billions -- tens of billions of dollars that could be saved in keeping COPD patients out of hospital with better adherence to their drugs. Our work has shown that we can improve adherence rates by up to 58% and lower total cost of emergency visits and emergency costs by 25%. But look, it's a great question, Matthew. I'm not going to predict the exact quarter and timing, but I can tell you that over the next 20 quarters, it will become a significant part. We will be calling it out because it works. And pharmaceutical companies know how to do things at scale. And when they start to see that it improves the outcomes for their patients, that their doctors are happier and most importantly, that the patients are happier and out of hospital, lower cost, better outcomes, it's going to take off very quickly, exponentially. 
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Suraj. It's a great question. So Software as a Service, our SaaS division, is 12% of our revenues. It's a really important part of our long-term growth to apply our digital health technology capability outside the hospital and in the 7 verticals we're in where we're a market leader in the top 1 or 2 of each of those categories. Yes, as I noted in the prep remarks, Suraj, we've seen a slowdown of the flow of patients into hospitals and therefore, out of hospitals to skilled nursing facilities, in particular, as well as nursing homes and others. And we do expect that that, sort of, if you like, recovery will take some time. And that's why I sort of said that the markets that we serve as a weighted average portfolio growth will grow in those sort of mid-single digits throughout this fiscal year. We expect to meet that and beat that where we can. And then as we get to beyond the sort of 12-month time frame, I do think there's opportunities for those markets to get to the high single-digit growth. And with inorganic plays, there are opportunities to get to low double-digit growth across that portfolio. Look, we never accept market growth.  We want to meet it and beat it. One thing we are doing in that division as well as in our core sleep apnea, COPD and asthma groups is we're investing in innovation. We have great -- in the beauty of Software as a Service innovation is you're talking weeks between sprints and then getting an MVP out there to provide a solution to customers.  And so we have seen some really good innovation come into play to help people deal with COVID-19 that have helped them sort of through this crisis. And we think that when we get back to the sort of normal flow through hospitals and ASCs of patients getting discharged into the out-of-hospital post-acute network, we will start to see the centers pick up and therefore, the revenues pick up as the number of patients in that setting picks up over time.  And so yes, look, we have a leading position. We're going to do well in the mid-single digits. We'll do well in the high single digits. And over time, as we add inorganically, we can push even beyond that. 
Michael Farrell: Thanks, David. Yes, that's a 2-part question. So I'll have a go. Actually, you know, I'm going to hand the whole question to Jim Hollingshead rather than do half of it. Over to you, Jim. 
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Anthony. Yes, look, it's a complex equation, and there are so many moving pieces with second and third waves as regards to the global pandemic. So all we know about every prediction that's been made in the last 9 months is they're wrong. So we don't know precisely what the needs are going to be through the second and third waves. And last quarter, we were a bit muted about what we thought would happen this quarter and then we had $40 million worth of sales in the September quarter. But look, our best projections of the sort of epidemiology and sort of humanitarian model that we put together at the flow of COVID-19 around 140 countries that we treat in within the big countries, specifically in some cities and states that we're looking at, we don't think we're going to reach a state where there's going to be hospitalizations like we had early January, February in Wuhan, and then March -- February, March in Milan and then March, April in New York, where you reached 100% capacity and literally ran out of ventilators and ran out of ICU beds for those ventilators. Our best models show that the magnitude of the second and third waves are actually reduced in cities in China, that we've seen second and third waves, across Singapore, where we've seen them in in some parts of Europe, where we're already seeing them. And so we're just being realistic that we don't expect sort of those emergency use ventilators to be at the sort of magnitude. And you can actually see that it went from a triple-digit millions in the June quarter, down to $40 million in the September quarter. It will be significantly reduced here in the December quarter. I'm not saying it will necessarily be de minimis, but it might be. And look, our job is to focus on our core market and the coming back of that. And what we're seeing is our investments in digital health, we've made these last 5 years and how we're the market leader there, have incredibly well set us up for the growth in that. And so I think as you start to look at modeling ResMed looking at a year-on-year is going to be a very difficult and complex equation, which I'm not sure you'll ever get to the right answer until, even us until the numbers are in on it. What we can look at is Q-on-Q, quarter-on-quarter sequential sleep apnea, COPD, across those devices portfolio, across those masks portfolio, from Q1 to Q2, Q2 to Q3 and Q3 to Q4. We're going to see sequential increase in the sleep devices. We're going to see increase in the sleep and COPD masks and accessories as we go through that quarter. So complex equation, yes, down sort of in the single digits year-on-year in devices, but hugely complex equation with tailwinds and headwinds. Look at Q-on-Q, when you start to see the positive trend of what's happening as we're opening up and as economies are working out how to run digital health and home sleep apnea testing and remote COPD diagnosis and prescriptions for asthma and getting patients on to the platforms like Propeller, like AirView for ventilation, like AirSense 10 and its Air Solutions platform. And that's where we're investing, and that's where, frankly, our technology will win. 
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Cheryl, and thanks again to all of our shareholders for joining us on this call. I'd like to take the opportunity here at the end to thank the 7,500 ResMedians, many of whom, almost all of whom are shareholders as well for their dedication, hard work, helping people sleep better, breathe better and live better lives outside the hospital in 140 countries. Thanks for what you do today and every day. Thanks especially to our ResMed heroes who are going to our plants and production plants, our distribution plants, our tech services centers, and actually, because you have to touch physical product not being able to work from home. Thank you for following all safety procedures and doing that really well through this crisis. I look forward to talking to all of our shareholders here in around 90 days. Amy, I hand over to you to close out. 
Brett Sandercock: Sean, it's Brett. The only thing I'd add to add to that, it's a good summary from Mick, there's not too much more to add there. But I mean, clearly, we're not going to have negative SG&A every quarter. And we have -- I've got in the back half to kind of low double digits. And for that low double digits, mid-single digits is probably what we've consistently done. Really, our aim is we want to leverage SG&A relative to revenue growth. So that hasn't gone away, but we want to continue to do that in the medium to long term as well. 
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Thanks, Mick. I mean that's good now. I mean, Dave, you're right. I mean, obviously, year-on-year, we saw declines in sleep devices. But we saw a pretty strong sequential improvement from Q4 to Q1. And then going forward, as Mick said, we will -- we still think we'll see that sequential improvement. Now where does that end up in Q2, Q3, increase or decrease, we won't -- time will tell. But certainly, we're seeing that nice sequential increase week-to-week, month-to-month, which gives us, I think, a lot of confidence of sleep devices improving throughout FY '21. I think that's the main thing we're looking at. It's that nice strong financial increase, I think, that will give us a lot of confidence. 
Brett Sandercock: Yes, sure, Mick. I mean typically on the whole DME, they don't hold too much inventory. So I guess they've got -- they typically buy pretty regularly. I'm not sure. I mean, as volumes have come up and patient flows come back. Obviously, there's orders coming in the system to support the patient flow coming back, and we're seeing that sequentially, but I'm not sure they're really restocking like huge orders. They'll restock as the patient flow comes back in a pretty orderly fashion. And obviously, we're seeing that throughout our revenues and sequentially what's happening there. But I wouldn't say it is characterized by significant restocking orders. I think that's a bit more steady flow that we're seeing coming through it. 
Brett Sandercock: Yes, I think so because they don't like holding a lot of inventory. So they all typically do -- they can get inventory quite quickly from the manufacturers, and they'll typically operate -- obviously, they need enough inventory. And -- but I think the patient flow will drive their order patterns. 
James Hollingshead: Yes. Thanks, Mick, and thanks, Margaret. It's a great question and it's a very insightful question. We don't have perfect data on this. But the data we do have and both the concrete data we have from sort of looking at our own devices that are used and also anecdotal data from the market very strongly suggests that home sleep testing across most of our markets has become a much higher percentage of testing. And to your point, I do think that that is sustainable. I think what we're seeing is a shift in practice. Patients certainly prefer it. And I think a number of clinicians are seeing that it's an easier way for them to diagnose, and they're certainly using home sleep testing and remote testing to serve their short-term patient needs. But as it gets adopted, I think we will see that practice remain very sustainable. And so in a market like France, we are already at something like 90% home sleep testing. We don't have perfect insight, as I said, but we do think home sleep test in the U.S. market has hit a very high percentage of tests, and we think that that will stick in the future. 
James Hollingshead: I just would completely reiterate what you said. And as a reminder, if you're on a, let's say, U.S. market, if you're a consumer and you have a health plan, you have a 20% copay. If a typical lab test is $1,500 or $1,800, that you're out of pocket on that at 20%. If the typical home sleep test is reimbursed at, say, $250, $200, you're much lower out of pocket. And so for consumers, the barrier is much lower to do a home sleep test here. Most consumers would prefer a home sleep test. And so that's why I think we'll see it remain sticky. Now to telehealth, which I think was the second part of your question, some of those reimbursements have been done on sort of an emergency basis. The question is how? Will they persist after the emergency situations are declared nonemergency? There are a number of reasons to think that they will. I think that they've been very successful. And of course, the industry is lobbying very hard to put some of the things in place, both with government payers and with commercial payers. And so I think that most payers have seen telehealth to be pretty successful in terms of driving coverage and also driving down cost of care. So we can be optimistic about that. And I think the whole industry is working on it. 
James Hollingshead: Thank you for the question, David. I mean we think -- we've been obviously quite pleased with the dynamics of resupply through Q1. We expect it to continue in Q2. And actually, I do think what's going on, especially, probably, globally, but the dynamics of resupply are really a specific to U.S. market where reimbursed. And we think what's going on is that, a, patients want new clean equipment, they're more synthesized to that because of the pandemic; and b, our HME provider customers have realized that that's an avenue that's both better for the patients and better for patient care, but also better for their own business. So we think that dynamic should stay. One thing -- we had a question earlier about competitive bidding. One of the good results at a competitive bidding being delayed for some period of time is that it won't change mask reimbursement. And so we think that with the competitive bidding reannouncement, it maintains the economics of resupply that exist in the U.S. market, which is our biggest resupply market. And that's one of the reasons we think that the dynamics for that part of the market will persist through, I think, at least in the fiscal year. I think that it will remain robust. So we've got a change in customer behavior, change in patient behavior, both of which tend to resupply and then stability and reimbursement. And I think those are really key points. On market share, we have the broadest and most effective portfolio of masks and accessories on the market. We can -- with our range of products now and with our latest launch of the AirTouch N20, our line is complete across our range of masks, and we can provide a certain fit for every patient with the right mask every time. None of our competitors come even close to what we offer in the market, and we feel really good about our share and position and our ongoing innovation. 
James Hollingshead: Most of the back orders that we faced were demand driven. There were some logistical issues as well in the supply chain. We've had also some domestic shipping issues. Little things here and there that have been an issue, but it's almost all demand driven. 
