Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Kevin. Hi, everyone. Happy new year and welcome to ResMed's second quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings call. Thanks for joining us. This call is being webcast live and the replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today, along with a copy of the earnings press release and the presentation, both of which are available now. Joining me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Mick Farrell; and Chief Financial Officer, Brett Sandercock. Mick will provide a brief high-level overview of our financial results, review our progress towards our ResMed's 2025 strategic goals, and discuss our progress as we continue to navigate the ongoing macro industry and supply chain challenges. Brett will then review our financial results in more detail. And we'll then move into the Q&A portion of our call. During the Q&A session, Mick and Brett will be joined by Rob Douglas, President and Chief Operating Officer; and David Pendarvis, Chief Administrative Officer and Global General Counsel. During today's call, we will discuss several non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures, please review the supporting schedules in today's earnings press release. And as a reminder, our discussion today will include some forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about our future operating and financial performance. We do believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results may differ. Please review our SEC filings for a complete discussion of the risk factors that could affect our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today. I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great, thanks, Brett and thanks Mick. Kevin, I'd like to now turn the call back over to you to provide the instructions and then run the Q&A portion of our call.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Mick and thanks everyone for joining us. We appreciate your interest and your time. And as always, if you have any additional questions or need to follow-up, please don't hesitate to reach out directly. This does conclude ResMed's second quarter 2023 conference call. Kevin, I'll turn it back to you to close things out.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Chris and it's a good one. Obviously, we're thrilled to have AirSense 10 fully connected now, unconstrained in the US geography. As you know, we operate in 140 countries worldwide. The AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud inventory, we're working our way through that and it actually is moving very quickly. I'd state it this way that we've got the number one device in the market, which is the AirSense 11 fully connected in terms of customer ratings. We also have the number two device in the market, which is the AirSense 10 fully connected. But then we have the number three device the third best device in the market, which is the AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud, I believe that's better than the tier 2, 3, 4 competitors that are in the market. And so we've got the number one, two, and three device there and we're selling them and different customers want different things. And certainly, the AirSense 11 fully connected is at a price premium. But we'll start to see, I think us work through all of our inventory, the excess patient demand is still there globally. And I think we'll be there for a period of time, even after one of our competitors looks like they may come back into the market, hopefully sometime this this calendar year so that we can get our mask attachment rates on to them. But yes, Chris, we expect to work through all that AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud inventory. Good question.
Mick Farrell: Suraj, it's a great question and how we measure the lives changed is a pretty simple formula includes the CPAPs, APAPs, bi-level devices. But it also includes full mask systems, which you know, the sort of linear growth, if you like of the devices and some slight exponential growth of the mask systems because of replenishment rates and repeat customers coming back. But it also includes patients' lives touched through digital health. So, whether it's a Brightree patient who gets access to their device or other HME equipment, whether it's a patient in COPD medicines that gets an app that reminds them to take their medicine on a Propeller, or a patient that has a life support ventilator that gets a digital health reminder to get replenishment. And so combining all those impacts on a life. And the way I look at it is a life is changed as much by a brand new device arriving in their house as it is by an app that helps them take a medicine that keeps them out-of-hospital. So, that's how we sort of look at lives change. Yes, 150 million calendar year 2023, you got it, right. I mean, you got the math, the mathematics there is the CAGR is 17.5% volume growth of the lives that we touch over the next three calendar years through 2025 and we're going to do that. We're going to get more and more patients on CPAPs, APAPs, bi-levels, more and more on ReSupply and masks systems, and then more and more on our digital health platforms. And we've got -- it's a lofty goal and it's a stretch goal, but we believe we can get there and change 250 million lives by 2025. Thanks Suraj. Great question.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Matt, I'll start and then I'll hand to Rob Douglas, our President and Chief Operating Officer to cover in detail. But just at the start, yes, there was a sequential decrease in gross margin. One way, Matt, I could have avoided that is tell the team don't sell all those CPAPs and APAPs, to create, right because it was great gross profit dollars to the business and was great to change a patient's life by a new device, but I could have get my GM 70, 80 basis points up by saying slow down those CPAP and APAP sales. Of course, we didn't do that. The right thing is the humanitarian aspect to get those devices that we pivoted, our supply chain reengineered and redesigned to get them to market and you saw extraordinary growth, 41% growth in our US-based device market. Now, that's not our highest gross margin, its diluted to GM percentage, but it's contributory and positive to gross profit dollars. And so it's good for patients, and it's good for our stakeholders. So, that's what we did. But Rob, yes, some a really good question -- first part of the question.
Mick Farrell: I’d just pile on there that you look at Brett's guidance, nice conservative guidance is that our gross margin will be sort of steady as we go forward. I look on this and say, I think there's some upside. As we start to see mask rates start to improve, we saw 13% constant currency growth in masks during the quarter. I think, yes, as Brett said, the freight costs will wash through the inventory. And we're getting great scale from the biggest respiratory medical manufacturing plant in the planet, there in Singapore and the efficiency we've got a well above any competitor and we're doing really well on that and I think that'll come through. And then in addition to that, you'll get some upside from MEDIFOX DAN, which is accretive to revenue, gross margin, and EPS, as Brett said, throughout fiscal and beyond. So, that would be my guidance there as well, Steve. Thanks for the question.
Mick Farrell: David, that's a great question. It's actually the answer. We could take the whole rest of the Q&A session to go through it because it's what we do is trying to reach out to the 936 million people in our core market that suffocate every night with sleep apnea around the world and we're laser-focused on it. As you saw, we delivered very strongly on those new patient setups 41% growth of devices in US, Canada, Latin America and we turned to positive there in Europe, Asia, and other. And what I can tell you is we're really working through that excess patient demand. Those numbers will tell you we're working faster through that excess demand in the US and getting closer to a state you get a prescription and you'll get a device in days or weeks versus it gone up to months there at the peak of the crisis. And I think if you look across the other 140 countries we sell into, every country is different. We've got to get the regulatory approval for AirSense 11 there. We've got to work our way through, but we're going step-by-step on that journey. And so as I look at this excess patient demand, I made the comment there in my prep remarks, I think we will get to all of our customers' demand before the end of this calendar year and that tells you our confidence in increased supply and our ability to meet that need, and we're laser-focused on that humanitarian emergency of patients waiting too long for therapy and we just don't want that you suffocate. This is a case of life and death; we've got the data to show that. We want your path to therapy to be expedited. And in addition to that, the final thing I'll say is that we are looking at our patient demand generation activities that have been on hold these last 18 months. And I'm looking at our models in Australia, New Zealand, Korea, Japan, Singapore, UK, and beyond where we have these omnichannel markets availability to contact consumers or sleep concern consumers directly and get them into the funnel. And here in the US, we have direct models and also our joint venture there with Verily and Primasun that we've done some really good demand gen tests and a number of cities just waiting for me to fire the starting gun for that team. And we're getting very close to firing that starting gun. So, we have a smooth flow of -- from excess patient demand to now patient demand generation to continue our growth trajectory.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Craig, thanks for the question. No, that doesn't include a whole lot of price increases. In fact, we put price increases on hold during the COVID pandemic in some of our SaaS businesses and so we probably are changing to the area of price increases as we go forward. We've gone from pandemic to endemic, so that will happen and then flow out over the coming 12, 24 months. I'm really excited. We're looking at that domestic SaaS business in the worst of COVID getting down to low single-digits. We moved to mid-single-digits. And then Bobby, who's President of that division and his team have really accelerated that organic growth to 7% -- 8% last quarter, 7% this quarter, and so that high single-digits organic growth. And actually, we see upside from that in the organic, if you think about it, Brightree, MatrixCare, and Citus Health path. So, we see opportunities to move that up. And then when you add on MEDIFOX DAN and its capabilities, I think the combined business, obviously, the next four quarters, we'll call out the inorganic part will be double-digits on the inorganic, of course. But even going forward, as we look out towards 2025, we see opportunities for high single-digit and even low double-digit growth across that combined business as we lap the acquisition. So, really good growth there. Price increases will be a part of that going forward, but they weren't historically, to answer your question directly.
Mick Farrell: Yes, and the good news is it's not our first rodeo. We've done this launch platforms in 140 countries many times before, and we're back to our sort of meat and potatoes here. This is what we do all day every day. And going off supply chain constraints over the calendar year will be fantastic for us to be able to then just go back to what we do, which is helping people sleep better, breathe better, and live better lives outside hospital care. Thanks for the question Sean.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks Margaret. It's a great question and it's one we're thinking about a lot here. And we're thinking about all three prongs that you talked about. The first one, excess patient demand, how do we work through that. US, we're getting close to really working through it. We've got 140 other countries. And to Rob's point, it's a complex equation to get the supply chain and deliver in all 140, but we're working through that. Secondly, demand generation, yes, where we have omnichannel and have really established social media presences and abilities to drive demand gen, we'll be starting to turn those on country-by-country. And then thirdly, RePAPs, to your point, the last two and a half, three years of COVID crisis, pandemic crisis, competitor recall crisis, we have not turned the knob on RePAP. And in fact, we know our customers have been holding back when they're supply chain constrained on contacting patients who reach that three-year, five-year post-warranty, you're ready for a new device on insurance and/or patient making the call. So, I think all three of those are going to be applied in all 50 states here in the US and in all 140 countries worldwide. We do have scenarios and plans, I'm not going to detail them here on this call, but I can tell you that we expect to see steady growth throughout our market and we're going to drive that. And we're going to make sure that patients waiting lists are not long. We're not going to turn the needles until we're ready to get there in supply. I'm just happy we're having this conversation this quarter and it's so much better than the last eight quarters that we're talking about demand gen and driving RePAPs, because that's what we've done for 33.5 years in the business and it's what we love doing and we're going to do more of it.
Mick Farrell: Thanks Mike and cheeky sneaking in two questions, but I'll answer both for sure. Card-to-Cloud, as those devices -- as those AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud devices reach their either warranty period or payer allotted period at which a patient can get another device allocated to them, which is usually in the three years or five years, normally time horizon, those patients will get the opportunity to upgrade their devices from an AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud to presumably an AirSense 11 device. And look, the first 26 years of ResMed's existence, we had, firstly, non-connected and then Card-to-Cloud pager-type technologies sort of sneaker-net. It works. It can get you there. It's not as optimal. It doesn’t get that sort of patient engagement on myAir and all the abilities that we can get to that 87% adherence, but it's darn good therapy. It's the smallest, quietest, the most comfortable therapy. And with the Card-to-Cloud, our HME -- mostly sold in the US, HME customers have done this for years and the data go to the cloud, and so the doctor doesn't see much difference because the doctor is seeing all the data in AirView on Card-to-Cloud and directly connected and so actually able to drive really good care with those patients. So, it will be a bolus of patients over that sort of 12-month period. And we've had, I would say, some pretty good success in humanitarian aid really and showing that ResMed isn't just going to stick to a strategy. It's going to say, if we need to pivot tactically to take care of patients, we'll do it and we'll take care of them long-term. But there will be a bolus of patients, I think, jumping at the front of RePAP in a couple of years who want to get the latest and greatest technology and some on consumer pay markets might go quicker. The second question around gross margin. Yes, look, MEDIFOX DAN accretive to our group gross margin. I'm not going to quantify it exactly, but that's why I said you're going to see, I think, some upside to our GM as we go through the fiscal year, including MEDIFOX DAN. It's accretive to revenue, gross margin percentage, but also NOP dollars and our EPS performance over the fiscal and beyond. Thanks for the questions Mike.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Saul, look, it's a great question. We don't split out our details on price. But I can give some sort of general color and maybe, Rob, Brett, maybe you want to add a little bit on for Saul to the color that we can provide. Competitive dynamics are very tight. Look, we were very open that we had a surcharge that we put the start of last year around the freight costs that were incredibly high, $12 and EUR12 across all devices and so on. We will start to actually take that away to get customer-by-customer and appropriately as we go through the year. And as we actually see -- to Rob's point earlier, as we see those freight costs come through our inventory, they don't just come in a spot change, it takes time for the COGS reduction there to come through. But in terms of that 41%, I can say it was materially improved by the AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud and was able to get those devices there. But our ability, I think, also as we have started this quarter to turn AirSense 10 fully connected off-constraint, I think will continue to be a nice tailwind for our business there. But Brett, I'll hand to you for any further color we can provide to Saul to help on his modeling on this great US flow generator growth.
Mick Farrell: Yes. Thanks Dan. And clearly, you're very diligent looking at FDA and different regulatory approvals around the world. Look, what I'll say to this is that the AirSense 10 Card-to-Cloud was a reengineered re-pivoted device, absolutely. And the AirSense 10 fully connected, we did rejig the comms chip to get one that was less supply chain constraints. So, those two are reengineering back in the line. We didn't reengineer the AirSense 11 that's selling right now. But of course, there will be variance. This is a long-term platform. This platform, the AirSense 11 is going to do CPAP, APAP, bi-level, all sorts of amazing therapy models. If you even look at the work that we're doing on the Lumis HFT device that we talked about earlier in the Q&A and during my prep remarks, that's on a platform of the AirSense 10 and obviously, AirSense 11 will become the platform of note for us over the coming years. But we don't go into details of our future product pipeline. So, thanks for the question. But look, I can tell you, those three products in the market are number one, two, and three and as you saw this quarter, they're selling well, and we expect them to continue to.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Lyanne, you're getting to some of the complexities behind that. Look, our goal is to get off the supply constraint during this calendar and we know we can get there. We won't get there if we turn on every single knob that we have for demand generation and RePAP generation around the world. And so we will be turning those dials, if you like, for demand generation and RePAP generation through our customers and directly as we get supply improving country-by-country. And so yes, I think we can get to all customer demand if we do no change faster, but our goal is to take care of not just the patients who are currently in the pipeline, but also the 80% -- 90% in many countries who are undiagnosed and untreated. And so our mission is to do that and it's aligned with altruism but also our profit motive. And the overlap of those is a really powerful tool for us to have sustainable long-term growth as we have the last 33.5 years. And so clearly, if we turn every dial to max, we wouldn't be able to get off a constraint this year. We won't turn all to max, but we will and we are starting to turn those dials and getting the programs up and running in different cities, different states, different geographies around the world as we start to get off-constraint. So, I won't go into further detail than that to say that, Lyanne, yes, you're digging in, it is more complex than just we get there. It's we get there and then we start turning on the market growth rate as the market leader, which is our sort of our duty and our obligation and we're going to do both. We're going to grow the market and grow our share and deliver for patients.
Mick Farrell: Yes, Steve, thanks and thanks for coming for your second question at the end of the queue. It shows that the system works and you can get the second question in. It's a good one. Our diagnosis rate in the US, obviously, impacted the start of COVID with all the labs being shut down and then we saw that big pivot and adoption of home sleep apnea testing and some great models from ResMed and many other players in the market to help physicians find ways to remotely screen, diagnose, treat, and manage sleep apnea patients. As we come out from pandemic to endemic in the US, we've definitely seen -- I'd say, our data show that at least 50% of patients are going through home sleep apnea testing. And then of the other 50%, some of them do home sleep apnea test and then just a follow-up in a lab for titration and mask fit and so on. And so really good adoption of home sleep apnea testing. It's sort of related to our demand generation area that demand generation isn't just going out there on social media and advertising and finding that customer acquisition cost and appropriate place well under lifetime value and getting them into the channel. It's also working with the channel to understand where we have capacity, what cities, what geographies that we have. And as you know, Steve following us closely, we purchased a company called Ectosense, and their product called NightOwl. And I have one sitting on the desk right here. This thing is the size of my fingertip and it has the ability to have highly sensitive and specific screening and diagnosis of sleep apnea with reimbursement in a geography like the US, and we're actually experimenting in Asia and Latin America and around the world on this. And the technology is originally European, so hopefully, it gets adopted there, too. I love Ectosense, and I love home sleep apnea testing happening where it's small, it's quiet, it's convenient, and its cloud connected similar to our therapeutics. And yes, so I think you're going to see that diagnostic rate in the US pick up post-pandemic because people learned that telemedicine, digital health, remote screening, remote diagnostics work, and we can scale them. But it won't just be here in the US. It might be pioneered, launched here, and scaled here. but it's going to work in many other countries around the world. And I can tell you we're really excited about partnerships with the physicians and the patients themselves to find their path to better sleep and better breathing. Thanks for the question.
Mick Farrell: Thanks Kevin and thank you again to all of our shareholders and stakeholders for joining us on this call. I'd want to thank once again the opportunity for all 10,000 ResMedians, many of whom of you are also shareholders. So, thank you for that. Thank you also for your dedication, hard work, helping people breathe, sleep, and live better lives in over 140 countries. You delivered these numbers. Thank you for all that you do. And I'll hand back to you, Amy.
Rob Douglas: Yes, Matt, thanks for question. There's lots of factors in that gross margin and you're asking specifically about productivity and productivity improvements. We've done a whole lot of work around volume improvements and really driving volume and all of our discussions with suppliers have been increasing volume and reliability of delivery. Our normal settings in normal world is we have a long-term outlook volume commitment and we're looking at optimization and pricing improvements and things like that. Those activities have pretty well been on hold while we've been doing these -- this sort of real scramble that drive volumes. Freights a similar situation, although we are seeing freights probably going to improve faster than some of these other costs that were in there. But totally in terms of our supply chain culture, we absolutely will be aiming to go back to our continuous improvement situation where we have a really strong volume leverage gain. We continue to drive the volumes in a systematic way and we use that to drive productivity and drive cost out of the system.
Rob Douglas: Yes, Mike. We're pretty excited about this. It's a long-term project though, but as Mick said, we view this as a very large potential market, very significantly larger than some of our other respiratory care markets. And we believe that we're running tests -- we're really focusing on its complementariness with home oxygen therapy that is you'll get much better outcomes if you add this in. And we're working hard on all of the market access and evidence generation programs to do that. Now, most of those programs are buying either RCTs or real-world evidence trials. So, we're sort of in limited market release at the moment in specific markets where we're making these claims. But as that evidence evolves and we generate it and take it to the -- to payers and standard setting organizations, we see this is going to be a very strong market for us, but it is a multiyear project.
Rob Douglas: The only other comment, Sean, is some of this is driven by regulatory requirements around getting approvals and validations and also, several of these markets have different components that they need. So, they're different validation and engineering projects to do it. And we just have to sequence that through our prioritization process as well. So, that's actually true with all product launches.
Rob Douglas: Yes, Matt the only other thing I'd add is we sort of think of sort of market growth rate in terms of the patient lifetime journey through this condition -- terrible condition, very serious and the biggest problem is awareness. And so you start off with how do you become aware of it. Does your primary care know to refer you to a sleep specialist? Can that specialist refer you to either home or lab testing? And then do you get a referral to a provider who's got the capacity to look after you. And basically, staff capacity is even a big issue for them. And so -- and then will that provide a look after long-term and keep the ReSupply programs. And our solutions are across all of those, but there's bottlenecks in all of those parts of the patient lifetime -- patient journey, if you like. And as I say, we're providing solutions across that and incrementally driving improvements across all of those. So, that provides a really good long-term outlook for steady growth in the business, as Mick was saying.
Rob Douglas: The only other thing is, David, it's been really important for us to be able to supply those two platforms. It's been a great thing for us to have sort of a double. Basically, we've got so much extra capability and capacity because we've got two platform lines designed for the market.
