Agnes Lee: Thank you, Andrew and thank you for attending ResMed’s live webcast. Joining me on the call today are Mick Farrell, our CEO; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release it can be found on our website at investors.resmed.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy and performance.  We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in the filings made by ResMed with the SEC.  I will now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
Agnes Lee: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to Q&A and we ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have any additional questions after that, please get back into the queue. Andrew, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee: Thank you again for joining us today. If there are any additional questions, please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available on our website in about two hours at investors.resmed.com. Andrew you may now close the call.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Ian. There is a number of factors as you know that go into gross margin. One of the impacts is that the ASV as you talked about. If you remember 12 months ago in March 2015, there was the American College of Cardiology and there was a lot of very positive press around heart failure with reduced ejection fraction and ASV, and we really saw those very high margin ASV products this time a year ago do incredibly well in the March quarter, and so we are annualizing if you like a steeper curve on ASV from a year ago and that headwind. And as I say the endpoint of that is the announcement is May 13, 2016 when we annualize that, so there will be six weeks in Q4 with that steep curve as well. That is one factor. Another factor impacting gross margin was the outperformance of our Americas team, which is lower than group margin but still very positive gross profit dollars but lower than group margin and the other impact was the outperformance of our flow generator line. So the AirSense 10, and the AirCurve 10, which were lower than group margins but very positive products as a platform together in flow generators and those were outperforming the market and outperforming the rest of the business and so had an impact on GM.
Mick Farrell: Yes, look, the pricing environment is pretty normal. As you know, Ian, about two years ago we stopped giving the quarterly update on year-on-year ASP adjustments, but it's really back to a pretty normal level. 18 or 20 months ago there was a bit of a step change but we are back to a pretty normal level on pricing. Another factor on GM that I didn't talk about was the acquisition of Inova which again a great product portable oxygen concentrators but closer to flow generator profit margin. And so there was two months of the three months of the quarter that we had sold Inova which had an impact on GM as well, but average prices are in a pretty stable environment both in the U.S. and in Europe.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, thanks for the question Andrew. We really don’t want to sort of because we do give that sort of matrix of detail now within Americas and EMEA and APAC within flow gens and masks. We don’t want to break out the organic versus acquisition debt all the way down the matrix. I can tell you at a high level that the core growth, if we say the market is growing at mid-to high single digits in the sleep apnea markets if you like, we well outperformed that but I don't want to break the 15 out down by basis points because I think that starts to get us into a level of granularity that we just do not get from our competitors on public conference calls and it doesn’t really help our shareholders and driving long-term value but I appreciate the question.
Mick Farrell: You know, look, I really don't like to sort of throw a model, get involved in sort of a competitor back and forth on these conference call J.P. All I will say is that look our device, and it’s really our solution, the air solutions platform has incredible advantages. We take great cost out of the system, we provide such value for our customers and customers are using a broad sense. The customer is the patient obviously but it’s also the provider, the DME, it is also payers and other folks beyond. And the value we are able to do by linking up with EMR and EHR systems in a closed payer-provider network or a government run insurance in Western Europe network or – and the data we’re able to provide, patients means the strong demand for our product. And so I do think we’ve got a winning value proposition. I think it’s a very sustainable competitive advantage. But having said that, we believe in productive paranoia. And as I was saying earlier, we innovate our cloud-based systems on a regular basis. Weekly and monthly upgraded to these to make sure we keep those is a finely oiled machine here and that’s our goal in this space. But look there is always competition. We love competition. What we love doing is really providing value to customers and customers choosing our products and solutions because of that.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Saul. Yeah, well, I mean, I was talking about the healthcare informatics lifecycle of being every couple of months with an upgrade. Mask systems – it depends on the full face, the nasal, the pillows and the technologies you are using. The AirFit range has been incredibly successful. The P10 mask, which is a nasal pillows mask, which I personally use, is the best mask on the planet for nasal pillows and our F10 remains clearly a world leading mask. And the N10, I think it's a very good mask, I think look we can always do better. And every time we release a product we are looking to do better. You know, Saul, that we don’t go into the specifics of our roadmap, but if you are asking me are there are exciting masks in the horizon? Of course, there are. How far is that horizon now? Well, I can’t go into details on that. It just doesn’t make sense to from a competitive dynamic front given the public nature of this call.
Mick Farrell: Well, thanks for the question, Anthony. Clearly the revenue and EBITDA is an immediate integration right. So, we get a nice addition of $113 million growing at strong levels on the top line and north of $43 million of EBITDA growing strong double-digits as well, so that was integrated immediately. In terms of the operating integration, as Jim said earlier, we will run Brightree as a subsidiary that has clearly separation of some data to make sure that our teams perform everything appropriately. The synergies with customers are that clearly we have customers who purchase our products and will also purchase Brightree solutions. So there will be a clear coordination between our sales force, but as Jim said, we closed the acquisition on April 4, and it is now April 26, we haven’t fully integrated our go-to-market in the first 22 days, but we do have a 91-83-60 [ph] plan here and will be able to provide, probably on this call over the coming fourth quarters, further and further integrations including obviously financial integration starting Q4 those numbers rolling in, but then the go-to-market integration over the coming four quarters.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, Anthony. It will be immediately gross margin accretive and I think Brett in his prepared remarks talked about 70 to 100 basis points of positive contribution is likely in Q4 from including of the Brightree – the Brightree financials. So, it is a really good immediately accretive on top line and on GM.
Mick Farrell: Victor, we’re not going to go into the details. You’re right. That’s what we side. At that time, we said it’s – ASV is roughly 7% of the revenues and we thought a quarter of that might be at risk and roughly on the global numbers that’s roughly in line. As Rob said, it was a bit ahead of that in Europe and Americas was not as badly affected as Europe.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, yeah, Victor, as I said earlier and Rob just said now, from May 13, we will hit the anniversary of the date of the announcement and from then the activity went pretty quickly as Rob said. So we should expect to ramp to strong positive ASV growth from that date. But really as I said in my prepared remarks, fiscal 2017 is where we are going to see the benefits of complex sleep apnea, payments medication, post traumatic stress disorder and also some other applications on CSA that are interesting in the sort of stroke patients and others. So, we’ll see those going forward.
Mick Farrell: The revenues for Brightree come from the customers who are the HME providers and HME providers have a portfolio of products that they use. So they - our customers or the HME providers are buying from ResMed and some of the competitors that you named. So my presumption is our customers will continue to want to buy from them and would want them to use the software program that our customers are using. It is as simple as that. It is not our decision or our competitors decision it’s the customers decision and the customer has to make a right decision and about the economic interests, the longer-term interest primarily with their patients and for growing business efficiently. So, we think that will play out, really we've had two or three months of this out there and playing out just fine as far as we see it. So, we're pretty excited frankly two months after the announcement and really only 22 days after the close and we're revving up to move forward.
Mick Farrell: Thank you, Andrew. And in closing, I want to welcome the Inova and Brightree teams to our global ResMed team and to thank the now almost 5000 strong team here at ResMed from around the world for their commitment to changing lives, of millions of patients with every breath. I'm very proud of what this team has accomplished not just here in Q3, but beyond in creating the world’s leading tech driven medical device company. We remain laser focused our long-term goal of improving 20 million lives by 2020 by literally giving products and the gift of breath to those folks. Thanks for your time and we will talk to again in 90 days.
Margaret Kaczor: Good afternoon, everyone. Good morning, Brett. The first question maybe is on the U. S. side, obviously, we've seen some good durables strength you just talked about it, but you guys are facing a tougher comp as we go into the next few quarters. So, do you envision being able to keep up that double-digit range and just talk about the overall durability of the business. Thank you.
Margaret Kaczor: Okay, great. And then just to keep pushing on that a little bit, how is the sales process may be changed with your acquisition of Brightree, I know it’s kind of early days, but are you seeing your sales guys go into these accounts and sell Brightree, Inova and sleep apnea [ph] in one transaction and how should we expect that go-to-market strategy to change in year one, two and so on? Thank you.
Margaret Kaczor: Great. And then, just in terms of gross margin again, Brett maybe you can give us a little bit more perspective, you mentioned mix ASP and geographic mix, should we think of that about that third or third or third or overweight one of those categories and as ASV comes back, is that the primary driver to maybe reverse that trend on gross margins for the course sleep apnea business and over what timeframe should we expect that? Thank you. 
Jim Hollingshead: Sure. Thanks for the question, Margaret. We are seeing very robust growth in the flow gen platforms because of the solutions adoption. The AirSense and AirCurve 10 platforms are both superior products to anything on the market just as a flow generator to begin with, but we are seeing a lot of uptake of our solutions across many, many of our customers and we think that’s driving the persistent growth. We feel very confident in that.
Jim Hollingshead: I will comment, may not be further color, I will just say it’s work in progress. We’re a little bit further along with the planning for Inova Labs and how we integrate that. Brightree will continue to be a separate subsidiary, but you can imagine we really just closed both of those acquisitions, so we are working on that plan right now, Margaret.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah, we’ve been having those conversations for months with customers. I think that this year is a little bit different from FY2014 when CB2 hit for the first time. So the vast majority of our customers have anticipated what’s coming and we’ve been having pricing conversations with them for months. And so, this does hit their business and we are continuing to have the normal pricing conversations in that context.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah, sure, it's a great question and we have had that question from customers, right. And I will say as a blanket statement to start, we are absolutely committed to putting in place appropriate protection for our customers’ business sensitive information. It’s very important to us that we do that, that’s how we work with our customers in general and that’s how we are as a company and so we are completely committed to that. But if I go broader and just say about the reaction of customers in the market, it has been more than two months since we announced that acquisition. And generally speaking, I think that the response from our customers has been very positive. And I think you can see in the Q3 results that if anything it’s impacted the business positively.
Brett Sandercock: Thanks for the question. We really don’t want to drill down through the whole P&L. With regard to that, we will have an SEC document that we will provide before the end of the fiscal year. So this quarter that will outline the Brightree business in quite some detail, so you will see that in the coming months. But we really don’t want to sort of get into a quarterly reporting where we break down all the way through the P&L for these three acquisitions, but we are happy to provide that color at the top line that it is around 2% of global growth, so 9% total growth, 7% organic and 2% acquisition driven.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. Thanks, Saul. The cash flow has been very strong for the business and has been quite sustained over the three quarters as you noted. So we're really pleased with that. If you look at the big one there is probably around inventory where we’ve managed to reduce that over time. There's a lot with the essence growth thing, so strong over the period. I think now we’ve had time to stabilize that and adjust somewhat. So we really started tune inventory levels and I think that sort of – its underlying – the strong underlying earnings has played a part for sure and then really turning that inventory, I think, it’s just sort of underpin and deliver some stronger cash flow through those quarters. That's probably bring the biggest impact.
Brett Sandercock: I am not sure you can conclude that Chris. At the end of the day, we sort of 57% to 60% obviously Brightree will have a quite significant positive impact for us going into Q4 and then all the other factors play out as well that’s come up with that guidance range. I don't think you can form a conclusion either way on what the guidance would have been in, but certainly Brightree will have a positive impact on that.
Brett Sandercock: No. there is nothing new in the reimbursement environment globally. So, I mean frankly everything that’s been talked about in the U. S. has been projected, the government run process, so it is usually projected 12, 24, even 36 months in advance. So, there is really now news on the reimbursement plan.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. Margaret. Good follow-up, but we do not want to provide that level of detail. Rob if you can provide any color to help address Margaret's question that we want to share. 
Brett Sandercock: I mean the one bit of color we can provide is that ASV, and this is important as it starts to come back in 2017. It’s a very margin accretive product. It's a very margin accretive product. So, as it starts to come back it will really benefit us and clearly, just hitting the 12 month mark of a headwind that’s been a tough 11 months on the GM front as you guys have seen in the numbers with that as a headwind as it starts to turn mutual and become a tailwind in 2017. It can really help us, but clearly we are executing on ASV we got some really exciting applications for it, you will hear more from us on this front in the future.
Brett Sandercock: I’ll have a crack of that one. Thanks, Margaret. Look, the most significant one has definitely been product mix and that’s been the biggest one and that’s multiple really, obviously ASV is playing out there a little bit and playing out there as well and just a really strong outperformance in flow generators. So, it’s a big thing of those - with ASV that sort of stuff dissipates certainly through Q4 and then into Q1. So that will certainly help. And then, obviously Brightree comes on boarding in Q4 as well. And then just as I mentioned earlier just depends on the trends for products mix and also geographic mix. So, even really strong outperformance in the Americas, which is positive, does have an impact on the growth margin. So, a number of factors playing out, but some of those moderate and some of kind of disappeared into FY17. So, I think that’s good. I mean the important thing on that European and ASV headwind, is that that’s go away and that’s if you strip that out, the device number internationally would be better. So, I think that’s something to look at that, I think that obviously headwind is really detracting from international and that is definitely something it’s going to go away into FY17.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. I think Mick talked about it earlier in terms of getting going too much into the detail on that. I think you guys - the overall number was 2% and either would be squid to devices obviously and then more spread. So, I think probably did not have some fair estimates on what kind of the impacts would be through the categories without going into too much detail on it.
Rob Douglas: Yeah, thanks, Mike. In all of our other countries around the world, we view them as a portfolio; they are all running on different dynamics. And some are growing strongly at various times and other ones have challenging periods. Across the board, we are seeing – we talk about the mid-single market growth, mid-single digits market growth, and we believe that we are very much holding our own in that market growth and going well. The air solutions dynamic is quite different in different countries and every country has own major drivers. Some things are always the same, patients are always interested in their information and anything we can provide to them that helps them use the equipment and stay on using equipment that improves their outcome is useful. And we are seeing that in all of those markets. In other markets, we have to deal with specific issues, specific privacy concerns in Europe, language concerns in Japan, for example, and all of those things we’ve got going well and we are on, I guess, it’s slower than the U.S. but a very solid implementation plan through all of those countries to roll air solutions out. It’s an ongoing program for us.
Rob Douglas: Yeah, thanks, Victor. When we made the announcement last year, we sort of gave some indications of what we felt the impact would be. We are pretty accurate in those predictions and so we roughly standby those predictions. The impact has been more significant in Europe where we had an indication for cardiology patients versus in the U.S. where we didn’t. Our team working hard on some of the other applications for ASV and Mick mentioned them earlier on. Particularly talking about on complex sleep apnea as well as on patients who are on pain medication and so we see a lot of opportunities there and those market development opportunities are underway not only emphasize in the U.S., but also in other markets around the world. And we should start to see some benefit from those activities selling through. And as Nick also said earlier, we will anniversary the announcement on May 13 and the impact that we – the short-term impact that we had after that came on fairly quickly. So we should see those activities even up from there on in.
Rob Douglas: No, we really do not want to break that out Margaret, but obviously with the ASV not helping some of the other underlying parts of the business, it would look better, if the ISC wasn’t included in it, but it’s just too commercially sensitive to break all that out.
