Agnes Lee: Thank you, Christine, and thank you for attending ResMed's live webcast. Joining me on the call today are Mick Farrell, our CEO; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of the management team will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. If you have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found on our website at investor.resmed.com. I want to remind our listeners that our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to statements about future expectations, plans and prospects for the company, corporate strategy, litigation, tax outlook, and performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially from those indicated. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in filings made by ResMed with the SEC. I will now hand the call over to Mick Farrell.
Agnes Lee: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to Q&A and we ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question only. If you have additional questions after that please get back into the queue. Christine, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Agnes Lee: Okay, thank you again for joining us today. If there are any additional questions please feel free to contact me. The webcast replay will be available on our website at investors.resmed.com. Christine you may now close the call.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Margaret. And as we talked about on previous calls, if you look back over five-plus-years ResMed had around 30%, 32% of our revenue in SG&A and in most recent quarters we've taken that down to 27% as a percentage of revenue because we're able to grow and leverage our world leading scale within the sleep apnea and respiratory care and now out-of-hospital software markets. We expect that to continue. And as Brett said in his prepared remarks we want to leave this fiscal year with a run rate of around 26% of our revenues at SG&A and even beyond that as we look to FY19. And so I think there's a lot of runway left for leverage around SG&A. We're a global leader, the global leader in sleep apnea and respiratory care, and we have a right to win in out-of-hospital software and I think we can leverage that scale to grow efficiently. So I'd summarize that there's a lot of runway ahead over multiple fiscal years here, Margaret.
Mick Farrell: Yes, that's a great question, Margaret; it allows us to talk about digital health and connected health beyond just the United States. We've had excellent progress the last three-and-a-half years in the U.S. millions literally north of $4 million, 100% cloud connected medical devices. 6 million patients in the AirView system, and that keeps growing every day. But as we highlighted in the prepared remarks it's fantastic to see a country like France where the government who paid most of the healthcare bill through Social Security healthcare looking at the sleep apnea space and saying there is an ROI here to invest in telemonitored sleep devices. If we have patients that have telemonitored devices they use them more and as the data showed that we published and the French government knows that if the patient uses their device more they stay out of hospital more. They have a better quality of life and in fact their survival rights go up. So the French government making that change, January 1, is fantastic, we think there's a lot of runway ahead across France and as we look across Western Europe and across Europe, Asia, and all the other markets that we do business in, we are in regular conversations through our market access team with the governments and major players in the United States and other for-profit payers and we will get the message through that having telemonitoring, having connected health and digital health, improves outcomes, lowest costs, and save lives. And we do think that other countries will follow suit after France and it's great to have them out there.
Mick Farrell: Sean thanks for the question. Unfortunately for the call but fortunately for our sales team and our commercial teams has been long time designing again this product ready. We're not ready yet to publicly announce the specific features and capabilities. What I said at the conference earlier this month, and I'm happy to repeat here, is that this has got really good oxygen output; it's got excellent battery life and a really good blend of all the other parameters that are needed to make out-of-home portable oxygen concentrators, the best they can be. And by putting the ResMed brand on it running it and release it when we believe the quality is at the level that deserves that brand and that's what we're working towards.
Mick Farrell: Yes, David, as you indicated the reimbursement change went into effect January 1, but our French colleagues and customers and partners in the ecosystem in France have known about this for a number of months or quarters. And so there has been some, if you like, upgrading of the fleet from non-cloud connected to cloud connected devices over the last three, six months. We see more runway ahead of that for France. And really importantly, we see patients getting better care, using their devices more therefore using more masks, but most importantly, staying at a hospital and being well taken care of. And we think there is a positive domino effect here where other countries will see this change based upon real data including the data that we published in the Peer Reviewed press this quarter and say this is the right direction to go. So we are in active discussions well beyond just one or two countries here or 120 countries we sell our products into, we are looking to get the message out there that telemonitoring and cloud connectivity and digital health and connected care can save costs and improved lives. But more runway left in France and a lot more across the other 119 countries we sell into over the coming fiscal years.
Mick Farrell: Yes, that's a good question. I will hand that to Jim Hollingshead who runs our Global Sleep Business.
Mick Farrell: That's a great question, Joanne. I'm going to hand that to Rob Douglas, our Chief Operating Officer.
Mick Farrell: Yes, thanks Joanne. No nothing out of the ordinary in this Q2 in terms of the channel. I think what we're seeing is we've had three-and-a-half years of the Air Solutions and AirSense portfolio that's incredibly value for customers. They continue to buy those sleep devices and those respiratory care devices that fit on the AirView platform. And we're seeing really good traction of N20 nasal mask and the F20 full face mask. These are the smallest, quietest, and most comfortable in their category. The plastic that fits on the bridge of the nose on an F20 and N20 is the thinnest and most comfortable plastic that you can have of any mask on the market. So I think that's what's leading to the share gains that we got this quarter and I think there is some sustainability to those share gains as we look forward.
Mick Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question, David. We look at the global sleep apnea respiratory care market that we play in growing in that mid-to-high-single-digits with devices growing at the mid-single-digits and masks systems growing at the high-single-digits. Yes, clearly this quarter we took share in both of those categories. Air Solutions, AirView and the AirSense10 and AirCurve 10 systems themselves helped us gain share in the device side and these new masks not perfectly new now three or four quarters after launch but they're still growing well in the nasal and full face categories with the N20 and the F20. And I got you to tell you the AirTouch F20 that full mask has formed a nice little niche for those patients who are very sensitive to their -- to plastic on their face and now have a far more comfortable foam that they can have there. I think the market is in that mid-to-high-single-digits. I think we took share in this last quarter and then we have the capability of taking share over further quarters. But we're also putting 6%, 7% of our revenues into research and development to make sure we have a regular cadence of innovation to bring on the mask front as well as on the software front which we upgrade on a four to six weekly basis with the cloud upgrades.
Mick Farrell: Yes, thanks for the question, Matt. We don't break out the detail between the sleep devices and the respiratory care devices. But I can breakout by geography that the devices grew globally at 9% on a constant currency basis. In Europe, Asia, and our other markets around the world it was around 5% growth of the devices and in the U.S., Canada, and Latin America groups combined we grew at 12%. A way to think about why does that relative growth by geography is the penetration rate all their solutions in the digital health and connected health platforms. The more that we're able to show that data with our customers of managing a fleet of products or managing a fleet of patients within the digital health platform enables them to see the value, reduce their labor costs when they use a ResMed device through at ecosystem their labor costs for setting up sleep apnea therapy go down by up to 59%. So that's a big compelling value proposition that you want to buy ResMed. As I said during earlier in the Q&A and during the prepared remarks we have had some success in France of getting differential reimbursement for that and I'd say that's the first geography outside the U.S. that will have now sort of an S-curve of growth if you like of the digital side that allows to bring some of that faster device growth there. But look out our French team are doing an amazing job firstly in market access and talking to the government but also in execution of driving that and we would like to see that continue their in France but also across Western Europe and other markets we participate in.
Mick Farrell: Yes Vic, it’s Mick here. Look there are the 380 million COPD patients out there, we think somewhere around 10% of them will and should have some type of therapy whether it's non-invasive ventilation, portable oxygen concentrator, and/or life support ventilation. So it’s a huge long-term opportunity but it’s not overnight and it takes a long time. I think a really important factor about that second horizon of growth for us is that the money that can be saved for the healthcare system is huge. These 380 million patients are incredibly expensive for the healthcare system, they come back and back and back again to the emergency room and they get re-hospitalized within 90 days on a very high frequency and when they use our products and we show this in the HOT_HMV study when they use our non-invasive ventilator and they use our oxygen concentrator together, we can reduce hospitalizations by 51%. So look like we did with the French government and working with them on telemonitoring and showing the return on investment, we are going country by country, payer by payer in the full profit country insurance markets and showing these data. So it’s not in overnight. ASCO it’s market by market but we see a lot of runway ahead and when we launched the Mobi, we will have another part of the portfolio in there another ResMed brand that is part of the portfolio to add in there. So as you look forward to next couple of fiscal years, you will start to see some good growth out of our respiratory care business.
Mick Farrell: Yes, thanks Suraj. Brightree really is a U.S. designed and operated software. However we do have software programmers who are in the UK and in other parts of the world, so it is a globally supplied business. We operate in 120 countries, the amazing efficiency that we brought to our U.S homecare customers with Brightree, I wouldn't want to limit to just that country. Having said that I don't want to distract the team from the really strong teams level double-digit growth and so they will be focused on that but Suraj it's a good question and one we're looking at and we are looking at other geographies including ones that where we're heavily invested to think can we start some pilot trials and experiments some greatest experiments if you like of taking the Brightree technology to some of the other markets that we do business in. So I guess that's part of our Horizon three strategy that out-of-hospital software expansion you'll see us talk more about that as we go forward.
Mick Farrell: Yes, it’s a good question. I'll hand that to Jim Hollingshead from our global sleep business perspective.
Mick Farrell: Yes, I mean I'd one to that it's such a comfortable mask that it could be a second line of defense if a patient doesn't tolerate LSR or plastic touching their face, there are people who object to that it interferes with their sleep. Foam is incredibly comfortable it’s what lot mattresses are made out of it feels more like the bedcovers and so it's a great niche that I think goes after those customers who need that and as Jim said it will depend on the insurance and the reimbursement schedule but also depends on that individual patient selection. And if you're able to get a patient compliant versus not compliant the difference is as we showed in those published data a huge for the healthcare system, so they're sort of self evident but obviously we're collecting health economics and market access data while we launch a product like this into all our markets.
Mick Farrell: Great thanks Christine. In closing, I want to thank the 6,000 strong ResMed team for their execution on our product launches and their commitment to our operating excellence initiatives. This quarter that work translated into continued market share gains, strong revenue growth, and excellent operating leverage. Our team remains focused on our future pipeline of products and software solutions that change patients' lives and benefit our customers, patients, physicians, payers, and providers. Thank you for your time. And we will talk to you again in 90 days.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. As we mentioned Sean, it was pretty meaningful this quarter. If you looked at sequentially it was kind of in the order of 50 basis points negative. So it was quite a big impact on the gross margins. So, yes, if we know that we're kind of pretty pleased with where we end up with the gross margins because we have quite a big headwind on FX.
Brett Sandercock: Sure, Steve. I mean we have a program around kind of initiatives in both manufacturing, procurement, logistics, and so on to really work on a number of initiatives and we're kind of keep track of that pipeline pretty full, then it's a matter of executing on those and in the time when they drop. So let's not get overly granular but we’re working on that all time and we expect to kind of drop if you like initiatives that will take cost out over a period of time and there will be some of those will manifest in the second half. But it's only progressive and it's a long-term program and you just got to continue to execute on the initiatives you identify and keep that pipeline full and that's certainly what the team done. So I guess it's more progressive, Steve, rather than sort of sudden big jolt to it. So we just got to keep executing on those initiatives and that will continue to drive cost out of the all that COGS area.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, I mean guiding to be broadly consistent right. We will have some headwind with Aussie at $0.80. I mean clearly if that keeps tracking up that's a different ball game but at the moment, I mean, it's a quarter away, so into Q3 it won't be so bad, if you look into Q4 then clearly there is a bit of a headwind there but we've kind of managed currencies on the Aussie all the way from mine [ph] time $0.47 to $1.03. So I think we just got to -- we just have to live with currencies moving around and make sure that we've got initiatives in place I guess to counteract that. But also I mean we will get much more broader on our manufacturing nowadays compared to what we were a decade ago. So we have manufacturing in Singapore, for example, it's pretty big, we had some in the U.S. now that we are undertaking. So I guess that portfolio is a little more balanced and then clearly as you know over many years on the material side it was really looked as sort of space or even essentially U.S. dollars to try and mitigate some of that. So it certainly has an impact but I guess there is some things we do to try and mitigate that and we've just a got to live with the currency whichever way it goes.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, I mean, we certainly have the flexibility now. I guess with the reviewing that's kind of I wouldn’t want to sort of preempt anything just yet but it does give us that flexibility. The clear will be around being able to utilize that cash essentially anywhere in the world and that could mean growth opportunities, acquisitions, investments where we might want to undertake. We have far more flexibility to do that. And additionally and it's not necessarily either/or, but we would have, I think the ability to do some more capital management as well. I mean, there's a few things in the tax reform you've got some limits or caps on interest deductibility and things like that. So you have to navigate a few things but for us it will, it's a great benefit for us because the flexibility is much greater than we had before. And we've kicked off the buyback for example in Q2 we will continue with that at the moment I expect it to be relatively modest or just offset the equity share grants to employees for example just sort of their $1 million to $1.5 million annually. But we certainly have more flexibility around that but not -- we don't have everything completely planned at this stage I think we're just assessing through on our options and so on.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, for this quarter was $0.02 favorable for us, which is really the reflection of the stronger euro. So it was $0.02.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, sure. I mean, it is -- I mean all of this is very recent and there's been a lot of activity, so these are all if you like our best estimates going forward given what we know about the draft Australian legislation and also the U.S. tax reforms. So put that guidance out there, which I'm recently confident on but they are estimates. And -- looking forward the impacts it'll just be around geographic mix of income and operations. Okay, so as operations evolve in different geographies and that can impact your tax rates typically over time. So that would be kind of longer-term impacts that you might see but on shorter-term I think that's going to be our best estimates with what we know on the legislation which you know is very hot off the press. So clearly, we will generally refine that as we go through the quarters if we need to.
Brett Sandercock: Yes in terms of the non essentially I broke down to -- we were forecasting some repatriation which would typically have U.S. tax attributed to it under the new tax reforms which came into forth any repatriation we make is no longer taxed in U.S. So that does in fact impact is favorably FY '18 and that has lowered our tax rate on a non-GAAP basis not having to payback tax in the U.S.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, in the unlikely event it didn't go through then that would likely pull it back to closer, closer to the corner right, so we are saying second half. So yes more like that $0.15, $0.16, $0.17 are if it didn't go through or happen to be delayed or something like that. But I think that's a very low likelihood, I think that's going to parliament in February and I expect that to be passed.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, the top-line was that kind of grow that grow from a 11% to 13% so that couple percent benefit if you like with the strong euro year-on-year. The 50 basis points I mentioned was sequential that's coming through from Q1 to Q2 and if you look at the kind of Euro sequentially it was relatively flat but all the -- has been kicking up and then we have the impact of one quarter lag. So you've seen that appreciate over that time. That has driven that sequential impact for us.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes, thanks David. I think patient growth continues to be strong. Globally, as you know, sleep apnea is underdiagnosed and we are continuing to see increasing awareness in the markets and increasing patient setup. There is a little bit of cyclicality in the mask business especially in the U.S. because of the way deductibles, end of the calendar year and so we always get a little bit of pick up in masks, with some cyclicality, but the underlying growth in the market I think is driven by patient awareness, and obviously the economy has been a little bit stronger, so overall positive in both directions.
Jim Hollingshead: I think the only thing I would add to that is the reason there are two platforms is because Brightree Connect is really designed for our HME customers who are using Brightree as their billing platform and there's many thousands of those, there is also thousands of HMEs that's don't use Brightree as their billing platform and so the ResMed ReSupply platform is really designed to be agnostic of billing since it will be usable by HMEs who are on the Brightree billing platform. In that way the two offers effectively cover the entire market.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes, thanks Tom. I think the most remarkable thing about mask is the patient feedback we receive on it. It's an incredibly comfortable mask and the patient feedback is really almost overwhelmingly positive on it. From a funding perspective as we take it as our channel partners we're working with them for them to fully understand the replenishment cycle and what impact that might have depending on what insurance the patient has or what the funding situation is patient by patient. And so we haven't heard any real feedback, any real negative feedback from the market probably about the mask but it’s being put on patients who for whom it's appropriate given there in particular either health insurance situation or they're paying out of pocket or whatever.
