Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you, Diego. Good afternoon, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to ResMed's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. We appreciate you joining us, and I hope you all remain healthy and safe during these times.  This call is being webcast live and the replay, along with a copy of the earnings press release and our updated investor presentation, will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today.  Joining me on the call today to discuss our quarterly results from various remote locations across San Diego and Sydney are CEO, Mick Farrell; and CFO, Brett Sandercock; as well as other members of management who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. During today's call, we will discuss several non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of these measures, please review the notes to today's earnings press release.  And as a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results may differ, particularly in light of the highly uncertain global environment we are currently operating in and the effects of the COVID-19 coronavirus on our business. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements made today.  With that, I'd like to go ahead and now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Brett. Thanks, Mick. [Operator Instructions]. Diego, we're now ready for the Q&A portion.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Mick. Thank you all again for joining us today. And just a reminder, if you have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to me or to Investor Relations. And as previously mentioned, all the documents, along with the transcript and a replay will be available on our website later today. Thanks, Diego. You can now close the call.
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Lyanne. Thanks for the question. And yes, you're right. We had 2 separate metrics that we sort of laid out there. One that we sold an extra $35 million worth of ventilator in the quarter. Those were from our inventory and stuff that we produced in Q2 and some in Q3 and so that was a $35 million tailwind for our business, and we expect some of that certainly to continue as the surge continues worldwide into Q4. And then in addition to that, we tripled our production from a year ago, and we made over 52,000 noninvasive ventilators, bilevel devices and invasive ventilators.  So your question of, can we continue and/or increase the production capacity? And the answer is absolutely yes. We are constrained on some key components for the invasive ventilators. So the Astral and Stellar have some significant constraints in the components that go into those invasive ventilators of the Astral and Stellar type products. Well, Astral is an invasive ventilator and Stellar is actually noninvasive ventilator. But we really don't have significant constraints to the Lumis STA other than some components around the alarms module and the extra components and the AirCurve ST. So those noninvasive ventilators can scale to 5x or 10x, and we can really scale to whatever the demand is. And so then it comes down to our ability to predict hospital-by-hospital, customer-by-customer, what those surges in demand are going to be as the virus moves around the world and to make sure that ResMed is there, getting an order and making sure we can deliver those invasive ventilators, but really importantly, those noninvasive ventilators and alternative therapies that are also used in the different levels of acuity for a patient with COVID-19. So the answer in short is, absolutely. We did all we could, and we tripled production in the quarter, and we are looking to do that and more in Q4 to deliver for the needs that continue worldwide.
Michael Farrell: I am going to say, Lyanne, the audio wasn't fantastic during that, but I think I heard you say that how would we or how fast would we move from the sort of 3x increases to a 5x or 10x on AirCurve ST, that's going to be dependent upon our modeling of the different surges that happen city-by-city and country-by-country. And clearly, the masks are used far more rapidly because they are changed over pretty regularly certainly patient-to-patient, but often day-to-day with these non-vented ventilation masks. And so we expect the surge to continue and us to continue to be able to produce throughout Q4 and beyond for the needs as this goes -- as this virus goes around the world and continues to expand.
Michael Farrell: Yes, I've got to say, I can't -- I think I heard you say, can we increase the ventilation mask production? We've increased it tenfold, and we'll continue to do so. I think we should go to the next question. Sorry, Lyanne.
Michael Farrell: Thanks, Suraj. It's a great question. And as you know, you followed our stock for a long time. We look at a portfolio of investments to treat sleep apnea. And around 10 years ago, we actually invested in the 3D printing of a sleep apnea dental device called Narval, and that's now a great part of our portfolio and treats a great number of patients in France and across Northern Europe. The neurostimulation market is an interesting one and Nyxoah, we think, is a leader in that space, and we decided to make a minority equity investment in them. I'll actually hand over to Jim Hollingshead, who's the President of our Global Sleep business, to talk about how neurostim, dental, CPAP and how it all fits together.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. And yes, certainly, every country around the world is different. I presume you're asking about the U.S. payer mix, Chris? Maybe you're on mute, but I'll start with the U.S.
Michael Farrell: Okay. So obviously, we sell in 140 countries outside the U.S. and on the reimbursed part of our business, the non-SaaS part, it's close to that 60-40 range, 60% being within the U.S. and 40% being beyond that. And if you include SaaS businesses, it's more like 65% of our global business in the U.S. So I'll start with that. So we don't have contracts directly with payers, but our portfolio of home medical equipment customers do. And there's around 5,000 customers in the U.S home medical equipment providers, and their payer mix for the field of sleep apnea and COPD that we serve is around 20%, maybe 25% for some regions, Medicare; and around 75%, 80%, private pay.  And as we've seen through the COVID-19 crisis, we have seen ongoing payments from the -- both the government and private payers through to ResMed. We are carefully watching our accounts receivable. And as Brett said, we're carefully watching our cash flow to make sure that payers pay on time and with time, but we haven't seen any issues as yet. Clearly, unemployment has increased in the country from single digits to double digits through this crisis, and it's something that all companies are looking at very carefully. But we haven't seen any issues as yet, but we are watching the cash flow very carefully to make sure that we have continuing flow of capital and cash through our business.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. And certainly, there's -- it's quite interesting. As you know, you've followed us for a long time, too, Mike. Our installed base of CPAP patients, sleep apnea patients is a very strong part of our mask business. We're talking north of 80-plus percent of our masks sales across the U.S. are to that installed base, the diagnosed patient who loves their therapies, changed their life and they're going to go and reorder every time. I think the focus of COVID-19, and that it's a respiratory medical issue and that has raised the importance of making sure that your lungs are well taken care of and that you breathe well and your overall health is well, has increased people to make sure they get their prescriptions for everything, including heart attack. Post heart attack patients are getting more prescription pills. As I noted earlier, the Propeller side, COPD medicines and asthma medicines, we're seeing increased use of those in respiratory medical health.  And we've seen a similar thing, I think, in the CPAP mask side, where when you are capable of getting a mask, you are more likely to click, yes, I would like that. And we haven't seen any reduction in people saying, "Oh the co-pay is too high or I don't want to go there." We've seen actually the reverse where people are saying, "wow, it's been 90 days, I'm due for a therapy, for a CPAP mask, tubing, et cetera." And they're clicking yes, and they're getting those devices delivered to them. So very strong ballast in the boat for our HME customers. And the HME customers themselves are really focusing on this part of their business because it's a good opportunity for them. We think -- look, there will be some deceleration if there is some sort of that surge of the sort of the toilet paper model where I'm going to over inventory, you all going to make sure I've got enough masks. That might decelerate somewhat, but we don't think -- we think there's a lot of ballast in that. And people who are on CPAP therapy and loving the CPAP therapy are going to want to get new masks. And through COVID and beyond, the importance of respiratory medicine will only be increased because of this. So we think that part of that business is very steady through the crisis and even stronger beyond. I think it will change behaviors that will last well beyond COVID-19 surge.
Michael Farrell: Margaret, that's a great question. And yes, certainly, we did -- you heard correctly. We made 52,000 noninvasive ventilators and invasive ventilators. So that includes everything across the Astral, Stellar, Lumis, Flexo, GA and AirCurve, all those devices. So we included across all that group, 52,000, and they have very different pricing. But clearly, it's a lot more than just the $35 million of sales in that quarter. So we are prepared for demand ahead. The only thing I'm really willing to say on a public call like this is that we have a public capability with the U.S. government through HHS and FEMA of over $30 million contract. And so that's a fixed contract that we will fulfill, mostly in Astrals.  And -- but we have many other contracts with hospitals, states, governments, nations around the world. I'm not going to go in and quantify any of those. They're usually one to one directly to those countries and directly to those hospitals. But what I can tell you is all the demand that they have and all the supply that we have, our supplies just cannot keep up with the demand as it moves around the world. And so what we're doing is maximizing production in advance and then making sure we get through the peak and through the surge, but not have an over amount of inventory at the other side. And so we're carefully managing the peak, the surge, the flattening and then making sure we get back to normal COPD, neuromuscular disease, ALS and other sales with those ventilators because those patients will be there beyond. And that's how we're looking at it, Margaret. But yes, clearly, we are preparing for more sales in the future of those ventilators and ventilation masks. That -- those tailwinds will last through Q4 and likely beyond.
Michael Farrell: Yes, Steve, those are great questions. And I've had actually quite a lot of conference calls with the FDA commissioner, Hahn; and HHS secretary, Azar, during this crisis. ResMed was part of a Defense Production Act that was put in place by the White House to secure component supply for our ventilator so that we could supply HHS, FEMA and beyond. And so I had a lot of interaction there. Look, the FDA have really been a great partner through this process. They helped us get Emergency Use Authorization, EUA, for a number of our products to be used in different context. So for instance, our noninvasive ventilators, which were very scalable. And as we talked about, we made tens of thousands this quarter. We had doctors wanting to use them in various ways, invasive ways and others. And so the doctors needed an EUA to be able to do that, and they have got that. And the FDA were very quick to us and other manufacturers in providing those Emergency Use Authorizations.  Simultaneously, Secretary, Azar, over at Health and Human Services and CMS, they did take noninvasive ventilators out of competitive bidding around 2021, and that was a very good change for our HME customers. It really took a load off for them knowing that these NIV and ventilation businesses will be good ongoing concerns for them. So we saw a good partnership from both the FDA and HHS as part of this crisis. And HHS also worked with FEMA to make sure that we got the demand, and that was the $30-plus million contract I talked about to us, and there were 5 other manufacturers who got contracts as well. I think the government, not just in the U.S., but in all 100-plus countries that we're working with through this crisis, have done a great job in contacting us, working with us, helping us with supply chains and helping us with delivery of ventilators to people in the need for this crisis.
Michael Farrell: Yes. Look, it's a great question, David. And certainly, through this crisis, one of the leading countries early on this was the U.K. and the National Institute -- the National Health Service there, the NHS. And they created a protocol, which looked at the various acuity levels of COVID-19 patient because the disease -- the coronavirus gets into the lungs and then causes the COVID-19 disease, which is where mucus builds up as the alveoli react and try to fight off the virus, and it creates mucus in the lungs and builds it up. And so at different levels of buildup, different levels of acuity, different therapies are needed. And so the NHS created a very strong protocol of using both CPAP with some supplemental oxygen from the wall as well as bilevel therapy and then upgrading to more aggressive noninvasive ventilation therapy because bilevel is noninvasive positive pressure ventilation therapy. But then upgrading to higher levels of noninvasive ventilation therapy and even upgrading all the way to the full intubation through the trachea of invasive mechanical ventilation. And all those different modes can be moved up and down by the doctor as they move through the process.  Your question about -- and it was a big question and concern early on that, oh, gosh, what if we have some contagion that some of the COVID-19 will come out? Well, before you put on an invasive mechanical ventilator, if a patient coughs or sneezes, the room is already contaminated. So even with invasive inhalation, there are some contamination protocols. And so what you need is a COVID-19 ward, you need PPE for everybody and you need to establish this floor of the hospital is for COVID-19 with negative pressure and take care of it that way. And that's what they've done in the U.K.. And actually, that moved to different parts of New York, New Jersey. And as we see this go around the world, people are learning to do that. What you have is a non-vented mask, so a ventilation mask with an inlet and outlet and then a filter on the outlet of the device. And so our Chief Medical Officer, Carlos -- Dr. Carlos Nunez, has been working with key opinion leaders worldwide, and we have a clinical white paper with best practice from Wuhan, from Milan, from London, from Munich, but they're doing it really well in Germany and from New York and around the world. And that protocol does include CPAP, it does include bilevel, it does include noninvasive ventilation with positive pressure, all with specific masks and specific circuit set up all the way up to invasive mechanical ventilation.  Now the second part of your question, after the crisis will people continue to use more noninvasive ventilation? I think the answer is yes. I think it's going to be similar to digital health, where we've had to use home sleep apnea testing, you've had to use remote patient monitoring during this crisis. And you don't want to go to a patient's home. You don't want them to have to come to a hospital. And so that's driven digital health. I think people, doctors in critical care units have seen how noninvasive ventilation, including bilevel has very well treated patients with COVID-19, why can't it very well treat COPD patients? Well, guess what? It can. So I think the adoption of NIV will increase post COVID-19 because of the learnings during COVID-19. I can't quantify that exactly. It's more a medium, long-term thing. But anyway, I hope that answers your question, David. It's a very good one. It deserves a longer answer. And I know we're 10 minutes over, we might just take two more questions and let everyone get back to their work day, 3 more questions. Okay.
Michael Farrell: Sean, that's a great question. Not comfortable going into details of where the $35 million came from. That's sort of our global number. And it's truly an estimate. It's -- the vast majority of it is ventilation. And so it's Astrals, Stellars, Lumis, AirCurve ST types of products. I'll hand over to Brett Sandercock, our CFO, to see if he wants to provide any further detail on that $35 million.
Michael Farrell: Great. Well, thanks for all the questions, and thanks to everyone for continuing the 15 minutes over here. I think we'll all agree this was a very unique quarter for not just ResMed, but for all companies worldwide. Look, I'll go with the close now, I think, here and close on up. I'd like to thank again to all our shareholders who've joined us for this call. I'd also like to shout out again to the 7,500 Resmedians helping people in 140 countries. You guys are also shareholders in the most part, and I want to thank you for your dedication and hard work, helping people breathe better, sleep better and live better lives outside the hospital. Thanks for all that you do all day, every day. Thanks, especially to those frontline heroes, the people making the products, distributing the products and getting those vents to those 140 countries to somebody who's suffocating and needs our help. I look forward to talking to all of our stakeholders again here in 90 days. And with that, we'll close it up. Thank you, Diego.
James Hollingshead: Thanks, Mick. Just very briefly, since I know we're probably short on time now. The gold standard therapy for sleep apnea continues to be CPAP therapy. And that -- we think that will continue for the foreseeable future. We get a chance to see a wide range of technologies as they emerge. And we always look very carefully at anything we think is an alternative. And as Mick mentioned, we obviously have a fantastic oral device, which we sell in Europe very successfully. The Narval device, high-tech, 3D printed, very low volume of the mouth, very comfortable. We've looked at the neurostim space for quite a long time. There have been a number of companies that have tried to succeed in the neurostim space. We think Nyxoah has a novel offer and is potentially disruptive, but it's very early days. It's a minority investment in what's effectively a start-up company. So we like the technology. We like to play, but we'll have to see how it plays out.
James Hollingshead: Sure. Thanks, Mick. I think it's very difficult to quantify the effects and the balances of decline in in-lab testing and increase of home sleep testing in general. And it's very different country by country, both because of the timing of the pandemic and then how different health care systems are structured and so on. So trying to get a quantification, I think, is quite difficult. What we do know is we have seen some decline in in-lab testing. That's not a surprise. Health care systems around the world have shifted their focus to COVID-19. Many countries have gone in lockdown. Much of the U.S. has gone in lockdown. So we know that in-lab testing has declined and dipped.  We have some evidence to suggest it stabilized at a lower level. It's hard to know exactly what that level is, but we think it's potentially stabilized at this point. But in parallel, we also know there's been an increase in home sleep testing and remote testing. A number of the labs around the U.S. have increased their use of home sleep testing devices and routines. And where that's done in Europe and can be down in Europe, it continues to be done, and we think it will turn on faster in Europe. And then the final point of your question is what are we doing? We're actually working very hard to enable home sleep testing to figure out how to help our lab customers and our physician customers virtualize their model, not just to our device offerings, but through workflows, through webinars and trainings, and we're working hard to see if we can virtualize some of that with software, which will take a little bit more time. And we do think that a shift to home sleep testing is, which has been going on worldwide for years, will be accelerated by this.  And just as Mick said in his prepared comments, one of the things that we think will come out of the crisis generally for the sleep business is increased adoption of our already very broad offerings, virtualized care offerings. And so we think that will accelerate through the crisis and then have a new normal coming out of the crisis.
James Hollingshead: Yes. I'll just add quickly, Mick. Margaret, yes, there's a lot -- there's a meaningful amount that's in transit mode so to speak, as we're trying to get those into our DCs and then ultimately to customers. So there's that -- that impacts it as well. So -- but we'll continue to produce. And as Mick said, the demand is there. It's just a matter of getting it through the logistics.
James Hollingshead: Yes. Thanks, Mick. Thanks, Gretel. With a little bit of a lag, you can also see bit of a drop-off in new patient starts, which we have the ability through our connected solutions to see -- as I said before, I think we're seeing diagnosis stabilize a bit, and I expect some countries to start to turn back on in the near term. And we're seeing new patient starts also stabilize a bit. So hopefully, we'll -- hopefully, we get a bounce off of the floor here. It's very difficult to predict what that will look like. It will be different country-by-country and even metro area by metro area.
