Amy Wakeham - ResMed Inc.: Great. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us and welcome to ResMed's earnings call for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 ending June 30, 2018. This call is being webcast live and the replay along with a copy of the earning press release and our investor presentation will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Joining me on the call today to discuss our quarterly results are Mick Farrell, our CEO; and Brett Sandercock, our CFO. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion of the call following our prepared remarks. During our call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures, please see the notes to the financial statements in today's press release. And as a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, however, actual results may differ. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. I'd like to now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham - ResMed Inc.: Thanks, Brett. We will now turn to the Q&A. I'd like to remind everyone to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please feel free to get back into the queue. Tim, we are now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham - ResMed Inc.: Great. Thank you again for joining us today. If you have additional questions, please feel free to contact me directly. And as I said at the beginning of the call, the webcast replay along with our earnings release and updated investor presentation will be available on our website at investor.resmed.com. Tim, you may go ahead and close the call.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, absolutely, Saul. We talk about sort of the devices growing in the mid-single digits and the masks growing at the high single-digits. And so clearly, 13% constant currency growth of our masks and accessories business in the U.S., kind of Latin America being 12% on a constant currency basis, we clearly took some share. And you saw in our sort of organic growth within the Brightree business, that was also in parallel actually a 12% on our Software-as-a-Service business. And clearly, that does through Brightree resupply and Brightree connected ResMed resupply, there are some combinations that are driving our share growth through not only first time set up of these great new masks, the N20 and the F20, but also through those resupply programs. So there's a combination of both of them coming into play into that really solid 12% growth number in the U.S. and really good global growth of 13% constant currency as well.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes. So it was rolled out during the quarter. And as you know, Saul, our market is not uniform and so it's multiple contact points, over 3,000 contact points within just one geography, the U.S., and multiple in many of the markets that we go to through homecare providers. So it's account by account and doctor by doctor. They get to see it and start to write prescriptions for it and homecare providers start to adopt it. In our patient markets, like Australia and UK, you've got to get the word out and they've got a big social media drives and all that to get that technology there. But, look, I personally use one of these devices in QuietAir, the ability to have that level of noise reduction to well below the air conditioning – most QuietAir conditioning system in anyone's bedroom is incredible and a great advance. And I think this technology has lots more legs than just one quarter and we've got a lot of runway to go in QuietAir. But it was really just launched during this last quarter and so we've got a lot of runway ahead on that.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, Margaret, thanks for the question. Look, we had some really good growth in devices in Europe, Asia and our global markets, 6% on the constant currency basis and actually even better growth within U.S., Canada, Latin America of 9%. We had the benefits of the changes in reimbursements in both Japan and France, which are the sort of S curves of growth that we've been talking about over the last number of quarters and those Ss will start to taper off as we talked about, but those devices that are now set up are 100% cloud-connected. And if you go back to the study I referred to in the prepared remarks, if you have a resupply program and if a patient has cloud connectivity, you start to get adherence rates in 80% range, just in cloud-connected and using myAir. And then, you add on the resupply program, which leads to even greater adherence. That combination we think will be powerful to be able to drive long-term mask and accessory growth across that patient group. So if you like, getting a connected device in there is the gift that keeps on giving.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the follow-up, Margaret. Look, I think it's a combination of a little bit of all the above. If our devices are able to save you 50% labor cost on setting up the devices, it's really – you have Adam Smith's invisible hand helping you choose ResMed at the homecare provider level. And if you're a physician and writing prescriptions and you can do this AirView based management by exception and automated connectivity and follow-up with your patients through the Air Solutions platform and particularly through AirView, then you're going to write more prescriptions for our product. So it's both of the above. And look, I do think, to your third point, we are betting on the winners. The people that are adopting ResMed's cloud-connected devices are the ones that are taking share in their geographies, whether it's the Southeast in the United States or whether it's Western France, and now in Japan. And so, I don't think that this is the end of it. I think this is the start of it. And as we said in the prepared remarks as well, Margaret, we're not satisfied with the current market growth, particularly with these new prevalence numbers showing over 900 million people with sleep apnea. We think that our partnership with Alphabet and Verily, and our partnership with Pegasus Capital and Dr. Oz to just drive awareness of sleep and then specifically sleep apnea so that we get more patients into the diagnostic and therapeutic funnel is a strategic imperative for ResMed. And we're not going to accept not being able to drive that market growth rate up as well as continue to take share.
Michael J. Farrell: So, really, HEALTHCAREfirst, I mean, as Brett said, it was de minimus. I mean, we only really just closed it recently and so there was no sort of revenue impact in the numbers that we talked about in FY 2018. But as we look forward, and as Brett indicated in the prep remarks, it's about $30 million run rate trailing revenue in this business and we expect that to grow pretty fast. The home health and hospice sectors of out-of-hospital care are very fast growing. We've got an aging population. People want to age in place. They don't want to be in hospital. They don't want to be in an acute care setting. And so we're really seeing great growth – just secular growth within those two segments. And HEALTHCAREfirst has an excellent offering and Brightree home health and hospice has an excellent iPad app and capability and really user friendly for the home nurses and the folks that are walking around hospice agencies and traveling around to people's homes for the home nursing and home health. So we are really excited about the strategic combination of those two parts of our business and we have some really strong leadership that have experience at much larger companies within this space. And we're very excited about those sectors. So you're going to see ResMed invest for organic and inorganic growth across the out-of-hospital software part of our business.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David. And as you mentioned, there are a couple of competitors doing a variety of different go-to market models. Our goal is, we really like our U.S. homecare provider customers. The HME is a great customer base we partnered with for decades to help grow this market. And they have the best people to start working on reimbursement models and to understand Medicare reimbursement and private care reimbursement for POCs. And so we're really partnering with them on that. And we're also partnering with them on the best way to get the product to patients who want to pay cash. And so you'll see us work with the channel and help support them with many different models in this space. But rather than – because I'm sure our competitors will be reading this transcript or listening live to go into the details of that go-to-market model. I'll just say that our model is going to be more partnership with the channel than that what we're seeing, I think, from some others is competition with the channel. I just don't think that's a smart move. I think you want to partner and understand how you can grow as you have for a number of decades other parts of the business like our sleep apnea franchise that we've grown incredibly well with our U.S. HME partners and our French homecare providers, and our Japanese homecare providers and grow in those spaces. And so, obviously, every market in the world is different. We have different go-to-market models in Germany or Australia, New Zealand. But I think your question was about the U.S. market where our focus is partnership with the HME channel and helping both of us win. And additionally, really most importantly, helping that patient win and get access to ResMed's POC if they want to.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah, David. It's a good question. Let's talk about the resupply side of our business. In the U.S., every payer operates differently. There are some private payers that is two full mask systems per year, 10 or more cushions per year. There's some that are three full mask systems and even some that are four full masks systems. I think what it's really about is checking in with the patient because you want to make sure that that patient wants the new mask, is ready for a new mask and is engaged in this therapy. And, David, as you heard me say in the prep remarks, when you engage with the patient around a resupply program and you're checking with them, do you want to be email, do you want to be text, do you want to be a live call. And you ask them, how, when and where they want to find that out, and to what level do we partner with the channel to check on reimbursement and to help them provide shipping and follow-up care to that patient. We're seeing really good growth of that resupply business. So, look, it's a long-term play. I think you saw in the quarter really good mask growth from us not just in the U.S., but also in Europe. Every market is different. You actually find sometimes in patient pay markets like Australia, New Zealand, and Singapore, and UK, that patients are even more active in working with the adherence models because it's their own mask and they get to choose when they want it. But the really important thing is, ask the patient, get in touch with them, and we're seeing really good success as you saw in the quarter there.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. I'll hand the first part of question over to Brett, who will talk about the restructuring and then maybe, Brett, you can have a go with the operating leverage and hand back to me or anyone else in the team you think appropriate.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David. And we did flag this last quarter when we saw pretty strong outside U.S. device growth in that high single, low double digits last quarter. And what we said was that some of the step-up like in Japan, where it's a fleet sale to Japanese home care providers based upon that telemonitoring chain that it would be sort of a one to one and a half quarter effect. And so, I think you're seeing that Japan – in and Japan out element from Q3 to Q4. But, look, 6% growth in devices in Europe, Asia and around the world is a really solid number. I mean you're talking mid- to single digits growth globally in that space normally and ResMed grew at 8%, so well above global market growth. And as we said we had a little bit of benefit additionally in France, but most of that is starting go away and we're starting to get back towards those organic growth rates in Europe, Asia and others. So I think it's a natural return to market growth and then some additional market share taking for those who still are switching over to the cloud-connected devices in France and to a much lesser extent in Japan. But, look, the real benefit, as I was alluding to in one of the earlier questions, is not just selling that one device and then resupplying that every three or five years based on patient upgrade or warranty models. It's really around the fact that a patient now on a cloud-connected device in a region where cloud connectivity is used a lot, like France, Japan and obviously, the U.S., is something that starts to drive really strong and sustainable mask and accessory resupply. And so that's really the benefit that we're sort of highlighting with these great telemonitoring tools. Yes, there's some great one to two quarter benefits in device sales, but most importantly, it's a patient whose life has changed. And therefore, when you ask them, text them, call them, do you want a new mask three months or four months or six months later, they say, yes, because you're contacting them the way they wanted and how they wanted and they're getting part of that resupply program. So it's good for everyone, then the payer because patients go in hospital, the patient because they're getting great care, and the provider because they're able to provide that extra mask and obviously for ResMed.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. So, Sean, look, there's a portfolio of offerings in resupply. Within the Brightree Core, we had Brightree Connect and then we had our ResMed ReSupply model and then we had added onto that, which are both sort of automated, if you like, cloud-based AI type algorithms, ML type algorithms to contact patients. In addition, we added AllCall Connect, which is live humans as well as automated levels. And so, now we've got a portfolio of live and automated calling for people. And I'll go back to my comments a little earlier that it's really about finding the best solution for a patient as they need it. And AllCall is really just part of that portfolio. We don't break out how much is from the Brightree, how much is from the ResMed, which is for users of ResMed beyond just Brightree users, and how much is part of the AllCall. But what I can tell you is they're really well-coordinated on the back end and there's a skin, so it's pretty much invisible to the frontend users and patients won't actually know what back end system they're using. The others say, wow, ResMed is reaching out to me or we may even do it on behalf of DME A or B (00:56:01) and reach out to the patient. So, really, we're seeing a good growth across the portfolio of those.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. John, we don't go into that much detail on it. Jim, who runs our global sleep business probably has a little more color that he can provide qualitatively. We're not sort of going to breakout per user per month type growth that we have as customers grow and/or take share and/or acquire other customers. But, Jim, do you want to provide any further color on Brightree and how we achieved those strong 12% growth numbers in the quarter.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Look, I just want to do some – I actually don't know if that study does break it out. And if so, we're really happy to share that with you, John. But what doctors call mild is an AHI or suffocation index of 5 to 14. So with 14, that's approximately just over every four minutes of sleep that you suffocate for 10-plus, minimum of 10 seconds. Every four minutes of sleep, 10 seconds suffocation, that's called mild. And if you talk about moderate, what doctors call moderate sleep apnea, which is an AHI of 15 to 30, and you're pushing 30, that's every two minutes now, you're suffocating for 10 seconds or more. That's called moderate. So, I think there's a difference between what doctors call moderate sleep apnea. And if you talk to a patient, say, hey, you're suffocating every two minutes, but don't worry, your doctor says that's moderate, but you're suffocating for every four minutes, but don't worry, your doctor says that's mild. This is what it is. To be called severe, you have to suffocate every – less than every 120 seconds of sleep for more than 10 seconds. You're starting to get close to 10% of your time in suffocation mode. So I don't know, look, I'm a mild sleep apnea sufferer and I use this device. Obviously, I'm passionate it as CEO of the company. But many people with mild sleep apnea are seeking treatment and don't want to suffocate. You don't wait till you really overweight before you start exercising, why would you wait until your suffocation index is every 110 seconds. But anyway, I'll hand over to Rob, if he wants to handle any further information about the severe element of that study.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. We don't get into details on ASP, but it was pretty steady changes globally, Andrew. So, nothing really different from the last eight to 12 quarters we've been talking about this.
Michael J. Farrell: No, look, we've been going through a lot of details about U.S. reimbursement, how – actually, there were some really good news on the competitive bidding front in terms of where they came to in this quarter. So I think we're seeing pretty steady levels of ASPs in terms of those decline rates being steady over the last eight, 12 quarters. There's really nothing dramatic happening there.
Michael J. Farrell: Yeah. Look, I'm here over with the European team and I got to tell you, there's a lot of passion for our 3D printed medical device there with the Narval. I mean it's just a fantastic mandibular repositioning device and the reimbursement actually increased by over 30% in France with some recent changes for Narval. And it's a really well-run operation We have the 3D printers in Lyon. We have incredibly strong sales team and really aware sleep and dental sleep specialists and good relationships between the pulmonary and dental sleep medicine specialists. So, yeah, we are seeing strong growth. We don't break that out, obviously, by the numbers there, Andrew, but if you're doing your channel checks, I think you'll find that ResMed is not only the number one supplier of CPAP, APAP and bilevel for sleep apnea. They're also the number one supplier of MRDs for treatment of sleep apnea within France.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yeah. Sure, Mick, thank you. Anthony, we've got – I mean we've made a couple of tiny acquisitions over FY 2018. So in terms of group results, it was really pretty much de minimis in terms of their contribution. It's pretty much organic growth that you're seeing.
Brett A. Sandercock: Sure. Thanks, Mick. Yeah, Dave, we – I mean, we've got – that's sort of like the global restructure was in Q3 and we did flag up that we'd have this final charge coming through into Q4. So that's essentially that one that's completed. And then, probably you sort of see some of that benefit from the Q3 restructuring, I guess, coming through. But that was really around strategically looking at kind of where we wanted to balance resources and so on, what we felt we needed to invest in. So it's a much broader picture in terms of what we're trying to do. If you look at the kind of operating leverage, we're pretty committed on that and we're really looking to see how we can do things smarter, or how we can do them differently. And then, really, looking at how can we achieve scale, and then as we grow revenues, grow SG&A at a lower clip than that. So there's a lot we're doing there, a lot we're doing around business excellence program and things like that. We're really trying to make sure that we're operating as efficiently as we can. But I don't want you to feel – we're really cognizant that we'll be continuing to invest for the long-term sustainable growth in the business, so we won't back off that whatsoever. We do think we can manage in terms of efficiencies and scale and then kind of how we deliver particularly around kind of back office, if you like. So we're continuing that program, but the aim is to support the long-term sustainable growth.
Brett A. Sandercock: No, we closed that sales (00:56:29) in the quarter and, Sean, I think, it was on 9th of July. So just had it for three weeks. So, certainly no impact in Q4, but obviously that's a – we think it's a really good growth area. So we've got good expectations at both the Brightree and the HEALTHCAREfirst offerings in that space.
