Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Kevin, and hi, everyone. Welcome to ResMed’s second quarter of fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. We thank you for joining us. This call is being webcast live, and the replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today, along with a copy of the earnings press release and presentation, which are both available now. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Mick Farrell; and Chief Financial Officer, Brett Sandercock. During the Q&A portion of our call, Mick and Brett will be joined by Rob Douglas, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jim Hollingshead, our President-Sleep and Respiratory Care; and David Pendarvis, our Chief Administrative Officer and Global General Counsel. As a reminder, on today's call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures, please review the notes in today's earnings press release or the appendix of the earnings presentation. Our discussion today may also include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about ResMed’s future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results may differ. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements that are made today. I'll now turn the call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Brett, and thanks, Mick. Kevin, let's go ahead and now turn the call over to you to provide instructions and then run the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Mick. And to echo Mick's comments, thank you everyone for sticking with us extra 15 minutes. That enabled us to get through everybody in the call to queue. We do appreciate your interest in your time, and if you have any follow-up questions or additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to us directly. This does conclude our second quarter 2022 call. Kevin, I'll turn it back to you to close things out.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, it's a good question, Chris. I'm actually precisely where I was in October that, you know, I think we said in October it's going to be tough in December, it's going to be tough in March and really start to open up in June and then as we go out throughout the calendar year. So, I stand by that and I stand as Brett said earlier, looking at fiscal 2022 the $300 million to $350 million of incremental product. Look at the December quarter, 16% growth year-on-year in devices amongst a global supply chain crisis, COVID-19 recovery, all the challenges that are here. That’s really strong. But we’re going to get stronger than that as we go throughout the fiscal and as we go throughout the calendar year. This seemingly infinite demand is going to be with us for the whole of this calendar year and potentially beyond that. And so we – all the projects that Rob talked about, if the starting gun went off sort of June 14, when the competitor put this recall notice in field safety, notices globally out, our team have done a pretty darn good job getting to 16% year-on-year in this crisis on the December quarter. I think it will get – as I said in October, I think it will get better in March and then December and significantly better in June and then really start to free up as we hit September and December. And with almost infinite demand, you never quite catch up to that. But we're going to get faster and faster and grow more year-on-year as we go throughout the calendar year.
Mick Farrell: Craig, it's a pertinent question but it's one we don't feel comfortable going into the details of. What I can tell you as an equal one personal user of this AirSense 11 platform is that the delivery is smaller, quieter, more comfortable, more connected. My wife actually asked me if it was on when I turned it on, it is that much smaller, quieter and better than our last generation already the leading platform. So, what I can tell you is it is taking off every single AirSense 11 we can make is sold that day. It comes out of the factory, it's already pre-sold and they are moving fast. And so it is increasing as a portion of our US sales. For competitive reasons we're not going to split out how quickly that S curve is coming up. But the points I made in the prep remarks are really strong. The AirSense 10 on its own is the second best product in the market after only the AirSense 11. So it is already there and every AirSense 10 we can get component for and then put through the production line get sold as well. So we’re selling both in parallel and customers are demanding both and we'll take both over any of the competition. And so we're driving those out there. We're driving great growth of both and we will do throughout all calendar year 2022 as Philips recall will last at least that long in their update just this week. And so, you know, 90 days ago it was 12 months ending in September. We were ready for that scenario. They'll come back in September and get our great mask uptake as Jim was saying earlier. We're now ready for their new scenario which is December and we're ready to expand our components and our share on the device side and driving as much as that demand as is possible. So, we're ready for all the scenarios of all the above. But yeah, we're not going for all the scenarios that will be involved. But, yeah, we’re not going to break down the exact AirSense 11 versus AirSense 10. I can tell you it’s growing extraordinarily fast. The S-curve uptake is great, and patients are loving it. So, throughout calendar year, we will introduce it to other countries around the world, and we expect the same sort of level of uptake in those other countries.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, Andrew, great three-part question. I'll start with it, and then maybe, Rob, you can cover anything I missed of Andrew's components there. But, look, yeah, the starting gun went on this project in April when they said there was a quality issue, June when they said there was a recall. We were already ready for the supply chain shortages that COVID-19 would drive, and if this recall from our competitor hadn't happened, we would be able to meet all the existing demand. As you saw, we grew 16% year-on-year in this quarter, and that would have been great growth, taking some good share in the core competitive market. But with that starting gun going off in June, we did start those reengineering projects. We said, look, we are not going to be able to just go back and ask for more supply. We know the supply chain constraints. We know the automotive industry, cellular comms, and others are all screaming for more products, too. And so we started those reengineering of components and parts. We started also reengineering these Six Sigma Black Belts, looking at our supply chain and analyzing different suppliers and revalidating and assuring that we could get them there. And so there's a bunch of projects going on. I run out of fingers looking at them. But when I look at that portfolio, it gives me strong confidence to say, we saw some good – some of them come to fruition in December some more in March. But in the June quarter, I think a bunch of these projects will free up supply and then you hit September and December and the portfolio projects that are going to get to market in terms of the new supply, a new piece and new redesign will get there. And that's what gives us that confidence in that, that recovery and the amount of share we're going to take through 2022. Rob, what did I miss there? Maybe just going to some of the sort of the reengineering processes. As you know these – Andrew, these products have hundreds of components in them. And if you're missing one, you can't build any of the products. So you'll actually see us as we build buffers around all of this, we will see our inventory levels of materials go up as we build buffers of these alternatives. Now some of the components they're easy to have as alternatives. You've got to revalidate them. And in the medical device world, you've got to have very rigorous revalidation alternate components. And that's often a lot of the engineering work. But some of the other components like the microcontrollers and things like that, they are a lot more complex. They interact with the embedded software on the systems, all of that type of thing, the design and validation processes for those are more complex and do take more time. We've got projects across all of those areas going on there. And as we make these alternatives, then we're scheduling, the longer term commitments, the relationships with the suppliers, building the inventories and making sure we have options. That said, keep coming back to the sector is a very variable situation. And just when you think you've got everything right, then you start seeing the other components be challenges. So I think as I said earlier, you have to be really agile and keep competing on – keep running really fast to track these issues.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, John it's a very complex question because as you know, we operate in 140 countries and all the different Greek letter variants of COVID flow through those 140 countries at different rates. One great thing because we have strong visibility and awareness into this as we talk to the pulmonary and critical care physicians and we watch hospitalization rates and ventilation usage rates and ICU usage rates as each variant seems to be – although more and more communicable less and less severe and the impact in terms of hospitalizations, severe need for ventilatory help and death. And so the work that we did in 2020 and 2021 establishing these digital protocols, home sleep apnea, testing protocols that pulmonary doctors who previously hadn't done telehealth visits are now doing them. Doctors who weren't embracing ApneaLink Air or some of the NOX digital diagnostics components have embraced them throughout 2020 out of necessity and then 2021 out of scale. So as we enter 2022 here, we're feeling very comfortable across those 140 countries. I gave you in prep remarks the sort of wide band, right? 85% to 100% of pre-COVID patient flow, depending on the country, the city, the location. There are some as I said in the prep remarks, there are some locations that are above 100%. And I won't go into detail -- North Rhine-Westphalia this quarter of Bavaria, Southern France, Southeast of the US this quarter, what we're seeing is as variants come down, those protocols go. We're hitting those – if you take 2019 as the base year, we're hitting those 100% triple digit rates in some locations. And so gives us a lot of confidence because we’re – the beauty of, the beauty is we're in all 140 countries. So that portfolio, I feel every 90 days, we’re seeing positive movement. Even though a particular location might go back two steps and one might go forward three steps, on aggregate, we’re seeing sort of one step forward for ResMed as we look across that portfolio every 90 days. That's why we're able to see this great, strong 16% device growth across our region. It's not only share-taking. There's some good flow of patients coming through. What worries me a little bit, John, is actually some of the backlog that might be happening in the system due to our competitor just not being in the market for 18 months, right? In aggregate, according to their call this week, it would be 18 months from June 2021 through to December 2022. That backlog of patients, we can't get them all, right? We're ramping up, as Rob said, doing everything we can to ramp up. We're not going to get them all. And so that backlog of patients, even when our competitor comes back, is going to have to flow through the system. So this is not just an effect that's over the day our competitor is back. There's going to be a number of quarters where ResMed is going to grow, take share, and deal with this flow of patients through there. So although we're pushing very strong around our long-term demand gen, we're not turning up the dials yet on driving the top of the funnel because, frankly, the top of the funnel is full and growing and will do for the next 12 months.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Actually, as I was saying earlier, we've actually had to greatly extend our forecast lead times for it to get the supply commitments that we want, actually multi-year. So at that level, we have a long, long view. The year – our cycle times are actually pretty short. The longest part of our cycle time and variable part of it is freight. And so, a lot of the challenges of forecasting sales on a weekly basis is what's happening to any freight that's stuck off Los Angeles or something like that. Now, we can mitigate that at a cost with air freight, and we do that, but we certainly can't do a 100% on freight. And so we're trying to balance up those sort of freight demands and that does create a variability. So the hardest thing for predicting what's going to – what we're forecasting over the next couple of weeks is actually those freight deliveries. Our internal systems around delivering them out of our warehouses are extremely slick and really run well, and we've got great teams in those warehouses. Our factory capacity, we typically run a policy of having significant burst capacity in these factories. And as we've said before, we’ve just invested in a major new factory in Tuas in Singapore. We're – out of that factory, we would normally have the capacity to meet all of the industry demand. So we can actually push stuff through that system really quickly. The key issue is that variability and the propensity of the suppliers to meet their commitments. Now, they'll do everything they can to meet their commitments. But actually, some of those freight issues, they have the same issues. They have the same issues of allocation from their suppliers. And so we have to manage all the way through all of those layers to get there. So it's a long answer. But really, the main factor is the suppliers and the short-term variability of freight.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks, Lyanne. It's a good question. And traditionally we don't talk much about price at all. But one thing I will say is that we announced it in our prep remarks – my prep remarks here today that we have a surcharge now on all ResMed devices. There are such as with exactly with the last question from Sol [ph] where Rob was showing that increased air freight and sea freight costs of 5X or 10X what they were, air freight was always a significant factor of above sea freight and it's got more expensive too and so all of that has meant that we had to provide that surcharge to our patients. So we haven't done a price increase as some of our competitors have to the customers but we have put a − we have put a surcharge on devices starting in January. Our customers have accepted it. I mean, you know, the people running these companies go to a supermarket and see the price of milk or the price of whatever commodities that they're purchasing in their daily lives going up in price. And so a surcharge from us given the nature of this has made sense to them. And so, you know, your question was what's the levels of price discounting? There is no product discounting right now. In fact, we're taking away some of the early pay and some of the other factors that were there that were non price related but the impact is sort of cash flow there because it's very important in an environment like this to make sure that the costs are shared in a fair and equal way through the supply chain and we're doing that through a surcharge. But as I see it, you know, the mix side, the second part of your question. We're following our guiding principle on allocation here. If we have limited chips and parts and pieces, we will make an Astral before [ph] before an echo of STA and ST and ASP and so on down to an APAP and CPAP. And so the mix, you know, can lead to some sort of ASP mix increases on that but any individual like-for-like product we’re keeping the prices where they are because we're in a steady, reimbursed environment, our customers we have relationships going back decades. We want them for decades for the future and we really value those relationships. And so we're really focused on this sort of temporary surcharges is going to be associated with those increased costs we have and any impact on ASP is really around mix towards those higher acuity products.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Thanks. Steve. Now, let me try to unpack that a little bit here. On the gross margin, if you look at it year-on-year-year, pretty big decline and really freight was the big one and logistics costs. Some component cost increases coming in and also manufacturing because they really had to optimize on the manufacturing front. At the moment, we were just trying to make sure we can really maximize output rather than efficiencies. So that's playing out that played out year-on-year-year. If you look at it sequentially, not in quite good shape, a little bit of an increase there sequentially actually. If you go forward, we're still going to have freight and logistics costs coming through. I mean, that's still going to be, I think, a headwind for I think for the rest of this calendar. FX probably relatively neutral as we look forward and I think ASP declines won't –we've typically had that but I don’t think we’ll see that going forward. We have the surcharge. It’s only a small surcharge. And we're only – we're not recovering anywhere near our increasing cost there but we're – as Mick said we're looking to share that. So they're kind of – they're still with us. There are some headwinds there. We've got AirSense11 coming through, which is at a price premium but that's only in the US market at the moment. But taking the medium term view, that'll be supportive. But the other one to call out is as particularly in Q4, as we increase the output or the volumes from the supply constraints easing and we'll have higher revenue there. But in a relative sense, it'll be more of the kind of lower acuity in terms of that mix. So that one will be a little bit of a headwind, so the product mix won't be as beneficial as it has been. So there’s puts and takes there. But that's how kind of how see it at the moment.
Mick Farrell: Yes, David. It’s a really pertinent question. And I feel very confident. And we've watched it. Before this recall was announced, through to June 2021, we saw great adoption for 18 months of all the digital solutions from doctors getting involved in telehealth to the adoption of identification, engagement, enrollment and diagnostic systems on a digital basis. In countries where, like in Germany, where it would obviously be interesting was less than 10% of the total diagnoses in 2019. It went to huge double digits throughout 2020 10% of the total diagnosis in 2019, it went to huge double digits throughout 2020, and it stayed quite high despite the reopening with COVID-cleaning particles of sleep labs throughout Germany. And so, I think as you look an aggregate, David, that adoption that happened in the last two years will be a huge impact, permanent adoption of digital health screening tools. And as Jim said, as we open up new channels, we're going to roll that digital end-to-end solution through multiple new funnels to get patients into the funnel through the early partnership with Prim [ph] through our CVS partnership. And they're the two public ones in the US, but we're doing, as Jim said, stuff in the other 140 countries that are more a partnership basis partnership basis with the UK government, with the NHS. Some great information from our UK team I was looking at over the last week, incredible work in our Northern Europe team. Our Western European team, the partnership with the French government. I talked about the ALASKA study that's just the peer reviewed, published evidence that's out there. We're doing stuff on the ground that we're not talking about publicly, but it has incredible adoption of digital health technologies in conjunction with the French Social Security system, supporting that through high reimbursement of cloud connected CPaaP versus non-cloud connected CPaaP. Because they see the results, they see high adherence, they see better outcomes, they see lower costs, not only death rate, lower death rate of those we'll see proper but lower hospitalization, so it saves lives and saves money. So, David, it's a permanent adoption. I think it will improve our efficiency as an industry, as we get into 2022, 2023 here and beyond.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, Margaret it's a great question and I'm not going to get into sort of the detailed breakdown of the $350 million through the fiscal year. But as you said, look at it is, back end loaded in terms of Q4 is going to be the lion's share of that, of that because all the projects that Rob talked about earlier will come to fruition in June, September and December. And so the only guidance I think I've given in the last nine years as CEO was around this $350 million on the revenue side there for fiscal 2022. So I'm not going to go into 2023. We did that because the models were quite wide there on the benefit from this recall on the sell side for as low as $50 million to as high as $950 million. So we wanted to right set it at $300 million to $350 million. We're still comfortable with that for fiscal 2022. But as you look for fiscal 2023, look, I do think that the share that we're taking this year will be long term sustainable share. When we go in and take share, we don't just go into a competitive account and say, great, here's your product, good. We work with people who are adopting existing relationships with people who are adopting Maya for their patients, getting that 60%, 70% uptake that we've seen with AirSense 11. They're working with AirView. All their physicians are on the cloud platform, getting that efficiency. They’re using Brightree and they're partnering up in the United States and beyond. So that digital end to end, it becomes a very sticky platform because the value is so strong. They lower their labor costs by 50%, setting up the device, they improve adherence to 87% for their patients and their physicians and it becomes permanent. So I do think that the share we're taking will be long term sustainable. do think that the share we're taking will be long-term sustainable. When our competitor comes back, they're going to have to go after the low-priced people first that don't have all that digitally end to end. When they try to come after us, we're going to be so far ahead with 18 months’ worth of digital health innovation and all the work that we're doing to partner with physicians, patients, and providers. I look forward to it. We were winning this football game before we got the penalty kick. It's like we were the Kansas City Chiefs and we were up 42 to 0, and then we got a penalty kick, and then we're up 45 to 0. It doesn't – we didn't need the penalty kick to get there, so I still think we'll win on the other side of this. But having said that, we're not going to give guidance around 2023, but everyone will have their models. I think that certainly with that competitor being out for the calendar year, we're going to take incredible share this calendar year. I think as they come back, the nine brand will be different. They'll have to start from the ground up and we'll have a strong lead as we go through fiscal 2023 and beyond. The most important thing, we're not really looking back at our competition. We're looking forward as we're talking about it, Jim and I've been talking about it. It's about the digital health solutions getting patients into the funnel and finding new ways to get the 1 billion people worldwide who have sleep suffocation into the funnel and 80% to 90% of them are undiagnosed. That's what we're laser focused on.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, thanks for your question, Michael. And it speaks to substitute therapies, which is something we look at very carefully because ResMed stands for respiratory medicine not CPAP manufacturer, right. And so we've been in alternative therapies for the sleep apnea therapy for decades. We have a dental 3-D printed dental device called Narval we’re the number one provider of dental sleep apnea therapy in Western Europe, Northern Europe and many other countries around the world. And we've invested in the technology in this space of the company you mentioned, Inspire. Hypoglossal nerve stimulation is the category. We invested in a company called Nyxoah, N-Y-X-O-A-H, which is actually now listed on Nasdaq and on a European exchange, and they're in PMA trials here in the United States and an MDR work in Europe. And so that product will come to market in this segment. Look, yeah, we've seen some people do DTC advertising in this space. There was an oxygen delivery company that had a guy from Star Trek for a while. I think these things of demand gen in the old-school way is not the future for us. We're focused on social media. Our partnership with Google and Verily is around people typing in, my husband snores, I snore, and getting through a digital end-to-end pathway to identify, engage, and enroll people through. And we haven't really gone old-school media with demand gen, and we certainly don't need it in calendar 2022. To your point, you can't change – you can market however you want the industry, but you can't change clinical and economic realities. CPAP is the most economical and best noninvasive way to treat sleep apnea, period. Now, we make a sleep apnea device and a dental device, and we’re invested in hypoglossal nerve stim. I say that on the clinical and economic reality. Talk to any pulmonary person. Even an ENT surgeon will say, no, you have to try CPAP. You have to try dental, and then you'll try the hypoglossal nerve stim. ResMed is going to be involved in all three categories. I think they'll all be valid. But I think they should be known. He’s primary, he’s secondary, and he’s tertiary. And the economic reality is clear. You can Google the price. It's probably gone up a little on sleepapnea.com for a CPAP from those providers or EasyBreathe.com. They're probably $500 for the device, and trailing is, what, $100 on a mask every year. Compare that to a $25,000 surgery. I don't care what your high deductible health plan and health savings account is in the US. That's a lot of money for the individual and a boatload for the health system. So there'll be some economic realities of payers doing care management around this as it grows. Good category, long term. My opinion on the – that is any talk including the Wall Street Journal article this morning around 1 billion suffocating, 80%, 90% obviously that beyond diagnosed, any news about sleep apnea, sleep suffocation is good for ResMed and its demand gen. I preferred in 2023 than 2022 because we’ve got enough demand to keep us going for 12 months. We’ll be turning the knobs on our social media, our digital and our brick-and-mortar demand gen in 2023.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, Mike. Thanks. And we may not have time for your follow-up given we’re 15 minutes over already. But, look, the surcharge, uncomfortable, I think there was a sell-side note that was public at around this. We – it's a $12 surcharge in the US and a €12 surcharge in Europe. And it's basically on all devices. It's not applying on the mask side. So that's the answer to those. To the question of how long will this last, obviously, we're in discussions with customers around the world. If you look at Rob's answer to the question or if you're reading the transcript, further up that transcript, it's a complex issue around sea freight, air freight, component costs, semiconductor, microchips, and we don't know how long those freight costs will be high. Those component costs will be high. So I will say the surcharge will be there as long as those are there. It's temporary, but it's as long as those are there. And you know, I think you've got many other stocks in your portfolio where they're talking, they are the semiconductor manufacturer or the others who give you further detail on how long they think they will have supply chain constraints and therefore higher costs to pass-through their customers. So that's – that'd be the way I'd answer your two questions, Mike. Thank you for bringing those through and thank you to everyone for staying an extra 15 minutes. There's a lot to go on this quarter. Look, thanks to all of our shareholders for joining us on the call. I’d once again, I'd like to take the opportunity for the 8,000 ResMedians, many of whom are also shareholders who listen in here for your dedication and hard work, helping people breathe better, sleep better, live better lives outside the hospital in 140 countries. Thanks for all that you do today and every day. Thanks for surviving this COVIDness and the Zoom calls, and all the craziness. Thanks also to our frontline heroes who aren't on Zoom calls. They're doing patient care, technical care sales teams, visiting customers every day. I'd also like a special call out to the frontline supply chain team, management, procurement, distribution and our digital health teams working around the clock to keep up with every new launch of myAir, AirView, and Brightree, and MatrixCare. So thank you all. I look forward to talking to you all again in 90 days. Thank you. I'll hand you to Amy to close us out.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah. The only thing I would add to what Nick said is that our Astrals product is performing really well in the market. It's got very sophisticated algorithms that can treat a wide range of patients, and demand for it has been really strong. And so, in general, the Astrals have been very well accepted and some of the algorithms we've added over the last several months have driven demand upward. It's also benefiting from the for what is for us to tailwind from the Philips recall. And so, there's a bit of incremental demand for Astral in that context as well.
Jim Hollingshead: I think the mix just listed a couple of tailwinds are related to, I do think patients have changed their behavior in the context of COVID and are much more keen to get clean, refreshed consumables and their experience. And I think our customers worldwide have gotten better at providing that and the US market in particular, there's a very strong push on resupply and has been for months. And so that's, that's a tailwind. There's always a Q2 cyclicality tailwind because of deductibles. So that's a normal cyclical thing but the other thing I think is really important to point out is that our mask portfolio is performing really, really well. We have the – we do have the widest range of masks available to fit really almost any patient experience. We continue to take share, I think, which is a really important dynamic for us. So not massive shocking movement but incrementally, we continue to take a bit of share over the last two or three quarters, we've taken, we've taken sequential share and so that's been really good. The only headwind on mask is the filter recall, because the filter recall is dampening new patient starts. And so that's, that's a tiny headwind against four or five tailwinds that we've just listed and we feel really confident about our mask portfolio going forward.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah, Gretel, I guess I would, I would just add a couple of things. The first one is we're working really hard with our channel partners to understand the dynamic of patient wait lists and working really hard with physicians on that. And so, we’re – as you know we're prioritizing higher acuity patients, higher acuity conditions with our with our production. But we know that there are kind of straight OSA patients out there, they're facing longer waitlists and we're working with our customers to try to reduce those wait times and to better manage an understanding of when we can deliver product to which customers are so. So that's just sort of a general thing we're trying to do. I think the other thing that will help us to drive growth on an ongoing basis is we're working right now on programs that will allow us to capture patients who may be faced a long waitlist. And I don't want to go to great detail on that but our marketing teams in our main countries are working on those programs right now. And as we have more supply, we feel pretty confident we'll be able to run programs that will be able to reengage patients that maybe have, they're tired of waiting or something like that. So we think we'll be able to capture a big, big part of that backlog, which there is a backlog and we think there'll be an even bigger backlog, which I – if there is a backlog and we think there'll be an even bigger backlog as that goes forward. And the last thing I would add is, we're pretty active in developing new channels. And so, those are those are new and growing areas for us. But if you think about something like CVS Health hubs, there's a new channel that that continues to grow, CVS continues to invest there. That's a new way for patients to be reminded that they were diagnosed with OSA or to be reminded that they might need resupply. And CBS is just one example where we're working in new channels. We're doing that not just in the US, but in multiple markets around the world. So we're going to expand the ability to reach of different channels for patients to get treated. And we'll be – we're accelerating those now. We'll be accelerating those programs even more as production comes up to higher volumes and we're able to treat more patients.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah. Thanks. Just a couple of things. I mean, first thing I’d said, we're not making the decision about the patients. It's the provider that's making the decision about the patients. But we're driving our production mix for higher acuity so that we can able providers to meet the needs of the higher acuity patients first. That’s the first thing I would say. Second thing, just as a reminder, I think we mentioned this. I think we mentioned it today, but we've certainly talked about this on previous calls. The way we're prioritizing product allocation is higher acuity patients, but we're also prioritizing, effectively prioritizing existing ResMed customer volumes, right? And that's a very explicit decision, right, because we could have said the alternative. We could have said we're going to take this opportunity to go take accounts that have favored Philips historically. But in fact, what we've done is we've done all of our allocations of product based upon the history we have with our customers. And the fact that that means is that its customers who are – have been more adopted of ResMed products who are getting more volume from us, right? And one of the opportunities for us as our volumes build, it’s actually once we’ve met the demand with those customers they actually take competitive share and in accounts that might have trended more towards Phillips historically. So that’s and we have some questions on growth next year, I think that’s a big opportunity for us for growth next year. And then the third thing on your question is it’s always been the case that providers will mix and match one manufacturer’s mask with one manufacturer’s device or whatever. There's a little bit more of a tie to the device and the tube if it's a heated tube because those are lock and key, you know, are heated to work with our devices and not with others. But we have higher share. We have a higher attach rate for all the consumables in the market than our competitors do. So when there's mixing and matching, it's almost always to our benefit.
