Brett Sandercock: Great. Thanks, Mick. Revenue for the March quarter was $397.8 million, an increase of 4% over the prior year quarter, in constant currency terms, revenue increased by 3%. Income from operations for the quarter was $104.7 million, an increase of 9% over the prior year quarter and net income for the quarter was $90 million, an increase of 6% over the prior year quarter. Diluted earnings per share were $0.63 for the quarter, an increase of 9% over the prior year quarter. Gross margin for the March quarter was 63.3%, an increase of 90 basis points compared to Q3 FY13. On a year-on-year basis, our gross margin benefited from manufacturing improvements, favorable product mix and favorable currency movements, partially offset by ASP declines. Looking forward, we expect our gross margin to be in the range of 61% to 63% assuming current exchange rates. Additionally, we continue to execute on initiatives targeting at improving our global manufacturing supply chain and logistics cost structures. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $115.1 million, an increase of 5% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, SG&A expenses increased by 7%. SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue were 28.9% compared to the year ago figure of 28.6%. Looking forward and subject to currency movements, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be in the vicinity of 29% for fiscal year 2014. R&D expenses for the quarter were $29.5 million, a decrease of 5% over the prior year quarter, in constant currency terms R&D expenses increased by 7%. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue were 7.4%, compared to the year ago figure of 8.1%. Looking forward, we expect R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue to be in the range of 7% to 8% for fiscal year 2014. This reflects an ongoing commitment to investing in a diverse product pipeline. Amortization of acquired intangibles was $2.5 million for the quarter, while stock based compensation expense for the quarter was $11.2 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20.3% compared to the prior year quarter effective tax rate of 21.4%. We currently estimate our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2014 will be in the vicinity of 21%. Turning now to revenue in more detail. Overall sales in the Americas were $216.1 million, consistent with the prior year quarter. Sales outside the Americas totaled $181.7 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter and in constant currency terms, sales outside the Americas increased by 6% over the prior year quarter. Breaking out revenue between product segments. In the Americas, flow generator sales were $93.9 million, a decrease of 2% over the prior year quarter, while masks and other sales were $122.2 million, an increase of 2% over the prior year quarter. For revenue outside the Americas, flow generator sales were $118.8 million, an increase of 4% over the prior year quarter and in constant currency terms an increase of 2%. Masks and other sales were $62.9 million, an increase of 17% over the prior year quarter and in constant currency terms an increase of 14%. Globally, in constant currency terms, flow generator sales increased by 1% while masks and other increased by 6%. Cash flow from operations was $101.1 million for the quarter, reflecting strong underlying earnings and working capital management. Capital expenditure for the quarter was $17.8 million, while depreciation and amortization for the March quarter totaled $17.2 million. Our share buyback continues to play a major role in our capital management program. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.64 million shares for consideration of $72.5 million. At the end of March, we had approximately 19.1 million shares remaining under our authorized buyback program. In addition to the share buyback, our Board of Directors today declared a quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share, consistent with our previously advised dividend policy. Our balance sheet remains strong. Net cash balances at the end of the quarter were $543 million, while at March 31, total assets stood at $2.4 billion and net equity was $1.7 billion. I’ll now hand the call back to the operator for your questions.
Brett Sandercock: Yes. Thanks, Mick. On the gross margin front, we sort of ticked down a little bit. And look, it really is a reflection of some of the ASP declines that we’ve seen recently. And I think that had some impact on our margin in Q3. And we just down-ticked a little bit in terms of margin guidance to account for that. And the other factor, I suppose, that’s been helping us out over the last little while has been some FX benefit, particularly with the depreciation in the Aussie dollar. That’s flattened out somewhat now. So those FX benefits, I think, were certainly far less than what we’ve experienced in the past, particularly if you look at it on a sequential basis. So they are kind of those two are the underlying drivers of the slight decline expected in the margin.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. This is -- as you know, Dave, a lot of moving parts on the margin. So it gets more difficult to predict, but that is, yeah, that is more a Q4 short-term prediction on the margin.
Brett Sandercock: Yeah. I think going into Q4 -- look, I’d estimate we’re at probably a slight positive for us, probably in the order of 30 basis points on a sequential basis. It will probably eat a little bit. The currency has been jumping around a lot likely; it’s pretty volatile. So I think that you’d probably see a small benefit in Q4. And then on a sequential basis, you kind of lose that, I think, going forward into Q1. But it’s nothing like what we were getting over the 12 months year-on-year period. It is starting to certainly flatten out.
Brett Sandercock: Revenues are up sequentially and the receivables would be up. If I look at the days sales, that’s pretty much in our -- how we look at it, pretty much in our historical range that we look at, Ian. So it might be an uptick in absolute terms, but I think when you look at DSOs, that it looks in the range.
Brett Sandercock: Yes, Steve. I think, look at over the last few years, you can probably -- that shift, or mix shift impact, has probably moderated overtime either time. I think it’s still up and it’s moderated to some extent. But I think some of the other new generation platforms such as Astral and so on -- as we get through that, as we get deeper into FY ‘15, I think some of those will be supportive of product mix and then supportive of gross margin as well. But it’s really early -- as Rob said, it’s really early days in the launch. We have three new mask products. We have the brand-new Astral platform. And we do certainly see, as we work through a lot of the margin expansion initiatives, that we can drive those costs, over the next 12 months as our experience increases on these new products and certainly think we can get some upside there, Whether that plays out in manufacturing efficiencies and product mix, I think there areas there that are certainly providing potential for us in my view.
Brett Sandercock: You know what? If I looked at it -- so if I look at it year-on-year, we still had a strong. If f you like, we still had product mix benefits flowing through and that was meaningful. If you look at it purely sequentially, it was more of much smaller -- it was a much smaller impact.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah. I think stable to improving is probably the right way to describe it, David. We don’t have -- as you guys know, on these calls, we don’t have perfect data on underlying market demand. We piece it together, just like you guys did too. What we’re seeing is really decent patient volume growth. Our general sense is that, as CB2 has stabilized and the Medicare contracts have shifted, a number of the accounts that won Medicare -- a number of our customers that won Medicare contracts are actually seeing growth in volume. The customers who lost Medicare contracts have in many cases, gone out and worked on referrals that would allow them to capture commercial pay patients. And so you’re seeing some movement in both directions on that front. We think patient growth remains pretty good, both for new patients and also for resupply. So, overall, that trend is, I think, fairly solid in the U.S. market.
Jim Hollingshead: I think it’s a great question, Ben and it’s difficult to point to concrete thing. But I guess I would point to two or three things. The first one is just to reiterate what Mick just said. Volume growth is strong and volume growth was stronger in Q3 than it had been over the previous couple of quarters, I would say. So that’s a good indication. The topic of conversation with our customers is shifting. Every customer is different and there’s thousands of customers that are different size and different business mixes. But the conversations we are having now tend to be more about how do I stabilize my own product mix? How do I do X, Y and Z, to drive profitability? That’s a really different topic of conversation than it was, say, right after rates went into effect. And so you can see our customers have worked through some of the chaos that they faced with reimbursement changes and are now stabilizing their own business models and they’re asking different questions. And we tend to be working with them on things like business efficiency more than we were, say, two quarters ago. And then I’d say, the kind of tone and tenor in the market, just the sort of qualitative feel in the market. This is a very qualitative thing, but I’d say the vibe is a bit better. Nobody is happy about reimbursement rates. None of our customers are and we are not. That continues to be a tough pill to swallow. But the tone and tenor has improved in our conversations with customers and just generally on the market.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah, we think that the audit rate and the procedure for audit is a huge burden on our customers. And we would prefer to see Medicare get their act together.
Jim Hollingshead: So what I would say is we have very little we can do about Medicare and how they’re doing audits. So it’s a burden on our customers because, as you guys know, there’s a big backlog in audits and Medicare is not processing them, in many cases, in a timely fashion. And that hurts our customers’ cash flow, because their payments get held up. And so, it is a hot topic. And it’s understandable that it’s a hot topic. We don’t see any measurable, direct impact on sales, because patients come in the door and they need to get set up and DMEs will set them up. But it’s frustrating for us to watch what our customers have to go through in that regulatory environment that is actually not operating efficiently, right. So, I think it’s a positive that there’s a spotlight put on it. So it’s something that’s been raised and I think it has been raised also at the Congressional level. Now it’s gotten some scrutiny and the OIG has looked at it and so on. So, hopefully, there will be a resolution. I don’t know if it’s going to get more intense before it gets better. But, as I said, I think it would be better if Medicare could find a way to relieve that, especially the backlog. It’s completely appropriate for Medicare to be policing what DMEs do, what -- in any space that they are reimbursing and making sure that there’s no fraud and abuse and that patients are being treated appropriately. But to place an extra burden in terms of volume of audits and then not be able to process them within their own guidelines is arguably unfair and needs to be corrected.
Jim Hollingshead: I think we’re looking at a range of solutions that are business process automation solutions. Every flow point, every business flow point for our customers is an area under scrutiny. And with some areas in development, we’re not going to talk about our product roadmap for competitive reasons.
Jim Hollingshead: Yeah, I’d just add a couple of interesting tidbits on that. The first one is that our data show that, right now, roughly 60% of sleep labs are doing home sleep testing. And that’s pretty dramatic movement over the last several months. Many sleep labs were trying to avoid doing home sleep testing, but now roughly 60% are engaged in home sleep testing. And the other thing that’s quite interesting in our dataset with sleep labs -- sleep labs that do actively engage with home sleep testing actually end up doing more overall volume, including in-lab overnight volume. And so both of those things suggest that home sleep testing adoption will continue to move forward. Now that sleep labs are realizing that it’s in their interest to do it as well.
Mick Farrell: Well, traditionally, David, we’ve priced our new masks in line with the products that are currently in market. I mean clearly, we all know that reimbursements generally are moving in a downward trajectory. And so we need to be able to take cost out of the system by business efficiency, but then be able to ensure pricing is relatively stable. So in general, we’ve kept pricing in parity with our new masks with those in the market, or very close to. And that’s the plan not only for the P10 as you mentioned, the pillows mask, but also for the AirFit N10, the nasal mask and the AirFit F10. The full trilogy now of AirFit masks are in the market and we’re really excited about their potential. But pricing is going to be pretty much on par.
Mick Farrell: Matt, we don’t -- as we said on the last call, we don’t go into details on pricing across the whole category of flow gens and certainly won’t go into details on individual categories. But as a summary statement, pricing impacts have been across the board on categories. And what we’re doing is appropriately pricing across SKUs but across customers, across segments, across geographies for appropriate pricing, to ensure solid volume gain and long-term good revenue growth. And to signal to our customers that we’re therefore doing CB2, but also that we are there for you to drive business efficiency, as well as looking at the upfront pricing.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Bruce. Well, you’re right in that. It is quite sticky. Like a great pair of jeans or a pair shoes that you love, patients tend to stick to the existing product, even when they go for the new purchase and that trend has remained. The AirFit P10, which we launched in January, is now in day 90 in the U.S. market. And as we said earlier, is just launching into Europe and Asia-Pacific, as we speak here in Q4. So talking about the U.S. these last 90 days, we’re sort of starting that S-curve of penetration of a fantastic new product. I actually personally use the AirFit P10 every night. I wore it last night. And it is an unobtrusive, light and very comfortable mask. And it’s particularly -- its diffusion of the air is so comfortable for the bed partner, that we do expect great success from it. But we expect that success primarily with the new patients.
Mick Farrell: Dave, why don’t you -- David Pendarvis, our Chief Administrative Officer and Global General Counsel.
Mick Farrell: Yes. So, Mike, the call that we did was actually in January, so we were in month one of Q3 when we made the call. And we said, we were going to appropriately price to ensure volume gains and revenue gains. And also, as I’ve been focusing on this call, about the efficiency gains that we can provide, the solutions we can give to our HME providers. I would say, those discussions happened throughout the quarter. With well north of 4,000 customers in the U.S. and you think, globally, you are in the tens of thousands of customers this is something that happens throughout a daily basis, a weekly basis, as we interact with our customers. So, clearly, the spread is throughout the quarter. Brett’s guidance of $0.61 to $0.63 I think is solid. It takes into account what we have done and have seen and what we expect to see here in Q4. So it all makes sense. And it all makes sense for ensuring we’re appropriately priced, we have got the appropriate terms and we focus on the efficiencies we can provide by talking to customers and providing that value to them.
Mick Farrell: Yes, look, clearly, Mike, there are many factors involved in the supply-demand, our activity, competitive activity, changes in the market. But yeah, as I said earlier, given that we’re 12 months into the pricing of CB2 within the U.S., nine months into the play-out of how it hits the P&L for our U.S. based customers, that being the largest impact change that’s happened on the reimbursement front, I think your assumption is right. The bulk of the impact is there and our guidance going forward is that we’re going to work with our customers to make sure it happens. And we’ll be flexible, based on the needs of the market.
Mick Farrell: Mike, we are. Home sleep testing, we are tracking very closely. And on a trailing 12-month basis, between 35% and 40% of U.S. diagnosis and these last 12 months were through home sleep testing. With the prior authorization and the focus of insurance companies on this space, the needle continues to tick up on that. And as you look forward the next 6, 12 months, we’ll be looking at 40% to 45%, approaching 50%, of diagnosis in the home sleep testing front in that timeframe. So we think we know that that will start to move up and we know that that will drive a mix shift from CPAP to APAP on a continuing basis. We also think the introduction of products like the Astral with its large $200 million addressable market, globally and then you add all the other respiratory care ventilators that we have in our pipeline and will continue to introduce. There’s a lot of upside on the flow generator front in terms of positive mix shift for us.
Mick Farrell: Yeah, Ben. As you know, there are multiple factors that go into gross margin from COGS reductions, mix shifts and exchanges between the euro and the U.S. dollar, the euro and the Aussie and the U.S. dollar and the Aussie. We’ve been able to achieve some fantastic efficiencies through what we’re doing in our Singapore plant and growing there. We’re doing some great things on the S9 platform in some of the masks that have been out there for a while. But at the same time, we’re introducing new products, which can have an impact on that. Our primary focus is on ensuring topline growth and making sure that goes through. In gross margin, as you saw in this quarter and our guidance for Q4, can be a tool to help us ensure that we continue to have good revenue growth. So, I know, Ben, you are sort of asking me to posit FY ‘15 GM. We don’t do that. We put it out 90 days and we give that guidance of 61% to 63% that Brett just did, because that’s the sort of time horizon that we think we can predict it on, in a useful manner. So, Q4, 61% to 63%. We’re solid with that. And then in 90 days, we’ll get in touch regarding Q1 for FY ‘15.
Mick Farrell: Yeah. Look, I’ll just talk to it generally. I would say our share not only is stabilized, but probably we took a little bit of share when you think about the global scale. And we think that’s the right position for us to be as the market leader. Thanks, Ben.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for the question, Anthony. We don’t go into the detailed share across the categories, certainly not by individual customer type. But qualitatively and generally, looking at the U.S. market specifically, we think -- what we said 90 days ago is that we’re going to appropriately price to ensure that ResMed remains the market leader and ensures providing business efficiency for our customers. We executed on that in the last 90 days and I do think we got some volume share gain. And clearly, there were some price concessions that were a part of that. But more importantly were the hooks we put into our customers for the long-term, which is we’re working with you, we’re partnering with you and we’re going to help you lower your costs. So it’s a high value for you, the patient and ultimately the payer, who will save as we keep these patients out of hospital and in the home. But, no, we won’t go into further detail than that.
Mick Farrell: Actually, we’ve seen some stability. Look, I’m not as close to it as Jim, so I’ll let him answer it in a second. From where I’ve seen it and certainly as you look at American Association for Homecare and a lot of the providers now getting on Capitol Hill and working with CMS to understand how to solve this. They are certainly focusing on -- audits are important, because if there’s fraud abuse, you need to catch it and move it out. But you can’t have the one bad apple spoil the whole barrel. And clearly, that’s the message from the providers. And clearly, nine, 12 months into these changes, I think even CMS and the auditors are starting to realize that changing the game and ensuring these patients stay out of hospital is the right thing for the U.S. healthcare system; and particularly, Medicare going through all the changes it’s going through right now and all the patients coming in with the Affordable Care Act. So as we look towards it, we actually see some stability rather than growing of the audits, in terms of how they are looking at it. But, Jim, I don’t know if you have any color there.
Mick Farrell: Great. Thanks, John. As always, I’d like to thank all of you on this conference call for your interest and your support of ResMed. Most importantly, I’d like to thank the global ResMed team, providing solutions in over 100 countries, for your focus on changing the lives of millions of patients with every breath. Thank you very much. See you in 90 days.
Anthony Petrone: Hi. Thanks gentlemen. I guess, Mick, to just follow up on the market share comments that you just threw out there. I mean, was that specific -- it sounds like you’ve put in a new pricing strategy here in the U.S. and then had sort an effect on market share shifts. So, specifically in the U.S., did those price changes result in a share gain, say, amongst your large DME customers, Lincare, Apria and Rotech, for instance, or did you see more share gains on smaller customers? Just trying to get a sense of how that played out in the quarter.
Anthony Petrone: Sure. No, fair enough. And maybe just with this new pricing strategy within the U.S. and it seems amongst the competitors, I mean, is there a way where to sort of look out and sort of judge timing-wise, where -- not necessarily it’s a floor, but it goes back to where the normal was, which I think, if we go back a couple of years ago, it was normal to see 4% to 5% price declines in the industry. It seems like it’s more than that now, certainly in the U.S. But is there a time where it gets back to normalization? And then just one quick follow-up on CMS audits. Thanks.
Anthony Petrone: Yeah, I apologize. Just we attended Spring Medtrade and there was just this whole focus on CMS audits of DMEs. I’m just wondering if you have an opinion on that and how that just sort of shaking out? Thanks again.
