Amy Wakeham: Great. Thank you Kevin. Hi everyone and welcome to ResMed’s third quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. We appreciate you joining us. This call is being webcast live, and the replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today, along with a copy of our earnings press release and presentation, which are both available now. With me on the call today are ResMed’s Chief Executive Officer, Mick Farrell; and Chief Financial Officer, Brett Sandercock. During the Q&A portion of our call, Mick and Brett will be joined by Rob Douglas, President and Chief Operating Officer; Jim Hollingshead, President-Sleep and Respiratory Care; and David Pendarvis, our Chief Administrative Officer and Global General Counsel. During today's call, we will discuss several non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures, please review the supporting schedules in today's earnings release or the appendix of the earnings presentation. As a reminder, our discussion today will include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, expectations about our future operating and financial performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However, our actual results may differ. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements that are made today. I'd like to now turn the conference call over to Mick.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Brett. Kevin, I'd like to ask you to come back on the line. I'll turn the call over to you to provide instructions and to manage the Q&A portion of the call.
Amy Wakeham: Great. Thanks, Mick. To echo and thank you, everyone. We appreciate your interest and your time. As a reminder, if you have any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to our Investor Relations team directly. This does conclude our third quarter 2022 conference call. Kevin I'll turn it back to you to close things out.
Mick Farrell: Hey, David, yes, it's Mick here. That's a good question. And, clearly as we in the second half of the year now we're readjusting that expectation for FY 22 now in total to be 200 to 250. You look I'll just be very open, very specifically a contract from 12 months ago with a particular I will not name them. But a particular semiconductor supplier had a very significant double-digit de-commit in these last months, weeks, and there's a commitment from 12 months ago, that had some very strong supply and it went down double-digits. And so with that as a headwind into us all the tail winds of our work, the five projects, five lines of projects going on in our supply chain allowed us to sort of, take two steps forward and two steps back versus two steps forward and one step back. And that didn't allow us to achieve that that extra 100 million of incremental revenue that we thought that we would achieve here through fiscal 22 for the first half. And so that's going to be tougher and as things a little bit further back. Having said that some of these projects coming to market such as the Card-to-cloud AirSense 10 device, where we eliminate that bottleneck or the number one bottleneck, which is the 3G, 4G comms chip. And we allow, the next bottleneck, which is another electronic components to become the one, we can then speed up some production to make up some of that difference. And that's allowed us to achieve the 30% year-on-year growth that we saw in devices in U.S., Canada, and Latin America and the 10% year-on-year growth that we achieved this quarter for Europe, Asia and rest of the world. Look, it's not perfect sailing ahead. When you get de-commits. I'd never heard that word de-commit. We're offering you got a signed contract, you're offering money, very good margins, long term contracts, and people just can't supply. Often force majeure and other aspects coming into play. But I can tell you that all the work that we've been doing these hard works by supply chain have allowed us to actually to achieve these results despite that headwind. We're not planning on giving guidance for FY 23 around this. We are saying that this is what I'll say. What we're doing is going to strive for sequential growth every quarter as we go ahead. So sequential growth from March to June, June to September, September to December throughout this fiscal year. That's what we're going for. And I actually think as you start to look towards the second half of the calendar year, you look at the December quarter, there are a number of other projects that don't involve necessarily the risk of an externality of other de-commit from someone else's enough projects. And enough, I would say, new suppliers, new components, new designs and new engineering reengineering that we're doing around both the hardware and the software to give us a strong confidence in supply of product ahead. So I think that supply chain have done amazingly. And, if you look at what we would have achieved, 14% growth, constant currency year-on-year, yes, we could have, we could have got to 20% or 25%, if we'd had unlimited supply, de-commits, and changes in supply chain in global semiconductor and other electronic components have been a headwind. But I think with all the work we've got, we're going to power through this, we got a strong ship, there are waves ahead, but we're going to power through it stronger than ever. And I think our team has done a great job in the supply that we're going to get throughout this calendar year will be a great opportunity for sequential growth as we go through.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Gretel. It's a great question. And yes, as you know that I talked about at least 12 to 18 months of a backlog, which is, in many industries you say fantastic to have a backlog, but these are patients waiting therapy and to the specific party a question Gretel, how long will any individual patient wait? It's not like a patient gets a diagnosis, and they have to wait 12 to 18 months. It depends on the geography and the environment. It might be eight days or eight weeks, depending on the geography and our flow of products. But an individual patient is not sitting out there told, Oh, you've got this life threatening disease, we'll take care of you next April. They're being told look, it's going to take for four weeks. And they're not happy with that. I mean, they've been told they suffocate maybe 100 times per night, maybe 50 times per hour, if they've got very severe sleep apnea. And they're suffocating. They want therapy, and so that that pressure is there, and the desire is there. We're watching very carefully. I mean, obviously we're involved in the substitute therapies. We sell a dental divides all across western and northern Europe with a number one provider, with novel our technology. We're not seeing this huge movement over to dental and the 100 muscle nerve stem that we're investing through in Astella [Ph]. We're not seeing a huge movement over to those substitutes. So they're being told by the doctor, it's eight days or it's eight weeks, and they're accepting that and they're sitting there in that pipeline. What I mean by the 12 to 18 month backlog is if you look at the net of the industry, this is building up because the number two player here is out. As they said earlier this week, they said at least through the end of this calendar year. I think they said that only be 90% done with their [Indiscernible] by the end of this calendar year. So that means the rest of us have to step up and ResMed is the number one player and we're stepping up the most and we're stepping up incredibly well. And I think we'll do that through it. But even when they come back online, it's not like the backlog goes away the day they come on. That's there and it's for all of us to drive. I think the share that we've gained is going to be entrenched because of the digital solutions we have and we'll go and gain from there. But the patients are there and I think it's awful that somebody might have to wait four weeks, or eight weeks. I don't want them to wait more than 4 hours to 8 hours. But right in the moment we're in this situation will be that way for a period of time given these unprecedented circumstances.
Mick Farrell: Thanks Lyanne for the question. Yes, as you mentioned, very strong device growth in the U.S., Canada, Latin America, 30%. And very solid growth in devices in Europe, Asia, elsewhere at 10% netting out at 21% cc across that sector. In the math side actually, if you go back to 2019, Lyanne when we were talking about market growth, right, we were talking then about devices, mid-single digits and masks being high single digits, I look at our global mask growth rate at 9% constant currency with the headwind of new diagnoses downward or competitive being out for new patient stops. And the U.S. Canada, Latin America at 7% constant currency as pretty reasonable growth, new patients are down but what we're actually doing there is working with resupply with Brightree resupply, with SNAP technology ReSupply in the U.S. and around the world with some of our models are working with patients directly in markets like Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and our western and northern European teams working with hospitals and care delivery systems to achieve that 13% constant currency growth in Europe, Asia and America. And I think, I'll hand to Jim Hollingshead the President of our global sleep business, but Jim, I think we're actually taking share in some of those categories again in the quarter.
Mick Farrell: That's a great, great, great question. I'll talk a little bit about what our supply chain is doing. I'll hand over to Rob Douglas, our CFO to go through the incredible work that Andrew Price and Linda Laidlaw our President of Global ops and the head of our supply chain are doing there. I can tell you what they're getting me to do. They're getting me to work with the CEOs of these of these companies and their heads of production. And you know, we're working and providing information to show the importance and how these technologies that they're providing and going into lifesaving medical devices. I actually created a video for the investors and the internal employees at one of our major electronic components suppliers to talk to them about how every chip they give us gives the gift of breath to a person who's suffocating and to really get that message through, I mean, I think you know in the huge demand for electric cars and, and cloud connected to consumer devices and an across the board demand is up across industries. And so it can be hard if you're a component maker to differentiate, industry A from B from C and and know where it's going. When they know firstly that we pay high margins that we have long term contracts that we’re recession resistant industries we showed through the global financial crisis. And the benefit for employees looking for purpose that, hey, this chip doesn't just go into a car that goes from A to B, or, or give cloud connectivity to a refrigerator. This thing literally keeps someone breathing and allows them and their doctor to see that breath and then improvement of incomes, reduction of costs and reduction in mortality. So getting that message through is really strong. We've been working very strongly since the starting gun sort of went off on this June last year, and we're getting better and better. But across the industry, Rob it's a tough environment for supply.
Mick Farrell: Yes. And in short, our goal will be with all that work that Rob just talked about to make sure we take three steps forward, so that when you do get the two steps back of this and that component, we're still moving forward sequentially every quarter throughout the year, and then really freeing up as Rob said, the long term stuff starts to come into fruition over the next 3, 6, 9 months and beyond. Thanks for the question, Matt.
Mick Farrell: Thanks for your question, Maggie. I mean, the short answer is yes, absolutely. Through not just the technology, Jim was talking about the essence, Card-to-cloud but all the other projects, Rob's been talking about the 5 by 5 25 plus matrix of incredible projects that are going through are going to free up supply. And sequentially as we go through this year, we're going to get growth and growth and growth. And so, just to be clear, it was on top of, as Brett said, strong sort of 10% forecast growth, we then had, in addition to that 300 million to 350 million of incremental, that incremental was reduced to 200 to 250, as we as we said today, for this fiscal year that we're in. But that incremental growth, those patients will be there. And we will be in the back when we will get to them in fiscal 23 and more as we continue to grow throughout the fiscal year 2023. It's not like this is an overnight success. And one of the 25 projects works tomorrow. We're all perfect. It's incremental, continuous improvement, step by step improvement of an amazing ops and supply chain team, and an amazing sales and delivery team working with customers on this allocation and understanding how to bring that product to market and understanding on the marketing side to just get ready for the demand gen that's going to need to happen to get all the backlog in and new patients in as we go in, throughout fiscal year 23 and beyond. But the short answer is Maggie. Yes, we will get to that increment and more throughout the coming 12, 18 months.
Mick Farrell: Thanks, Suraj. Yes, look, I mean, clearly inflation is high. And as you've seen, that's been hitting, some of our areas of cost. We have some price mitigation on the AirSense 11. And on global surcharge, and some sort of skews across the range to deal with inflation and to share some of the pain of that that we are seeing from our suppliers with the channel. But so that's, that's how we're sort of mitigating the impacts of inflation. Your question about a future recession who knows we haven't a long bull market. One thing I know that ResMed and I was here through I was actually running the global sleep business through ’08, ’09 and ‘10. And I just taken over it the year before and ResMed is remarkably resistant to that global, that global financial crisis. And in recessionary environment, people may forego that extra Tesla, that extra phone for $2,000, but they will not forego that extra CPAP for $1,000 as much. And so we were very recession resistant through that last global financial crisis had a bull bull run here, globally for 10, 12 years, it is possible. Suraj, you're probably better at predicting the timing, or when a recession may come in the next 12, 24, 36 months, I don't know. But I know that as opposed to other consumer industries and automotive industries and fast moving consumer goods, medtech, and particularly consumer driven medtech, like ResMed and sleep apnea. We've been very recession resistant are a very strong player throughout that and give us a competitive advantage, I think of some of the other players fighting for the dollars available. But look, who knows what the timing of any of that would be. But we've got mitigation plans in for inflation. I think very good experience and capabilities to deal with downturns and or, and or recessions. But thanks for the question Suraj.
Mick Farrell: Well thanks Kevin, for hanging the phone back. And thanks again to all of our shareholders for joining us on this call. I'd like to once again thank the 8000 ResMedians, many of you are also shareholders through our ESPP. So thank you for that for your dedication and your hard work helping people breathe better, sleep better, and live better lives outside the hospital in 140 countries worldwide. Thanks for what you do today and every day. I look forward to talking to you and all of our stakeholders here again in 90 days. Thank you, and we can now close the call.
Jim Hollingshead: So thanks, Mick. And thanks, Lyanne it’s a great question. I think this is one of those weird circumstances for us where the numbers don't actually very clearly convey the underlying dynamics. And the reason for that is the volumes and the revenue growth we're producing in different markets is almost completely contingent on which SKUs we can produce, right. So it's a little bit, it's a little bit complicated. But we can, when we can produce devices that have sell chips that can go into certain European markets, and we have those components, then we get more growth for that period of time as we ship those products. And then sometimes those specific SKUs get constrained. And so the dynamic is actually pretty constant across all geographies, which is very, very high demand for our devices. Very, very high demand for our masks. There is a headwind on masks, because new patient starts are down because the market is under supplied. But really across all geographies there are tailwinds for masks because in the U.S., we have very resilient resupply and in other European markets, we have very really resilient resupply in markets like France and Northern Europe. And so the number the differences you've seen in the groceries is actually driven by component supply and not by demand dynamics, if that makes sense. So it continues to be really almost unlimited demand for our products across the board. With devices obviously, in the U.S., we introduced AirSense 11. That freed up a lot of capacity for us. That's why we got such outsized growth relative to the other markets in the U.S. market this quarter. And the mask growth is pretty steady across all the markets.
Jim Hollingshead: Yes, thanks, Mick. Thanks, Dan. The Astral’s performing really, really well from a competitive point of view. We've taken share with the Astral it’s very very strong device offering. We've made a number of improvements to that platform over the last couple of years. And also remember that the Astral can be connected to an attachable modem, which can then allow patients using an Astral to be monitored in the cloud. And we have we have that capability now in our AirView platform worldwide. And so we've had a lot of a lot of adoption of monitoring ventilated patients in our AirView platform, especially a very strong growth in Europe with that offering. So Astral continues to perform extremely well.
Jim Hollingshead: It's very early days and we'll be bringing and we'll be bringing it to more and more geographies but you know to midpoint, we really just want to make sure patients get on therapy. I mean, that's, that's the driving rationale for launching. And this device is Card-to-cloud version residents. And it's basically in AirSense 10 without the cell chip. And so to, the process question Mike you asked is about, the devices all have SD cards in them. The SD card has to get to the provider. The provider uploads the data into the cloud. We've actually just re-launched or launched a renewed and better version of the process for doing that for the software that allows the upload into the cloud. And the great advantage of the whole system is that the patients still can be managed in AirView. And AirView is the best, patient management system on the market, we know that it has the strongest preference, the strongest performance, it's secure. It's encrypted and protects privacy, and, importantly, all have our customers using AirView right now in their workflows. And so that what the, the Card-to-cloud device is missing one step, which is the daily cloud uploaded data and via the system, the data will come into the system into the cloud, when the SD card gets uploaded by the provider. So and that I don't think anybody will do that on a daily basis, they'll do it relatively infrequently. The data is all there in the SD card. The device stores the data for months, so no data is lost. It's just the frequency of upload. And again, the main rationale behind it is we want to make sure patients get on therapy, there's a growing patient backlog, we can produce these devices at volume. And it gets around our biggest constraint, which is the communication.
