Brett A. Sandercock: Great. Thanks, Peter. Revenue for the September quarter was $339.7 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year quarter. Unfavorable currency movements reduced our first quarter revenues by approximately $12.6 million. In constant currency terms, revenue increased by 12%. Income from operations for the quarter was $80.5 million, an increase of 32% over the prior year quarter. Net income for the quarter was $71.3 million, an increase of 41% over the prior year quarter. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.49, an increase of 48% over the prior year quarter. Gross margin for the September quarter was 61.4%, up sequentially from Q4 FY '12. On a sequential basis, our gross margin benefited from manufacturing efficiencies and a lower Australian dollar. Moving forward, we expect our gross margin for fiscal year 2013 to be in the range of 60% to 62%, assuming current exchange rates. We continue to execute on initiatives targeted at improving our global manufacturing supply chain and logistics cost structures. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $98.3 million, an increase of 4% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, SG&A expenses increased by 9%. SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue improved to 28.9% compared to the year-ago figure of 29.9%. Looking forward and subject to currency movements, we expect SG&A as a percentage of revenue to be in the range of 28% to 29% for fiscal year 2013. R&D expenses for the quarter were $27.3 million, an increase of 4% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, R&D expenses increased by 6%. R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue were 8% compared to the year-ago figure of 8.3%. Looking forward, we expect R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue to be in the range of 8% for fiscal year 2013, reflecting the strong Australian dollar and continued investment in our product pipeline. Amortization of acquired intangibles was $2.6 million for the quarter, while stock-based compensation expense for the quarter was $7.9 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.6% compared to the prior year quarter effective tax rate of 24%. The lower tax rate reflects the benefit of lower effective tax rates in our Singapore and Australian operations. We currently estimate our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2013 will be in the vicinity of 22%. Turning now to revenue in more detail. Overall sales in the Americas were $194.4 million, an increase of 15% over the prior year quarter. Sales outside the Americas totaled $145.4 million, consistent with the prior year. However, in constant currency terms, sales outside the Americas increased by 9% over the prior year quarter. Breaking out revenue between product segments. In the Americas, Flow Generator sales were $84.8 million, an increase of 17% over the prior year quarter, reflecting strong growth in our APAP devices. Masks and other sales were $109.6 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year quarter, underpinned by strong contributions across our mask product range and continued growth in accessories. For revenue outside the Americas, Flow Generator sales were $96.7 million, a decrease of 2% over the prior year quarter, but in constant currency terms, an increase of 7%. Masks and other sales were $48.6 million, an increase of 4% over the prior year quarter or in constant currency terms, an increase of 13%. Globally, in constant currency terms, Flow Generator sales increased by 11%, while masks and other increased by 13%. Cash flow from operations was $78.3 million for the quarter, reflecting strong underlying earnings and working capital management. Capital expenditure for the quarter was $13.8 million, while depreciation and amortization for the September quarter totaled $18.7 million. Our share buyback continued to play a major role in our capital management program. During the quarter, we repurchased 216,000 shares for consideration of 8.1 million. For fiscal year 2012, we repurchased 13.6 million shares for consideration of 391.2 million. At the end of September, we had approximately 8.6 million shares remaining under our authorized buyback program, and during fiscal 2013, we intend to purchase at least 2 million shares under our share buyback program. In addition to our share buyback, our Board of Directors today declared a quarterly dividend of $0.17 per share, consistent with our previously advised dividend policy. Our balance sheet remains very strong. Net cash balances at the end of the quarter were $625 million. And at September 30, total assets stood at $2.2 billion, and net equity was $1.7 billion. I will now like to hand the call back to the operator to take your questions.
Brett A. Sandercock: Yes, David. For EPS impact on FX year-on-year was slightly negative but really less than $0.01 this quarter, so quite negligible. Medical devices tax, we still -- I think we're still waiting on the updated guidelines to come out. I mean, they're due out any time, but we think now they'll probably come out after the election. So really waiting to get some clarity from that before we give the market more clarity on it from how it's going to impact us.
Brett A. Sandercock: Just on them, I mean, we have -- the product mix has been favorable for us, and we've got, I mean, the CPAP to APAP Chief there. Obviously, the bilevel is coming to the S9 box, and they've done particularly well. So those factors are there. And if you're going to be realistic there, it's quite a nice uptick from that. I do think that mix will still be favorable for us going forward, Ben, but maybe not to the extent that we've seen. But I still think we'll see some favorable mix coming through, which will help us.
Peter C. Farrell: Yes. No. We are not aware of any upticks, and we are -- most of the people, when you go to Medtrade and talk to various DMEs and HMEs and others, the 6% to 8% seems to be the figure, and that's -- so that's for the U.S. And our best guess, and obviously, it's much more complicated to get exact figures outside the U.S. because of the different geographies, but again, that looks to be consistent with the 6% to 8% growth. If you want a bit more of granularity, you might say, "Well, it could be more like 5% to 7% in Europe and maybe a little higher, 7% to 9%, 8% to 10% in Asia Pacific." But overall, ROW also fits the bill of a 6% to 8%.
Peter C. Farrell: We're going to start slowly, obviously, but I'm going to throw that one to Geoff Neilson, who's the President of Respiratory Care. But I think in the first year, we'll end up somewhere around 9 respiratory account managers, but Geoff, what are your plans? And then make them too vigorous, if you like.
Peter C. Farrell: Internally, David, we assume that it would not impact masks. Roughly, half the business would not be touched, and we also don't know about the devices. This -- again, we'll have to wait for the fine print, but we're even sort of contemplating that we may not even be stuck with the tax on the devices. But we don't know for sure yet.
Peter C. Farrell: Yes. No. It's hard for me to envision -- or first, let me make the point but JNC7, the Joint National Commission on the diagnosis, management and treatment of hypertension, has suggested or made the statement that the #1 cause out of 9 identifiable factors for hypertension is untreated sleep-disordered breathing, of which, obviously, obstructive sleep apnea is the main manifestation. Now the renal nerve innovation or the use of the barbecuing of the artery, it's hard to see how that connects. It appears to work in drug-resistant hypertension, and we know that 83% -- well into the 80s of drug-resistant hypertension patients do have sleep-disordered breathing. But if you have sleep-disordered breathing and your hypertension is ameliorated by the renal denervation, then you still need to have the sleep-disordered breathing treated because it doesn't stop the other -- the sympathetic neural activity that's associated with the catecholamines. So I just found this such a long bow. I can't even imagine that this would be a treatment for any form of sleep-disordered breathing. And if it were, it would only be in the central area. Because looking at what sleep-disordered breathing is, it's really a mechanical issue, and it's due to the -- as your diaphragm moves, you create negative pressure, the air flows into the lungs and, of course, that causes a negative pressure in the upper airways. So if you have a floppy upper airway and wherever it may be in the pharynx, the velo, hypo, oropharynx, it's a mechanical issue. So I think it's a very, very long bow. Now maybe, maybe there are some impact on central sleep apnea, but it's -- you'd -- I'd like to see a hell of a lot of compelling data to show that it would impact it. But obviously, with central sleep apnea, we have an open airway. It's not the same -- it's not a mechanical issue, it's a neurologic issue. And because it's neurologic, it's -- you could say, "Well, okay, maybe it's -- it could be impacted by anything that -- it appears with the neuro system." But I'd like to see some compelling data before we're sold on it.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, Ian, pricing is something that you deal with every day. And as far as pricing pressures go, I think we've been fairly consistent. We've expected somewhere around the 4% to 5% annual decrease in prices, and obviously, we need to keep ahead of the curve. And with manufacturing efficiencies, we've been able to do that. We don't see the terrain. Look, it's challenging. And the irony of this market is that most of the pricing pressure is actually driven by competitors as opposed to the customers, and it's just one of those weird markets where as you can see from our numbers, given the growth rates being around 6% to 8% and our growth rates in constant currency being around 12%. But if you look at the net income, the revenues, I mean, obviously, that's a reflection of a number of things. But improvements in the valuable growth improvements with the S9 platform and, obviously, the movement from basic CPAP to APAP, pretty encouraging. But I'll throw that question, I mean, make Don -- maybe Don Darkin can talk about masks, and you can talk about devices or -- but there's nothing scary that we're seeing. That's just the way of the world. People want to buy...
Peter C. Farrell: But having said that, and I agree, but moving from utilization management to care management is a lot easier to say than do. And there's a lot of work that we have to put in. We're putting a lot of time and effort into healthy economics by gathering data, showing people what -- in fact, this is -- as we said in the press release, it is the holy grail. I mean, we've given up collecting testimonials on the quality of life because it's just real. I mean, it's there. And so it's not something we're surprised at. The second thing is we're seeing more and more data on savings of inpatient and outpatient costs, particularly with these readmission rates. I mean, it is going to become standard of care because, simply, if -- unless you treat the sleep-disordered breathing, if you have 25% to 30% of the adult population with sleep-disordered breathing at some level, I should stress. That's an AHI greater than 5. Do they all need treatment? Well, they do if they've got a co-morbidity such as hypertension, diabetes, reflux nocturnal and depression and on and on. But we are seeing this moving very favorably. And the third thing is what we're seeing and a lot more encouragingly is that we're seeing not only is the disease process in these co-morbidities being slowed, it's actually in some cases being reversed. So if you've got quality of care on your side, you've got reduced cost on your side and you've got reduced disease progression. All this translates into a very favorable environment going forward. Now there will be challenges, but we're very comfortable in the space we're in.
Peter C. Farrell: The growth rate ROW is less with the blowers, for sure. It's, in terms of granularity, hard to know, but it's a little -- as I said before, it's a little less in Europe and a little higher in Asia Pac. But it comes out -- Ben, it comes out at about the same. We think the market's growing at about 6% to 8%. It's a little lighter in Europe and a little higher in Asia Pac.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, our best guess, as Brett said, is that the gross margin will remain in the 60% to 62% range. We're seeing -- it's -- we considerably hope, Ben, as you would obviously know, the change with the HST to AutoSet. That's extremely helpful. The price pressures are greater at the low-end CPAP, but the growth is much lower there and there's the switch with the requirements of pre-authorization, et cetera. So I think we see that area. I mean, this is just me talking now. But I think this time next year, we're going to see -- of all the tests, I think it's going to be closer to 50%, it could even be higher, depending upon how aggressive the payers are with the PSG authorization area. It could even be -- I might have to go crazy, it could be 75%, but I mean, that's just sort of in the lap of the gods. But...
Peter C. Farrell: Yes, they do. And we're actually very optimistic with the Stellar products. I mean, they are -- the Stellar 150 with iVAPS is being extraordinarily well-received. Do you want to say a word about that -- or Brett, do you want to comment? And maybe Geoff after Brett.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, David, the one thing that I noted in the comments was that as opposed to reimbursement cuts, which everybody expects, this was, in fact, a reimbursement uptick. And also, there's very favorable environment for cardiologists to adapt -- or take on adaptive servo-ventilation, and we are actually planning on taking some physicians [indiscernible] heart failure, one particularly influential heart failure expert from the U.S. to Japan to talk to some of the cardiologists there, the heart failure cardiologists, to see if we can leverage some of their results. And I mean, it's a critical mass of cardiologists in Japan who are now have -- doing not only adaptive servo-ventilation, they're not involving sleep physicians at all, they're just doing it themselves. So we -- yes, we -- I think we need a little bit more information, a little bit more data. I mean, we're anxious to see what we can sort of -- what lessons we can learn and then apply to other markets, in particular, the U.S., which, of course, is our, by far, in a way, our biggest market. But I would say, yes, we are pretty encouraged about Japan and not just with adaptive servo-ventilation but also with Stellar, with Teijin. And Geoff knows that he needs to improve his numbers. But with Teijin and Fukuda Denshi, both of our Japanese distributors are really impressed with the Stellar product.
Peter C. Farrell: Yes. Yes. But also India and China. So India -- obviously, the base is -- the growth rates are bigger in India or in China, but the base is smaller. But we are very optimistic about India -- about both India and China and Japan. We've been in there for 15-or-so years. I mean, that's always been a good market, and we don't see that changing.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, it's a difficult mix, David, and I'll throw the question to Don. But -- and just to make a comment. As you put more and more patients onto treatment, you've got this growing replenishment opportunity. And if you look at our business, the -- that is an extraordinarily fast-growing area, and there's a lot of potential to go from just under 2 masks per patient per year to 3 to 4. So there's a lot of potential there if the patient does, in fact, need a new mask. And so we think that it's a pretty attractive space, actually. And so I don't see anytime soon the growth rates coming back to the 6% to 8% in the masks space. But Don, what are your feelings? And maybe Mick can chime in as well.
Peter C. Farrell: Yes, and, I mean, to Don's point, if competitors are launching new products, people are going to try it. But it takes a while for the water to flow under the bridge, and we've done our own comparisons. We feel comfortable, very comfortable, I should say, with our products. But other people have got to [indiscernible], and -- but we're confident that we have a little bit of air between us and the other guys. But...
Peter C. Farrell: Yes, well, we've spent -- if you look at 2012 and 2013, just the first quarter, we spent close to $400 million just simply doing share buyback, and that's one use of the capital there. But you're right, I mean, $890 million, even if you take out the total amount of debt, it still leaves us, give or take a bit, with $600 million. So we have dry powder, and we are continually scanning the horizon. And basically, we are looking -- we're not going to get into movie-making or sailboat-making or anything like that. We're in the sleep business, and that's where we're -- sleep and respiratory care business, and that's where we're staying, obviously. But you saw the purchase of BiancaMed. We're absolutely delighted with that. We're also delighted with the 12.5% tax rate, and then we're also delighted with the fact that the Irish government, like the Singaporean government, want to sit down and talk to you. And you get academics and the business guys and the government guys all in one room and they really do want to help you, and we get some help there with the R&D. But we are continually looking at -- as you know, we've got a ResMed Ventures and Initiatives group, which is headed up by Jim Hollingshead. And virtually, every day, there's something that comes across Jim's desk, and we take a look at it. So I guess what we're looking at is new technologies that dovetail into the respiratory or sleep business. We're also looking at people that are out there that we can take -- oh, as Connie just shoved down to my nose, of course, we did buy Grundler in the humidification space. I mean, I hadn't forgotten that, Connie, but thanks. And also [indiscernible], of course, with the compliance where we're now able to get compliance measurements. It's not just for our products but also for competitive products. And we are making a push, obviously, in the area of dental sleep medicine. We've just got FDA approval, working through the reimbursement for mandibular repositioning devices, Kristie Burns. And that's also in Jim Hollingshead's group, we're making a big push on dental sleep within the U.S. environment. And we're kind of encouraged by the strides we are making there. But yes, there's no question we have plenty of dry powder, but we are also looking carefully of what's around. But when you look at where to invest, we're looking for things that potentially can grow 20% top and bottom line. And, I mean, there's just not that many opportunities. But if you come across something, Anthony, give us a hoy.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, I think if you look at the growth figures, if you step back strategically and you look at our market growing at 6% to 8% globally and then you look at our numbers 40%, 41% up at the bottom line on net income and net income of 21% to revenues and you look at the gross margin of 61.4%, that clearly reflects a higher value products growing very well. And that, obviously, is adaptive servo-ventilators. So we are really doing extremely well in getting back lost business in the adaptive servo-ventilation area, and we're also seeing nice growth now that every -- the bilevels are in the S9 platform. You can argue we should have done it sooner, maybe we should have, but clearly, the numbers are reflective of the fact that we are, if you like, back on deck.
Peter C. Farrell: It's very -- it's such early days, what works. But will the primary care physicians adopt it in the way we like to see them? They likely will use independent testing facilities, the IDTFs, or the sleep labs going to go out and start marketing to the PCPs and say, "Hey, look, don't worry about it. We're going to offer you both PSG, even though it's pre-authorization. We should be able to get that, but we'll also offer you HST." We think the smart sleep labs are offering both. Obviously, they want more patients going through PSG because they make more money, but it's a very complex mix. But I -- if I had to guess, I'd say that we're going to see a certain number of PCPs as they get comfortable with HST because they take it up themselves and go straight to AutoSet, that's the easiest thing to do. You don't have the option of going to a lab to have the pressure set. It has to be automatic. The good news is that there are several papers out showing that, in fact, ironically, that if you go HST to APAP, you in fact get average along with those paper by Rosanne [indiscernible] and Susan Redline at Harvard. But this was multiple groups. I think it was 7 or 8 sleep centers across the country, and they show, in fact, almost an hour or more per night usage on the average and compliance that was around 12% up. So, in fact, rather than the sleep labs, they used to say that it was really unprofessional and bad medicine, and what we're finding is that if you do use HST, it's so much easier for the patient, it's so much cheaper, so much more convenient. And APAP works just as well as we've known that for over a decade, works just as well, the 6 APAP set in the lab. In fact, the data is showing, if anything, it's at least as good and, in some cases, even better. So this is not a complicated area, and I think we're going to see far more involvement of PCPs but also in addition, specialists, like cardiologists and endocrinologists, perhaps. If you're doing HST, you couldn't think of anything simpler, and the treatment itself is safer than an aspirin. So it's almost no downside. So complex area, very early days, but we see continuing good growth in the space and more and more non-sleep-trained physicians implementing the therapy and sending all the tough ones to the sleep physicians. Stuff they can't work out, they'll send back to the sleep lab.
Peter C. Farrell: Well, I will. First off all, for those of you still on the call, thank you for joining us. But more importantly, I would like to thank all our employees for their hard work, dedication and continued exemplary performance. We are delighted with your commitment and loyalty and efforts. And so we all here around the table, thank you very much. And that's it. That's [indiscernible].
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, Mike, I'd make 3 points on this area about CMS documentation. The first point is this is just Medicare. So it's 25% of the U.S. market, which is about 10% to 12% of the global market or under 12% of the global market. Number two, they made changes to documentation but no changes to frequency or the reimbursement rates. So it's just changes to the documentation. And number three, that those changes to documentation, after some further clarification, which took 2 or 3 months because it's the government after that clarification came out, customers were pretty quick to change their systems, whether it's an IVR where you press 1 to say that the system is dysfunctional or it's a call script that requires that question and documents it or it's a formal written sign-off process where the patient signs off on nonfunctional use. So those 3 things, I think, have played out and sort of minimized effect, if any, really, of this in terms of -- over the long term.
Michael J. Farrell: I mean, all I'd add is that the conversation with customers and really payers in this space is starting to turn from a discussion around price to one about value. We're moving away from just a discussion around utilization management, which is, can you do competitive bidding and move from x to point 9x on a unit price to are you saving money for my health care system by keeping these patients out of hospital? So the discussions are moving to a higher level, and we're having them with customers and with their customers' payer groups to change that conversation from more utilization management, which focuses on price, to one on care management, which focuses on sort of the return on investment that a payer gets by putting a high-value patient on the VPAP Adapt and keeping them out of the ICU and CCU and similarly for an LSA patient on CPAP or even better on AutoSet. So that's sort of where the discussions are going in, but no big differential to your question between masks and Flow Gens on that pressure.
Michael J. Farrell: David, all I'd add is that there is runway left on replenishment. We can get more movement there, but in addition to that, compliance systems and the focus on adherence is becoming a greater and greater focus for our HME customers and their customers, the payer. And as they look more at that, they have more systematized approaches to it. We launched the product, EasyCare Online, which was a major global initiative that the team was able to bring to the market. And now the data, as to whether you're using your device or not, is taken to the physician, the payer and the patient from the cloud. And that visibility to compliance rates allows customers to better treat their patients and health care systems to better keep their patients out of hospitals. So that focus on adherence should provide some long-term runway to growth of replenishment revenues like masks and other accessories, tubing, filters and even repair, because every 5 years or so, you should replace the device as well.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, David, I would say a majority of the large nationals have moved, although there's still some further improvements that they can make to their systems. But the next tier down is the large regionals has a lot more room for improvement on that front. And frankly, at the moment, PAP level, the local regionals, there is still, sadly, a large segment where the focus on long-term compliance and adherence and replenishment is not even part of the conversation. It's part of the conversation we have with them but not necessarily something they're implementing yet. So the answer to that is there's at least -- of the 3 tiers, there's 2 tiers where we've got considerable room for improvement.
Michael J. Farrell: Yes, I mean, the answer, Anthony, is that we're not going to -- obviously, going to the, again, the granularity of the number of customers we have now and had 12 months ago, but we will give the general trend that there is industry consolidation at the HME level. You've seen the public announcements of Linde buying LinCare. You've seen the public announcements of Apria buying the assets of Praxair, and there are other acquisitions that have happened, obviously. But in terms of this industry, it's got a large degree of fragmentation. This consolidation has gone on and will continue to go on, and it's probably cataloged a little by competitive bidding. But we have good relationships with the large nationals, and we have good relationships with the regionals. And we expect those to continue on throughout that consolidation. But it's a trend that's been there, and we expect to continue at its same rate but not to change dramatically.
Michael J. Farrell: Dan, what I'll add to that is you've got -- your question was about risks as you move from PSG to HST. We've got risk mitigation in that we have 3 models that are being trialed out in the ecosystem there. There's IDTFs and there's PCP direct, but there's also sleep labs conducting home sleep testing. And you heard in the remarks early that 40% this quarter, 40% of sleep labs are now offering home sleep testing as an alternative, and we think that offering that choice is actually good for the patient and can reduce what we call leakage through the value chain. So we're mitigating the risk by looking at 3 models. And the market is choosing and the patients are choosing, and the sleep labs are helping facilitate patients to get their choice. And we think that's a good thing for patients, for the payers and for the long term of our industry. So there's more money available to keep the patients on therapy compliant and out of hospital.
Michael J. Farrell: There's actually scalable models being set up so that as patients come to these new modalities, they can scale with the patients that they come through. So the answer is capacity is there and capacity is available to grow through multiple methods. So in short, Dan, yes.
