Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vince. And congratulations to you and the entire ADM team for another outstanding quarter. Slide 13, please. Across the enterprise, we are continuing to advance our work to enrich the quality of life and meet key needs for consumers around the globe. At the time of heightened concerns around food security, ADM's vast global value chain is helping ensure that countries and families can continue to put nutritious, delicious foods on the table. As consumers focus more and more on proactive approaches to health, we're expanding the frontier in groundbreaking functional ingredients and supplements for people with conditions like migraine and atopic dermatitis, and we're paving the way to a new world of precision nutrition personalized for every individual. And as sustainability becomes a key driver of consumer decisions and business success, we're playing a leading role in the transition to a low-carbon economy for our industry. We are committed to our purpose, and our team is continuing to deliver for our customers, our shareholders and all could depend on us. And that is why we are confident in a strong finish to 2020 and a positive momentum continuing through 2021. With that, Amy, please open the line for questions. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Eric, thank you. I think -- listen, I think I'm very proud, first of all, of course, of the way the team has been executed. And I think we have a track record of consistent execution on that so that -- from that perspective. Second, I think the important thing to reflect upon is that we have built the business over these few years, aligned to secular trends on food security, on health and wellness and on sustainability. And we see those trends being with us for the duration that I can see going forward. So when we look at our planning horizon, we feel very good about that, about achieving our 10% ROIC, and we're achieving our goals in earnings and reduction on invested capital. When we look at the -- even the issues that we're seeing today with the pandemic, the pandemic has basically increased or emphasized some of the trends that we have been already developing over time with the consumers. And you see governments more concerned about food security now and the ability to keep supplying food for the world. And I think that we are a key element in that. And our footprint and our ability to connect the areas of surplus with areas of deficit in the world is valued and is recognized and I think that, that will continue going forward. I think that everything that we're doing in terms of positioning our portfolio for healthier trends. We see the reaction on that. We see the reaction in plant-based proteins. We see the reaction in probiotics, but we see the reaction also on the snacking in functional foods. And all that is very strong in the ADM portfolio. And we continue to see the pool from biomaterials, from materials based on plant that actually replaces other fossil fuel type of build materials that have more push. So we see it in the scale and the reach that we have for food security. We see it in the specialization that we see in nutrition, and we see it in the demand for sustainability. So as far as we can tell, again, we are finishing the year very strong with the Q4 that we are very excited about, and we are entering Q1 with a strong momentum. So we certainly see 2021 with a lot of optimism. I think conditions are there for us to have good times, and we don't see at this point in time what is the thing that will change that. Demand is strong. I think if anything, China has come rolling back from the pandemic. Their recovery has surprised everybody. At the same time that the economy recovers, they are recovering from ASF, which they are rebuilding their herds. At the time when, candidly, Brazil has sold -- because we were part of that, has sold all the pipeline of beans in which Argentina doesn't have an incentive to sell. And for the very first time in a long time, the world needs the U.S. supply for both soybeans and corn. So we are looking at it from several angles, to be honest, and we see it fine. We see also, even in the crush margins that is a crush supported by both legs now. Traditionally, it has been more on the mill side, but we have a very big oil story developing around the world and it has all these conditions. Whether it's biodiesel or renewable green diesel or just the recovery of food service, we have been pulling oil demand. So again, at this point in time, we see the future with a lot of optimism and a lot of confidence in our team's ability to execute on that. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. And listen, we participate that as a supplier of feedstock. You see the tightening that this has generated because, of course, there has been stable volumes and very healthy margins of biodiesel that we've been supplying. And also, we've seen the tightness that, that generated as food service has recovered in the oil part of the consumption. So I think that we follow that with interest. It's another leg that adds to the strength of crush margins. So in the short term, it's a very positive tailwind. We have to see how that industry evolves. There are many factors in this industry. There are many announcements that they are all positive. That will put some pressure in feedstocks, of course. And we're going to see how that announced, how many states or countries adopt these, how many of these investments are actually come through into real plans and then how many other feedstocks are allowed here to come. Today, the environment of feedstock is a little bit of a rarefied environment because we have less of restaurants creating cooked oil and then we have a little bit of less production of -- in the ethanol side. So -- but we have potential to bring canola into these that we are -- it's a good carbon index also. So there are a lot of dynamics. But I think short term, we are participating just as a supplier of soybean oil and that we are profiting from that in the crush margins that we are seeing. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Maybe if I start, and I'll let Vince complete that with some more granularity. But when we look at our strategic plan, and we plan in 5-year increments, so the last one we did in 2019, so 2019 to 2024, we see our $1 billion OP that Vince described being achieved in that planning cycle. So let's say, by 2024, if you want to say it that way. In order to get there from here, you can see the nutrition approximately needs to grow around 15% per year compounded to get to that number. So that number is excluded any major M&A. That number is in the current strategy, which is organic growth and bolt on. So about the ratio that you're seeing right now going. So maybe then I pass it to Vince to provide more granularity on where that growth comes from. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Well, so I'm not going to be on record predicting a devaluation in Argentina, Rob, since I would like to go back one day, but let's put it this way. The world is tight today. There is a big demand, as I said, from China. And even if -- let's run your scenario in which Argentina devalue and there is an incentive for the farmer to sell. Then may be only like 5 million tons that they're going to throw into the market. To be honest, the market needs that, and the market will absorb that very quickly and move on. So I don't see that as a big source of derailment. I don't know what the source of derailment could be. But I don't worry that much about that. I think, again, the market is tight enough today. Brazil's crop is a couple of weeks late. So there is a La Niña effect that we still need to see what's going to do to yields. And although I think that Brazil, we have a big crop, I don't think we're going to have 140 million tons crop given the start and the conditions that there are. So I think that at this point in time, I worry more about where the beans and where the mill is going to come from later on than actually if Argentina will flood the market. We don't see that as an opportunity. If you hear -- I mean if you -- unfortunately, I don't have the opportunity to be back in Brazil or Argentina at this stage. But as I talked to Brazil, Brazil is an environment of -- in an environment of food inflation and imports right now, where they're bringing imports from Paraguay, from Uruguay for beans. So I think you see the need, and we see it with a customer base that is very uncovered, to be honest. So these are people that are buying hand to mouth for strong demand. And it's our role to supply that and to cover that. But as I said, we worry a little bit more about making sure that the flow from the farmers continue so we have the material to continue to execute and to feed the world. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ken. At this point in time, again, it's a very positive environment from a margin and demand perspective. So I think that we're all looking through readiness and everything, how to expand capacity with as little capital as possible, of course, to debottleneck every facility. We are very prudent in thinking about new staff that cannot be integrated. I think we're very proud of the integration of our facilities that help a lot the integration with grain, the integration with refineries. So at this point in time, going to the earlier part of your question, we don't see any major announcement that worries us. I think that in reality, the industry needs some of that extra capacity that we heard about it. And I think that we continue to have our plan. As I said, we put together our 5-year plan from '19 to '24. That includes some expansions to maintain our position there. But this is a very disciplined market in which we follow demand and we follow what our customers and the final consumers are doing. So we are looking at that, and we have flexibility. I don't think this is an industry that goes like other industries that maybe build a lot of capacity, and then it takes many years for them to build, to grow into that capacity. This is an industry that tend to grow in manageable chunks. And I think that we've been a player into that, and we know how to do it. So I don't worry that much about that, not at this point in time, Ken. 
Juan Luciano: So I think -- listen, I think the numbers if -- let's say that even if you take 70% of the announced capacity happened to be through, it's a significant number. It's not -- so we're going to be a player there. Of course, we're going to be a player in -- for a while there. We have very good facilities in biodiesel that are integrated with our refineries, with our crushing plants. So in that sense, they are more secure than others in the fight for soybean oil, if you will. But I think as we said it -- as I said it at the onset, I think that we need to see how this develop because this is the fight for decarbonization of the economy, if you will. And there are many things coming into play for the long-term perspective, whether it's electric vehicles and other solutions. Remember, we were not discussing renewable green diesel a year ago. And there may be another solution coming back, another thing coming back later. So I think that we are all being prudent, not because we see any long-term bad, but also because we realize there are many people and many technologies looking at how to decarbonize the economy and transportation and all that. So I think it's a positive. I think we're going to participate in that. I think that if everything that is announced or, as I said, 70% comes, I think it's going to be significant and meaningful. But I think at least for the next few years down the road, this is going to bring tightness to the oil market, which is going to increase associate margins, and we have seen that happening and will increase -- and will keep crush margins robust as they are today. So -- but reading much further than that, forecasting in this energy area is prone to mislead people because technology is coming very rapidly into the area. And technology tends to have this breakthrough impact, if you will, as renewable green diesel is having it right now, but we need to see the duration of all that. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say we probably will provide more granularity on -- we are going through our own planning season. So we're going to provide more granularity at the Q4 call on 2021 targets. But I think that if you've been following us, you see that there is a certain cadence to what we bring to the table. And these programs are not a one-off, when we are engaging things like readiness, which is a key component of that or harvesting or improve. We're working on our portfolio. Hopefully, we're going to have less improved going forward and more harvesting. But -- so the mix of that is going to change somehow. Some things don't repeat themselves. For example, thankfully, like the storms that we have in 2019 didn't reproduce in the same damage in 2020. So some of those things may come up and down. But there are some solid trends. You can see in readiness, those programs are very robust. So we're going to build the algorithm on the things that we can control. And we're probably going to come again with more granularity in the next earnings call. But as I said, I think you -- I think investors have gotten used to our cadence on that. And we tend to have a very robust portfolio of things that we can control. And so it's not going to be a shocking array of possibilities. You're going to see possibilities around harvesting, around some improvements and around readiness. And the numbers may fluctuate here and there, but that's the gist of it. 
Vincent Macciocchi: Thank you, Eric. I think if you think about our business -- and maybe I'll start kind of where you finished in terms of some of our greatest strengths. I think our greater strengths are obviously the breadth and depth of the pantry coupled with our technical capabilities and providing solutions backed by science. I think you also marry that with the global consumer trends when you think about the focus on the microbiome, focus on plant-based foods, sustainability and good for you, and you think about clean label moving to clear label. Our portfolio is really well positioned when you think about our flavors business and the focus on natural and our continued growth in the mature market and as we expand our footprint into the emerging markets. Specialty ingredients, obviously, we have a dominant share as a key protein -- plant-based protein provider. And we're providing soy, pea and wheat from a plant-based protein perspective and really capitalizing on that global consumer trend. If you look at our Health and Wellness business, we have a fantastic portfolio, really focused on probiotics and postbiotics as well as fiber as well as vitamins as well as specialty oil, so a really complete portfolio across Health and Wellness. And then obviously in Animal Nutrition, we completed the acquisition of Neovia in 2019. Obviously, we've over-delivered against the synergy targets, but it's a global, robust business. It's really focused on, obviously, complete feed additives and ingredients, aquaculture, pet. So really moving that portfolio to realize synergies, grow organically and capitalize on our global footprint. So where is our opportunity? There's certainly opportunity to further expand in the flavors business into emerging markets. We're always looking at technology in our portfolio and geography, in the plant-based business and specialty ingredients. It's really making sure we're providing outside of the Americas and looking to enhance our footprint there. In Health and Wellness, it's really capitalizing on the microbiome and expanding our capability. Juan mentioned in his remarks that we're expanding our facility in Valencia, Spain. That will give us significant capacity increase to capitalize on our growing demand. And then on animal, I think our story is really one where we finish the integration, we grow organically, we margin up that portfolio, and we continue to combine all pieces of our portfolio and provide solutions backed by science. 
Vincent Macciocchi: Thank you, Juan, and thank you, Ben. I think it's important if you just take a pause and see where we're at. If you look on a year-to-date basis through 3 quarters, we're at $448 million, whereas we did $419 million all of last year. So to Juan's point, it's a good growth story and a good growth trajectory from an organic basis. And what we've done is we've really taken the approach of let's grow organically. Let's expand our customer base. We've made significant investments in our key account management program and our approach to the customers and really expanding that base on a worldwide basis. As I mentioned in my remarks that we've invested over $6 billion in this business. So yes, we've done platform deals that we've integrated and then grown organically, and we've done a series of bolt-ons. But additionally, we've invested in our own facilities. We built a greenfield pea production facility in Enderlin. We built a soy protein complex in Campo Grande in Brazil. We've done acquisitions in the citrus space, the vanilla space, the food-based space, the bioactive space. And so obviously, we're harvesting those investments right now and continuing to take those businesses and grow those businesses and add them to our portfolio of capabilities. So I think that's what gives us some optimism. And we look at our win rate in the marketplace as well. And we look at our pipeline of opportunities. Again, when you take these capabilities and the size of the pantry which we depicted earlier, and you marry those with the technical capabilities we have on a worldwide basis from a science and technology perspective and a creation, design and development perspective, that translates to a very high win rate against customer opportunities that actually launched in the marketplace. Therefore, we have an organic growth road map as Juan identified within the time horizon of the strategic plan that will get us to that $1 billion aspiration. And again, we'll continue to search, as Juan indicated earlier, for smart bolt-ons and perhaps platform deals if and when they make sense. 
Vincent Macciocchi: Thanks, Tom. Well, the top line in nutrition is growing. When you look across the broader nutrition business on a year-to-date basis, where we've grown at approximately 6% FX adjusted. So we have a very aggressive growth plan from a revenue perspective. And obviously, there are some puts and takes. There's been some headwinds related to COVID affecting some of our sectors as well as some FX issues. But at the same token, we've realized significant revenue growth in certain areas of our portfolio. When you look at the Flavors business, primarily in North America and Asia Pacific, we look at our Specialty Ingredients business, primarily in North America, South America, in the growth of plant-based meat alternatives. We look in Health & Wellness. Obviously, very important growth across that space, really in terms of the bioactives, our specialty oils, our fiber portfolio. So with our fixation on customers, we're growing top line revenues. It's one of the key tenets of our organic growth opportunities in our plan. And then look at animal nutrition. So obviously, there's some things that have affected aquaculture and some other FX things there related to the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso. But at the same token on a year-to-date basis, we're up 7.5% FX adjusted. So we do have a very aggressive plan to drive the revenue. We're focused on revenue. I mentioned pipeline earlier. That's a key barometer to how we measure our opportunity for future success and to drive revenue growth. So it's a heavy emphasis. And obviously, at the same time, while we're growing revenue and we're growing our businesses across the portfolio, if you look at our margin performance, it's increased as well. So we're focused on price, we're focused on profitability, and we're focusing on margining up all of our businesses across the portfolio. 
Vincent Macciocchi: Yes. I think there's a couple of things. I mean when I spoke at the outset, when you talk about growth in the overall market of 5% to 7% per year, we certainly need to be in that range or outpacing that range. And obviously, we continue to marry with our operating profit performance. As Juan outlined, we're approximately -- to continue on our current trajectory, 15% per year gets us to that within the time horizon of this plan. 
Ray Young: Yes, it's Ray here. Well, first of all, we've done a very good job managing the stranded costs of our 2 temporarily idle dry mills. And I think also with some additional idlings that have occurred in the industry. I think the industry has done a very good job in terms of balancing supply and demand in the ethanol industry. And that's part of the reason why when you look at inventories right now, EIA count on stocks are below 20 million barrels. And that's contributed towards, frankly, a reasonable ethanol margin environment that we've seen. And that's contributed, frankly speaking towards good results that we've seen both in our Starches and Sweeteners segment, which has the wet mills, and then also for VCP, which has the industrial-grade alcohol of our Peoria facility. So we believe that as we kind of enter the winter season, which you know seasonally driving miles come down during the winter, and so therefore, from an ADM perspective, we believe we're probably going to keep these dry mills temporarily idled as we go through the low season of gasoline demand and hence ethanol demand. That's the responsible thing to do. Then -- but when we look forward into the new year, as I indicated in the last call, we're going to look at the data, right? And so we're going to look at the data with respect to how the U.S. economy is recovering. We're going to look at the data in terms of how driving miles are going to seasonally recover as well. We're going to look at the data in terms of the industry utilization rates for ethanol because some of these ethanol mills that we've seen idled, they're going to be permanently idled. Some of them -- a lot of them have indicated that they're going to remain permanently idled as opposed to temporarily idled. And then importantly, we're going to be looking on very -- the Tenth Circuit Court ruling on special refinery exemptions and whether the Supreme Court is going to hear the case or not. So there's a lot of variables that you're going to be looking at. In addition, you may have heard that China is also starting to look at potential imports of ethanol from United States into the country. I think there's been 1 boat that has gone to China. But they are making a lot of inquiries about U.S. ethanol. And so all of these variables are going to be very important factors in terms of our assessment in terms of when we actually restart these dry mills. Based upon any or all these variables becoming favorable, we could see that with the -- let's say, the spring season when normally the industry starts building up inventories of ethanol for the summer driving season, we could see that as we get into spring, that we may restart the dry mills again. But again, this will be a data-driven decision. We recognize the importance that we play in order to make sure we have good supply/demand balances in our industry. But again, looking at the variables, as we see it right now, we could -- we clearly see the path towards some sort of restart in the first half of next year. 
Ray Young: It's been a good news story, right? I mean we started the year with 1 plant, our Peoria plant, 85 million gallons a year. Demand shot through the roof for industrial-grade alcohol. And so we actually combination ran the plant hard plus we've expanded the capacity of that plant. So we'll be up to 100 million gallons very shortly. And then secondly, we also made some investments into another facility, Clinton, and we're going to actually expand production of industrial-grade alcohol in that facility as well. So by the end of this year, our run rate in terms of industrial ethanol production would have increased by over 50%. In addition, the quality of the ethanol that we produce is very, very high. I mean you've probably read many stories about hand sanitizers in whereby the quality of the alcohol within the hand sanitizers is poor. And frankly, a lot of them have been pulled out of the market. The customers are looking for a high-quality industrial alcohol. And that's what ADM is able to deliver. That's the reason why we've expanded capacity in order to meet the demands of these customers. 
Ray Young: Yes. Just to again remind people, when we did the Wilmar equity block transaction, secondary offering, we were creating effectively balance sheet flexibility by improving the capital base of our company. So it was not a liquidity move. We had ample liquidity. It's basically helping to further deleverage the balance sheet. And so -- I mean, as we indicated, our intent -- after funding the Neovia acquisition earlier this year, our intent was to basically get our balance sheet back into the low 2s, when you think about metrics, get down to the low 2s by the end of the year. And so these actions are designed to help us get to the low 2s. And I feel good that with the actions that we've done, we're going to get there towards the low 2s. And so that creates balance sheet flexibility on our part. And as we indicated, that gives us the flexibility to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. And as you know, Vince always has a list of opportunities that he's looking at. And our responsibility is to make sure that we have the balance sheet in order to kind of support it when these opportunities materialize. And then also share repurchases, I mean, to the extent that the equity markets make a correction in the future, due to whatever reasons, macroeconomic issues. And we have the balance sheet also to pursue opportunistic share repurchases when we think that there is a significant value gap relative to our intrinsic value. So we're doing this. We've done that. We pursued some debt repurchases as well, debt tenders. And just to remind you, earlier this year, we issued some long bonds when the credit markets were extremely volatile. I mean, at that juncture, we did not know what was going to happen in the short-term credit markets. We didn't know how the central banks were going to behave. Well, what's turned out is that central banks have come in to support the markets. And so with the balance sheet that we had, the liquidity position that we had, we decided to opportunistically go on tender bonds and actually execute some that make-whole on some of the bonds outstanding. And so we actually -- we purchased about $1.2 billion worth of debt in the quarter with positive NPV transactions. And so with the credit profile that we have, our debt cost that we had, this was a tremendous transaction from an NPV perspective, delivering good value for our shareholders here, right? So I think we've got the balance sheet into the shape that we would like. We got $10 billion in liquidity. So we can weather any type of additional global slowdown that maybe a second wave of COVID-19 could bring to this company. We have no issues in terms of being able to weather any of the risks associated with the second wave and the impacts there. And we have the dry powder right now for Vince to go pursue the bolt-ons that we've talked about in the past. 
