Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we'll report the second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.41. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $573 million. After a challenging start of the year, general market conditions began to turn at the end of the second quarter, providing us with improved opportunities for the second half of the year. Weak grain handling margins and merchandising results continued for Ag Services. Results for Corn including the strong performance in sweeteners and starches offset by lower ethanol results. Our Oilseeds operations leveraged their flex capacity to crush record volumes of soybeans in the second quarter as global protein demand continues to grow. WFSI saw a strong growth in flavors and systems with operating profit in line with the year-ago quarter. During the quarter, we continued to advance our strategic plan, acquiring full ownership of Amazon Flavors, a leading Brazilian manufacturer of natural extracts, emulsions and compounds. We added soybean crushing capability to our facility in Straubing, Germany, allowing us to utilize flex capacity, while also meeting growing customer demand for non-GMO soybean meal and oil in Western Europe. We continued to invest in Asia's growing and evolving food demand by further increasing our strategic ownership stake in Wilmar from 20% to 22%. In addition, we continued to make progress in the strategic review of our ethanol dry mills. We have implemented almost $150 million of new run-rate savings actions in the first half of the year and remain on track to meet our $275 million target by the end of the calendar year. Also, we repurchased about $500 million of shares in the first half as we continued to execute on our balanced capital allocation framework. The first half of the year was very challenging. However, with improved fundamentals, we anticipate a more favorable second half of the year. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard progress later in the call. Now, I will turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure. Yeah. Thank you, Adam. So, as I said before, the outlook for U.S. exports is much better, and current elevation margins are much higher than the last two quarters. Export elevation margins are likely to continue higher in the back of the year. So, as you said, demand continues to be strong, and the U.S. is competitive now for the future months. We also are seeing with carries and basis gains that have returned to the market, we expect in the same area that destination marketing continue to increase for us, the impact of that. And we expect an even more impact in 2017. Milling volumes normally gets into our high season in Q3, so we expect another pickup from there. And general transportation results are expected to improve on increased loads and higher freight rates. We expect southbound volume probably increase in the range of 30% in Q3. So, all-in-all, we're optimistic by the picture we're seeing in Ag Services after many months of subdued performance, if you will.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Tom. Our expectation for net exports is in the range of 850 million to 900 million gallons. And obviously, China is the second largest market of ethanol in the world. And we have seen there – both in China and in India, the export – the imports picking up and that have been a boost obviously for U.S. exports. Your concerns are probably given by the change in corn policy in China and to what extent that will reduce the imports. We believe in that range, in the 850 million to 900 million gallons. We continue to see other markets coming on again strongly like India; we believe China may or may not reduce there. We believe Canada will be there. We believe Mexico will join. So, in general, we feel strongly about it and we could argue China may dedicate some of that corn to make ethanol, but also there are questions about the quality of those reserves and how much of that can actually be turned into ethanol. So, again, when we look at the forecast and without having a significant amount of China exports in the second half, we believe into the – in the 850 million to 900 million gallon range for net exports for the U.S.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, David. So, yes. I am in the board of Wilmar. Listen, the significant loss was triggered by extremely volatile movements in soybean future prices and board crush margins in Q2 caused by you know rapidly evolving crop conditions in Argentina. The Wilmar risk management to the extent that I can comment on that, I mean, they're going to be releasing earnings next week. So, I need to be prudent here. But the Wilmar risk management process include having the risk limits and loss limits and having stop losses on positions like every risk company and with the abrupt movements in prices, these stop losses were triggered in Q2. Without going into the details of their performance, we do believe this being a one-off situation, and if you think about Wilmar, they participate in a very – I mean they are a very large crusher, and they participate in a very volatile part of the world, this is their first quarterly loss since their IPO in 2006. So, this – it's not that this is a common occurrence and as unfortunate as it is, we do believe that hopefully it's a one-off. But again, I will relate you to their earnings call that is going to happen in – I think in August 12. Regarding the – our ability to offset some of these with Q3 performance in Oilseeds, obviously, this is $100 million delta in Q3, which is difficult. We are optimistic about our Oilseeds performance in the second half and we believe that for – the U.S. will be a center stage for exports during the second half of the year. So, at this point in time, we believe that Oilseeds will be able to have very good performance in Q3 even despite the $100 million that you will have to adjust for the Wilmar impact.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Farha. I think, you described it correctly. Given the last couple of years that we have with a lot of volatility, I will probably refrain from issuing a statement on the range until we see us going through this more normalized conditions, if you will. We certainly are very optimistic for the second half of the year in Ag Services with several components. As I talked a little bit about exports, and we feel very confident about that. We have a big book on already with strong elevation margins. We see strong demand continues and the combination of strong demand with certainly large crops in the U.S. will bode well for Ag Services in order to be able to handle a lot of grain. Wheat carries are there. And I think with a little bit of softening of the – on the dollar plus the big crops, the U.S. is competitive in soybeans, is competitive in – certainly is competitive in corn, is competitive in soybeans. And it's getting competitive in wheat. So, I think that bodes very well for our Ag Services business. So...
Juan Ricardo Luciano: I think we are, Ken. I – we tend to agree with you. We think that with the growth rates that there are out there and it can continue to tighten capacity until the point in which it makes sense to start expanding capacity. So, we believe in growing margins going forward and we believe that we are in excellent position to do that. You heard me saying several times about our flex capacity and how we have added to our plans, the ability to crush more soybeans and we have done that in several parts of the world, not only in North America, but also in Europe. And there has been the bottlenecks; we reported this quarter, record soybean crush in both Europe and North America, and that's the fruits basically of our operational excellence effort in which every plant has been able to turn a little bit more of a bigger output as the market demand. So, we think we are very well-positioned and we think that the market requires that. So, we tend to agree with you. We think that 2017 and forward could be good years for us.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. I think at this point in time in the U.S., the plants are running at the mid-80%s capacity. And we believe that the margins are solid margins, strong margins for North America. So, without giving you any specific numbers, it comes down from an exceptional position, if you will, but we still believe that they are strong. The global customer have not come to the market that aggressively yet, so at this point in time, I will say our export book trails a little bit the one of last year, but we believe that that's going to be corrected so...
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, Eric, we expect Q3 to be significantly better than the quarters that we've been posting in Ag Services and certainly with the potential for Q4 obviously to be even bigger. But we will see the improvement already in Q3, and I will say it should be a strong improvement.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. It's been weak so far, as you referred to, Eric. And – but you know, at this point in time, Canada is looking at a very good crop and with China having drawn down some of the oil stocks, we think that a good story may be brewing now there for Canadian crush business. So, we have become recently more positive about that business, and the perspective of that business for the second half.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Mike. So the issue with when you think about the ethanol industry when we came into the Q2 in April, ethanol inventories were basically very high, running about 8% above last year. So, obviously, going into the driving season, we took some shutdowns. And at the end of July, inventories are about 3.4% above last year. So a more normal, if you will, inventory situation. So, at this point in time, we will continue to titrate that, whether we run for yield as I describe sometimes or we run for volume. I think that given the volatility of the ethanol results, we'd probably always keep an eye on running for yield. But we probably don't see the need right now to slow down like we did in Q2 where we took a hit for the volume that we didn't move, so.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So some of the legacy businesses, one of the businesses is, for example, hydrocolloids. Hydrocolloids go like about half of it to food applications and that continues to go really well, but about half of it goes to drilling fluids. And as you can read, the industry has basically reduced significantly the drilling in the U.S., so that market has been significantly impacted. So nothing to do with our food strategy, if you will, but it happens that we report it in that segment. The second is related to fibers, the fibers market. It has a little bit of overcapacity, so prices have been soft there, and we have some more competition. And one of the businesses that we are acquired, SCI, have had some issues with the inventory that we needed to write off or sell it at a discount because they may not have been in the greatest of conditions. So all those three things basically impacted the WFSI business. On the other hand, WILD Flavors is growing significantly and it's going to post growth of about 20% year-over-year basically on innovation that is happening at the customer level. So when we talked about the revenue synergies being a little bit slow, it's because obviously, first of all, you need to think about how to combine all these products into a new solution. And then you create the prototypes and then you present those to the customer and customers create a marketing campaign and also look at the potential for that product and look at the stability of those products. So that approval process takes a little bit longer, especially in some of the companies that are very much focusing nowadays on cost and productivity. And they may not have that many people to take care of this product. So that's why we tried to ramp up a little bit more the cost synergies to make sure we don't fall behind in our promises. But, as I've said, the WILD Flavors business is going strong and having again probably a 20% increase in profits versus already a record year like it was 2015. So we are extremely proud of the business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Farha. I wouldn't like to describe a number or talking about the number for 2017, but certainly, the dynamics at this point in time in the industry calls for a little bit of a continuation of the supply-demand fundamentals we see now. Certainly, exports to Mexico have been better than expected certainly. There has been a flattening of the secular decline of the U.S. domestic market, if you will. And what we continue to do, which we like and it bodes well for the future of the business is we continue to introduce new products. And some of these products are more at the developmental stage, if you will, but some you can see in the press releases that we continue to launch these products. At this point in time, I cannot give you top of my head something that you could look at to track the progression of that portfolio. But traditionally, five years ago, we look at trying to replace 10% of the grind, if you will, just in case hydrocolloids (53:25) were going to decline 2% per year, which is nothing happened. So we haven't needed to bring all those products, but we have all those developments. And as we're trying to sell up our capacity and bring products that got higher margins, we continue to introduce some of that. So, probably, we will get together with our businesses and we will try to come up with some kind of indication that at least you can track on the progress of that initiatives. We haven't done it, as I said, because of the strength of sweeteners and starches. We didn't feel that we needed to communicate anything of that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Ray G. Young: Yeah. It's Ray here. I mean, the way we kind of look at this year, second half compared to let's say, the second half of last year, I mean, there are several variables that have moved in our favor. And first of all, the U.S. dollar actually has stabilized compared to where we were last year. In fact, you've seen that relative to other crop growing regions, the dollar has actually become a lot more competitive. And that's a favorable factor for Ag Services as we look towards exports in the back half of the year. And frankly, that's been reflected in terms of elevation margins, forward elevations margins that we're seeing right now compared to what we saw last year. And secondly, if you recall last year, there was this overhang regarding Argentina, you remember? And we went into second half of the year, there was a lot of concern that with the change in the government, that there was going to be a flood of Argentinean products entering world markets and that actually depressed margins significantly. What we've seen this year is in fact due to some weather issues down in Argentina and Brazil, this overhang doesn't exist. In fact, a lot of the surplus corn and wheat that was in Argentina actually moved to the world markets already, and hence, you don't have the Argentine overhang. And that's going to be favorable in terms of how U.S. exports are going to look like. I mean, thirdly, global demand remains very, very strong, in terms of what we're seeing, in terms of the demand factors. And then as I indicated, there has been – due to weather factors, shortages that have occurred, out of South America that's actually helped in terms of global supply demand balance that we're seeing right now. And that's a favorable with respect to U.S. exports in the back half of the year. Then lastly, you take a look at the U.S. crop, I mean, the USDA numbers are very, very healthy. But I mean, expectations are that potentially crop could actually be bigger than what the USDA is predicting. So, the supply environment and the opportunity book for basis opportunities in the U.S. actually becomes a lot real as we move into the back half of this year compared to where we were last year. So, in general, that's the reason why we're seeing a lot more optimism particularly for the Ag Services division as we move into the back half of this year compared to where we were last year.
Ray G. Young: Ken, it's Ray here. Yes, as we indicated, we've already done management presentations to some potential interested parties. We've been very open-minded in terms of what alternatives we would consider, whether it be a sale, whether it be joint ventures, whether it be some other structures there. We're going to evaluate all these options. We expect first indications back to us in the month of August, and we'll look at what makes sense from a value maximization perspective for our company here.
Ray G. Young: On the question regarding just the timing effects, I've indicated in prior calls that in the Oilseeds division, we normally have some level of timing effects. In this quarter, it was really related to soft seeds and biodiesel. In the past, I've indicated this normal range. It could be anywhere up to $40 million to $50 million, plus or minus. And so in this particular quarter, it was more of a negative timing effect that we expect to reverse out in the second half of this year. So we didn't call out a number. It's within our normal ranges. So it's within the normal $40 million to $50 million type of number that we would normally have.
Ray G. Young: One thing to note, Farha, is we have purchased the remaining interest in Eaststarch. That is something different and that is an increment compared to where we were before. So that clearly is a positive. And as we indicated in prior calls, the Eaststarch acquisition was about $0.04 per share accretive to our overall earnings going forward.
