Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As you turn to Slide 4, as I usually do, I'll begin with safety. As we closed out our fiscal 2010, we reduced our lost work day injury rate by 26% and our total recordable injury rate by 9% compared to 2009. I would like to thank ADM colleagues and contractors alike for your efforts and commitment to improve safety. Turning to our financial results. The ADM team finished strong, capping a very good year with very good fourth quarter performance. This morning, we reported annual net earnings of $1.9 billion or $3 per share and quarterly net earnings of $446 million or $0.69 per share. Our large projects are nearly finished. We have started up our dry ethanol mill in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, which should be fully operational by the end of this month. And we are moving toward completion of our propylene glycol plant in Decatur, Illinois, though we've slowed the pace as we work through some start-up issues. We expect this plant to be fully operational in the fourth quarter of this calendar year. As we begin our new fiscal year, we commit to use our strong balance sheet and cash flow to deliver shareholder value. In the past, we've discussed with you our strategy to expand the volume and scope of our core model. Now as we start the year, I want to give you a clear sense of how and where we intend to grow over the next five years. I plan to provide some detail each quarter, so let me start this quarter with Global Oilseeds. We will grow crush volumes over the next five years at a compound annual growth rate of 7% to 10%. This is about double the predicted market growth, and we will achieve this through both organic growth and acquisitions. For that goal, we have begun construction of a soybean crush plant in the port city of Villeta, Paraguay. The plant will have a capacity of 3,300 metric tons per day and is targeted to be operational in 2012. This plant adds more than 25% to our South American crush capacity, and we'll provide more information on this project in an announcement later today. In future quarters, we'll detail how and where we intend to grow Ag Services, Corn and Sugar. Using our strong balance sheet and cash flow to generate shareholder value demands a strong capital allocation process and a pipeline of good projects. We have built that process, and we continue to fill that pipeline. We will invest in projects that, when fully integrated into our business, enable us to meet or exceed company return rates of 2% over our weighted average cost of capital. As you may know, we have a substantial authorization for share buybacks. We have recently spoken with the rating agencies and have regained some flexibility for share repurchase. We did buy back $100 million of shares in the fourth quarter. Going forward, as we look at uses of cash flow, share repurchase is now among our options. Our performance this quarter again demonstrates the success of ADM's ongoing balanced business model, and the substantial growth objectives we've set focus our energy and our investment for the future. As we deliver on these objectives, we will make ADM an even stronger company, better able to serve the world's growing demand for agriculture. I'll turn the call now over to Steve, who will review our segment results for the quarter.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you very much, Steve. John Rice will join Steve and me for the Q&A. So operator, if you’ll please open the line for questions.
Patricia Woertz: I'll start, John. As you know, they're reviewing a request to allow gasoline blends up to E15, which is likely to be only applicable to certain model years. While we support that, we're also concerned that any regulatory outcome that cannot be applied to all cars or might not be applicable to all cars will not be widely accepted. So we have formally requested that the EPA consider up to E12 in the context of its E15 waiver request so that you could use E12. They would be allowed for use in all vehicles. And we've studied the available technical data, and our technical team has provided our analysis to the EPA in support of blends up to E12 for all vehicle model years. And so we think we've shown the EPA. They have multiple options to punch through this blend wall, but I can't predict the outcome. So we're hopeful, but we'll see.
Patricia Woertz: Well, they have asked the DOE for additional testing, which has taken some time. It's not complete as I understand it. So they've also asked if we had any additional data to provide it. So we used all the data of record and scoured more publicly available data and put that in a format with our analysis to support as well.
Patricia Woertz: Well, the EPA staff and our technical staff and any time we've met, there's been receptivity to good science, good data, good discussion and analysis. So we'll see. We're hopeful.
Patricia Woertz: And California, Michael, has, as you know, adopted a low carbon fuel standard, and it's to go into effect in January 2011, I believe. And they're talking about extending it a year. It set a high standard, but certainly you need to calculate the individual plant's carbon intensity score, and we believe that good science is part of that process. And I believe there's new studies from the same university studies they used the first time that revised the science, and so hopefully that will be part of the work going into the extension. So still stay tuned on the California Resources Board's work there.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think it's more the progression of the specificity of growth targets, Ken. So we've talked about our holistic strategy, and as you know, filling out the global footprint and what we're attempting to do in each segment, we've talked about in many of our conferences as well as presentations. I think the example with global oilseeds of the 7% to 10% growth and exceeding predicted market growth and having some information about specific projects that are used as sort of the backup and the clarification of that, I think lines up well when you have the projects to announce. So we're going to do that as they come forward, and it has more clarity for you, I think, and more specificity as you have more information.
Patricia Woertz: Well, we'll probably not give you the full cost, but yes, it is included, the amount of spending that we will make in 2011, Diane, is included in that rough $1 billion spending.
Patricia Woertz: Well, there's a couple of questions in there, Rob. So let me first start with we have very strong cash flows, cash from operations, as you know, and as we've wound down this organic capital spending, our cash will be very strong. When I talk about our strategy, it's an investment for the future. It's growing and it's growing over a five-year period. So as an example, the growth in global oilseeds is it's an annual compound annual growth rate of 7% to 10%, but it's over a five-year period. So yes, it's important to invest sometimes even when you're on a little bit of a down cycle or not, timing isn't always perfect, but sometimes timing can be very perfect relative to acquisitions and when things come online. So strong cash flow, good investment for the future, good opportunities. We've got to continue to look at the pipeline and be disciplined about those investments, but we feel good about our opportunities longer term.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think to hit the 7% to 10%, it will be both organic and acquisitions. It represents about 25% of the South American crush and about 3 1/2% of total global crush. So it's a move, but it's not the whole piece, so we'll continue to build. We've talked about Eastern Europe. We've talked about South America. We continue to have India on our radar screen. So you'll hear more in the future as things are specific in those regions, but yes, we'll need more than just this plant, but it's part of the puzzle.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I'd say that we have both process and deal flow has increased, and process is to allow both a capability internally that we have, as well as people on the ground and our evaluation process, etcetera, is a strong. And we continue to look and fill the pipeline with opportunities, obviously things not necessarily that we can talk about, but yes, we're improving that pipeline. I'd say there's more than there was a year ago, yes.
Patricia Woertz: Christina, I'd add, too, John's point, the soybean production in Paraguay has been growing. It's been growing at a double digit, I think 13% for the past 10 years. Our strategy has been to increase our origination and the logistics in the region. So building the plant is actually an important move and a continuation of that strategy. I think the market absolutely is both asking for the plant, and I think we'll have a good position there.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think if it's applicable to all cars in the fleet, the issue of substance substantially similar comes into play, so it works through the gasoline pool in the same way as E10 does today. You don't need additional labeling, there's no additional issues related to pumps, infrastructure, etcetera, it merely flows through the system the way E10 does today. So that's the positive side of having any amount of ethanol in the entire fuel pool that there's not this bifurcation, so to speak in it . You asked how readily adoptable, I think eight out of 10 of our customers talk about blending economics, and I think they'd like to be blending beyond the current rates because the economics are there. So I believe it would be acceptable in the market as increases have been in the past.
Patricia Woertz: Maybe adding to John's point there, just a moment, Bryan, also it depends on, if you recall, we had quite a tight contractor workforce issue in the U.S. three years ago when we started these plants construction and that became a bit of a higher cost for us but that has subsided now.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think as Steve said in his remarks, that without the blending credit in place, it's sort of the industry the U.S. biodiesel industry is essentially nonexistent. We have seen some vegetable oil exports from the U.S. There has been several discussions in Congress or members of the staff that have tried to put the extension in various bills, but with the discussions in Congress today, I guess it's find a bill to attach it to, which may be a similar situation for the ethanol tax extension upcoming here at year end. I think there's positive signs that people want to extend it. They understand in an overall energy policy that this is part of the mix and should be a strong part of the mix, but again, you need a bill to get it through. So more time, less to do the one on ethanol and perhaps the biodiesel credit could still be retroactively applied. Some are still discussing that.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I guess, as I said, depending on where Congress is, there's a discussion about the extension of the tax credit and finding the way to pay for it, so to speak and having it part of another bill. So there's always a concern when a tax credit is about to expire but I think there's good discussion, and I think those that are involved understand the issue and understand how many jobs are at stake and how much of the Ethanol business contributes to the world economies, etcetera. So I think there's very good understanding.
Patricia Woertz: And, Ian, I'll jump in here, too, Ian. We take a global view of this. ADM's risk management is a very global system where we consolidate daily, if you will, in one spot, in one view and share that view. And I think it helps to understand what's going on in lots of different markets, as well as what farmers are viewing in any particular region. And so I'd just say, it's part of our overall way we look at risk management.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I don't know, I don't think there's an automatic to any liability issue, but I think there are, I can't speak for the auto manufacturers in total, but there are ones that support the E12 in the full carpool because they know their fleet is capable of it. So I can't comment about liability issues that I don't know.
Patricia Woertz: Well, we've been building trying to get better all the time, first of all, Ken, and I think we've expanded our team that includes those that both evaluate both on the ground in the business units, coordinated with our team at the center. Our evaluation process, our due diligence process, as well as we've added, we made an announcement this quarter on opening an office in Beijing. One of our strategy folks and business development executives will be leading that office and moving there. So there's been both a geographic and a capability increase in the overall process.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think we'll always continue to evolve and get better. A quick example, we're doing look-back processes. John and his team have looked back at what we've spent on those capital projects, small acquisitions, larger ones. we looked back, learned, feed it into the system for the next one, I mean, we're always getting better.
Patricia Woertz: I think it's been a focus. So I'll call it a change that's stepped us up because it's a focus, and I think it's a focus for a greater number of leaders, yes.
Patricia Woertz: Well, we haven't studied it thoroughly. I think every time you have an opportunity for an innovative idea or using innovation or different ideas are helpful to talk it through. We think support associated with the vetech [ph] [12:37] is important here, and if there are suggestions to get that kind of support in another way around, we'll certainly look at it.
Patricia Woertz: Well, thank you so much for your time, everyone, and all your questions today. As you close out a year, it's sometimes good to take at a moment to reflect, and I'd just like to say bravo to the ADM team and thank you for a very, very good year. We have Slide 18 showing a couple of upcoming investor conferences, and we'll look forward to talking with you in November. Bye now.
John Rice: I would just add to what Pat said. Don't really pay a lot of attention to what our competitors are doing in the market. We really manage our own book. But there's a lot of things, David, as you well know, that go into processing margins. It can be bean basis. It can be the long beans to meal. It can be long oil to meal, beans to oil and everything else. So there's a lot of moving parts in that and just to be able to pick out one part just gets a little bit tougher. I think our group and our team managed through this last quarter's market and for the year very well.
John Rice: Well, we don't like to give forward guidance. But right now, as in Steve’s comments, we do see a fairly steady and growing world protein demand. Now the North American Oilseed operations are running slower than the rest of the world, and also we have increased capacity coming on in Canada. And as you well know, conditions are constantly changing and what the August weather's going to do, what the corn harvest comes out and then also how the soybean harvest comes out here in September.
John Rice: We had a slight increase in the wet mill grinds that we try every year. But the majority, as Steve said, is through the dry mill.
John Rice: Well, the difference between those two different time frames, and I want to quantify that as of today, since we have a lot of moving points right now, is we do have a bigger crop carryout when it comes to wheat and other oilseeds also, which should help with other blending opportunities. We come in Monday. The Russians are not going to export wheat. We come in today. The Russians are going to export wheat. So it's a constantly moving target. We're going to have to watch the weather. We're going to have to watch the Australian weather. That's going to be the next key crop. And then I think we're just going to have to see how the harvest comes to really get a determination on what kind of disruptions of any flows we'll see.
John Rice: You just don't know. If there is a poor wheat crop, the world will have to come back to the United States for wheat exports as it did back in '07/'08.
John Rice: Well, as the price of wheat, here in the last month, has raised a lot compared to the price of corn, you will see people switch from feed wheat into corn. And as prices come back down, so you could build a case that coming out of the United States, you could see more corn exports and more wheat exports.
John Rice: Well, currently in Steve comments, we're way below the mandate. So at that point in time, I would not anticipate any blending cutbacks with the refiners, but as you well know, this is always a moving target, it changes from, as the price of corn moves, as price of gasoline moves but at the current economics, it wouldn't change in my opinion.
John Rice: On the tariff itself, I think that could be separate than the blenders credit. Like we've said in the past, we're all for free trade, as long as everybody plays by the same rules, and that's our view on the import tariff, as long as other parts of the world will take or imports or our exports, I should say, then that's what our concern is on the import tariff. But I think that will be a separate issue than the blenders credit.
John Rice: And as far as the ethanol margins, with the price volatility we've seen here in corn, I'd still say they're not real profitable but at times you get plants that can run at a profit. But I think the whole issue still is we have about 14.6 billion gallons of capacity that would be ready to come online at the end of this year, and we're running at about 13 billion. So I'd call it close for a lot of plans, close to maybe a breakeven, depending on what the price of corn is any given day.
John Rice: Well, we feel that this plant is very well located, and it's really a long-term trend, like Pat was mentioning. Global demand will keep increasing as the population keeps increasing. We look for a 5% compound annual growth rate when it comes to that. So we're always looking at where we feel the best investment is, where these assets would fit into our offer global value chain and we're not going to hit every quarter right when the plant comes on but we still believe in the long term.
John Rice: We do not see it. The USDA is still calling for about a 1.4 billion bushel carryout this year and next, fairly close. The rough rule of thumb is any time it's over a billion bushels, there's plenty of stocks.
John Rice: Well, the reason we're building in Paraguay, as Pat mentioned, it's a growing area. We're building a fertilizer plant. It just really fits into our total infrastructure in Paraguay, but as you go around the world, we will be I would say probably more acquisitions than on the Greenfield sites. But we've been many places, we've talked to many people and we will decide what makes the most economic sense at the time. But to your other point, to your other question, has cost come down. It depends on the country and the unemployment situation. So it's kind of tough to just put a cart blanche statement out there on the cost. We've seen steel prices go up and down. So I'd say it's a little bit lower globally than the peak but not substantially.
John Rice: Well, to Steve's point, that we've been able to export soybeans out of the United States this summer, which a year, six months ago, I don't think many people would've thought would happen. And as we talked earlier, on the global wheat crop, what happens in Russia and Australia, that will have an effect on the exports of wheat out of the United States, and then also the relationship with the price of wheat to the price of corn, where we see more corn exports, plus how's the Chinese weather, I mean, with their corn crop. So there's still a lot of variables, but right now it looks like we should have a very good crop in the United States.
John Rice: Well, their bean exports have been better than people have expected throughout the year, and they have been importing a little bit of corn. But no major, no big numbers, I should say. And I think it's going to depend on their crop size.
John Rice: Well, throughout the world, you'll have different scenarios and different timings in when farmers will sell the crops. It can be tax reasons, it can just be inverses in the markets, it can be different carries, it can be just transportation issues. And currencies can also come into play. So I don't think there's a real rule of thumb in how farmers sell their crop throughout the year. It's kind of a little bit of a moving target all the time. It's really more about how you position, how your make your sales, you have x amount of demand going on globally all the time and how you cover those positions. I guess I don't really know how else to answer that question.
John Rice: Well, I can tell you that we're running over fructose assets at full capacity and that we've actually slowed down our ethanol here in Decatur. I mean it's kind of a little bit of a moving target, but right now we're running our assets out.
John Rice: It will have an effect on the rapeseed crush in Europe. So they will need to import some more protein. There is some talk they will actually import some corn, maybe some more corn byproducts, but it will have an overall protein effect on them. But I think so much still depends on how the wheat harvest comes on what their total needs are going to be.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Those comments sound a bit cautious relative to where we've seen the last few quarters of excellent profitability in Oilseeds. Hopefully, I'm taking you right. Just wanted one more question on the balance sheet. You made comments, Steve, about the increased flexibility to do share repurchase. Can you quantify this for us in anyway? And I apologize if you said it, but I missed the number on readily marketable inventories. Can you give us that number? And then comment on the balance sheet and your ability to take on new debt.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I suppose what I was trying to draw the idea was that if net debt, total debt minus cash, is $6.5 billion, and if readily marketable inventories, I think last quarter, was over $5.5 billion, if you treat readily marketables as a cash equivalent, then it would put ADM's balance sheet at one of the lowest levered multiples that I have seen in a very long time. So I think, quite frankly, maybe some people wouldn't understand that you're being very understated when you say that you have flexibility, thus the question goes right to the heart of the share repurchase. It would feel like you should have significant capacity to do share repurchase, but your comments would maybe seem a bit more tempered than that. So I was simply trying to draw out a little bit more.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Steve, can you talk about acquisitions in F '11 just in terms of like a dollar figure that you would be comfortable in handling? Would $500 million to $1 billion in acquisitions be kind of a reasonable guess? Obviously, I know this is kind of a hypothetical, it depends if they actually if you can come to terms with them, but I'm just trying to get a sense of scale.
Steven Mills: The first one is, we didn't give you readily mark [marketable]. I'll get to these maybe in no particular order. The readily marketable inventories, I didn't give you the readily marketable. The total inventories were about $7.7 billion at June 30. From a flexibility perspective, that's exactly what we have. We have flexibility within our current ratings to buy some shares back. We're going to do that in an opportunistic way, and we're going to do it in a way that maintains that credit rating that we have. So that share buyback opportunity is going to be in the mix with our acquisition program and CapEx program. So we're not going to lay out the exact number, but it's going to be a number that certainly fits within our current credit rating.
Steven Mills: Well, I think there's two points. First of all, readily marketable inventories are just that. We do use them to market and make profit. So as they're considered in our rating, it has a little different feel than just cash and other financial flexibility. And as you're well aware of and as we've demonstrated in the past, we do like to have a little bit in end reserve just in the case of volatility in the commodity market. So we do have more flexibility. We continue to have ongoing conversations with the rating agencies, and we're just pleased to have that lever of share buyback in the arsenal.
Steven Mills: Flexibility means that I can buy back shares right now with my current balance sheet to a certain level. Once we get past that, then there's all the moving parts such as buying back debt, et cetera. So at this point in time, we have some flexibility to buy shares back as is.
Steven Mills: I'll take the upfront costs and John can talk to you about the market. But we do have our Cedar Rapids plants up and running. It's not to full capacity yet, so we'll have some additional costs related to the Cedar Rapids plant. And as Pat mentioned, we're still working out some startup issues in our propylene, ethylene glycol plant, so we will have some. But I do expect certainly the pace of those costs to be dropping pretty significantly.
Steven Mills: And just as you, we do have some difficulty predicting what the bottom line result will be for that segment because it is somewhat dependent on how markets close and how positions move. And as we point out in the description there that some of the results are impacted by some of these forward derivatives that we have and that, from an accounting perspective, have to bring to market. All that being said, as we pointed out here, we had a gain in this particular quarter that was higher than what I would call the market or the economics of the business. And we've tried to point those out when they got significant in the last couple of quarters. So to say that it's the run rate is not accurate. That's why we give you those numbers to try to help cushion that back and forth. So we have some of that in all of our divisions, that happens, we're calling it out in the other because it is so significant to that particular segment.
Steven Mills: The wheat market, our Wheat business has had a very good year, and they continue to do well, again, subject to some of these same market conditions that all of us face. The Cocoa business has been improving, and as I pointed out, but it's still a tough operating environment in the cocoa side.
Steven Mills: As I think I pointed out on the last conference call that some of that mark-to-market did come into this quarter, but you have to remember it's a position that is constantly moving. And then part of that flowed back to prior quarters, so it was a mixture of both. There was some hedge ineffectiveness in there, so we did bring the results of that position, a part of that, into the quarter. As I said, though, it just wasn't a significant impact.
Steven Mills: That will be in 2011. I think it can actually be done over a period of time, and I have to look at it, but I believe it starts in March, between March to June that I've got that window.
Steven Mills: As we look at it, the most significant factors, well certainly is price and the volatility in the price. So assuming that we carried the same quantities, we've got the price both in the inventory, as well as in the underlying receivables as we collect those. So that's always the biggest wildcard for us by far. I think the other interesting component is the quantities themselves. Of course, we're adding a bit more processing capacity in the company, but I don't believe that will significantly move the working capital per se. The question more likely is the phrase we use here is what is the market telling you to do with inventories. We see with some of these large crops, especially here in the U.S., we could have more peaks and valleys in the working capital as the harvest all comes at potentially at one time, and we could see more inventory quantities as the market conditions dictate. So it's a real wildcard, and that's one of the reasons we leave ourselves with as much flexibility in our balance sheet as possible. I mean the good news with that is that it always runs through a cycle, right? These commodities are purchased and processed in a period and it does flow through. So sitting here today, it's hard to predict, but we have both a price and a quantity question here.
Steven Mills: Well, I think certainly, Bryan, and It goes back to the last couple of years and the reasons why they have been very conservative with us. They certainly have memories of 2008 when commodity prices went as high as they did, and that's factored into their thought process as they evaluate our credit, just as it goes through ours as well. So there's no question, that's part of their consideration.
Steven Mills: I'll just jump in a little bit. It's also dependent on how the farmers have done in the prior year, availability of credit, it's a long list of subjects. When I think about Brazil, specifically, the question of currency is a big one because soybeans are priced in dollars around the world, and that strengthening of the Brazilian currency just cuts into Brazilian farmers margins. So they're big farmers and many of them are big farmers and a part of it is their ability to hold the crops. Some can, some can't. So it all fits in their own risk management.
Steven Mills: Well, we certainly have that capacity to do that, and if we think about it and maybe even more than that, the pipeline easily supports that level of acquisition. It just depends how many are out there. So I don't think I have anything to add beyond that.
Steven Mills: Well, yes, I can. I'm going to cheat here because I've got a piece of paper that helps me with the new plants. The deprecation and, again, it's a moving target, but we ought to be up $70 million or $80 million from last year, just thinking about the new projects year-over-year. I have to think about the rest of them, but we'll certainly be up on the cash flow.
