Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight and welcome and good morning, everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. I will begin, as always, with safety. During our fiscal year 2011, we reduced our lost workday injury rate by almost 7% and our total recordable incident rate by 17% compared to fiscal 2010. However, we're still not at 0 incidents, 0 injuries, or even fatalities so we must, and we will, continue to make meaningful progress on safety. Turning to our financial results. This morning, we reported fourth quarter net earnings of $381 million or $0.58 per share on a fully diluted basis. Segments operating profits were $888 million, up 11%, excluding LIFO and other specified items, particularly some tax items, which Ray will discuss in a moment. ADM earned $0.69 per share. Despite a challenging environment in several key markets, ADM delivered solid operating results across all of our businesses for the quarter. We earned a record operating profit for the fiscal year with our growing global asset base, diversified product portfolio and the acumen of the ADM team. Since our last call, we've continued to execute on our strategy to drive profitable growth and shareholder return. I'd like to recap 7 expansions, acquisitions or projects from the quarter.  In North America, we announced expansion of our lysine and threonine production capacity to meet animal producers' growing demand for amino acids. Second, we acquired Cattleman's Choice Loomix, a liquid animal feed supplements business, making our entrance into the business and complementing our broad line of dry feed offerings.  And we are adding 2 joint ventures, shuttle train loading elevators in the Dakotas, as well as an ADM-owned facility in Minnesota. These will primarily serve the export market to Asia. In South America, we announced plans to construct a port facility in Nueva Palmira, Uruguay to enhance our ability to connect South American crops with the global market. In Asia, we opened our feed premix plant in Tianjin, China, to serve the growing Chinese market for animal nutrition products. And 2, in Europe. We acquired a grain elevator on the Elba River, in Riesa, Germany extending the reach of our origination capability.  And today, we are pleased to announce this morning with a later press release, a network project we've been working on for some time. It will increase our origination and transportation capabilities along the Danube River. We're adding 12 river elevators, one inland elevator, an export elevator on the Black Sea port of Constanta. And this seamless origination and export link is similar to our other networks, those along the Paraguay River or in fact, in the North America along the Mississippi. We've also continued to work to strengthen the ADM organization to drive this profitable growth. This is the first call this morning in which Juan is joining us. Since he came to ADM in April, Juan's been learning our business and perhaps the best way visiting our operations around the world, meeting with people and working with his team to develop our fiscal year 2012 business plan.  For today's call, I've asked him to highlight a few of the key areas of focus for this new fiscal year. Those areas are driving operational excellence, accelerating growth and sustaining ADM's outstanding risk management performance. So after Ray reviews our financial results for the quarter and the year, Juan will provide an update on current market conditions and discuss those fiscal 2012 focus areas. Looking ahead, we are confident in our people, our assets and our financial strengths to deliver profitable growth and value for our shareholders as we serve the vital needs of the growing world.  Now I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Patricia Woertz: Ray, let me interrupt you here before you turn the call over to Juan. We understand from our conference call service that there was a stock or a hold on our call for the first few slides. So what I'd like to do is summarize briefly my opening comments on Slide 4, and also ask Ray to cover the highlights from Slide 5 and 6. And then we'll go back to the order of Juan covering the current market conditions and then some looks ahead to our 2012 focus areas. I began with safety, covered that, turned to the financial results, which were in the press release, and noted that despite a challenging environment in several of our key markets, ADM delivered solid operating results across all our businesses for the quarter. We earned a record operating profit for the fiscal year with our growing global asset base, our diversified portfolio and the acumen of the ADM team. Since our last call, I covered 7 projects that were part of executing our strategy to drive profitable growth and shareholder returns. These were either project expansions or acquisition. If you would do review the script, you'll see that there were 3 in North America: our expansion of our lysine and threonine production; our acquisition of Cattleman's Choice Loomix; and adding joint venture shuttle train loading elevators as well as ADM facilities to expand our export capability to Asia. In South America, our port facility in Nueva Palmira in Uruguay to, again, connect the South American crops with global markets. In Asia, the premix feed plant in Tianjin, China. In Europe, the grain elevator in the Elbe River in Riesa, Germany. And then this morning, we will announce, with a further press release this morning, a network project we've been working on for some time. It will increase our origination and transportation capabilities along the Danube River. We are adding 12 river elevators, an inland elevator and export elevator on the Black Sea port of Constanta. And this seamless origination in export link is very similar to our networks along the Paraguay River and South America or even along the Mississippi River here in North America.  We've also continued to work to strengthen the ADM organization to drive this profitable growth. And since this is the first call where Juan is joining us, I thought I'd mentioned that since he came to ADM in April, he's been learning our business in perhaps the best way, visiting our operations around the world, meeting with our people, working with the team to develop our fiscal 2012 business plan.  So after Ray finishes the financial results, which he just concluded here, I'd like Juan to talk a bit about, not only the current market conditions, but the focus areas for 2012, which include driving operational excellence, accelerating growth and sustaining ADM's outstanding risk management performance. So looking ahead, we are confident in our people, our assets and our financial strength to deliver profitable growth and value for our shareholders as we serve the vital needs of a growing world. So Ray, perhaps you could summarize your comments associated with Slide 5 and 6. I believe they were able to join the call from our indications at Slide 7.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Juan. I think the work that you and your team are doing to ensure operational excellence, drive growth and sustain our risk management success, will accelerate our progress in 2012 and strengthen our performance in the long-term. Now John will join Juan, Ray and me for the question and answers. And operator, please open the line for questions.
Patricia Woertz: Rob, let me start this and then we'll go around here. I think we'd all have something to contribution here. I think the strength of thinking about having $3 billion or even a little more than $3 billion, in a possible pipeline for the year, is good news. That means there are positive-return projects that well exceed our cost of capital that whether they be longer-term projects or even acquisitions or incremental expansion, we have quite a pipeline. So then, we might look at our scenario associated with the cash that we're willing to spend outside of maybe major acquisition or something like that. We'd be willing to spend in this arena that has not only positive returns for the short-term. We actually prioritize a fair number of them that would have shorter payout period -- in a shorter payout timeframe than longer. So our $2 billion is a combination of the priorities that associate with that. Some are actually -- we've talked about pillars of organic, some are new construction, some are acquisitions. And the timing of the profit certainly will vary but our pipeline is full enough that we can prioritize along those lines.
Patricia Woertz: Sure, David. I think your comment about visibility into a volatile area, whether it's Corn Processing or you kind of made some comments that are quite broad. I'd refer to some of Ray's comments earlier on the Corn Processing operating profit segment itself and the subsegments related to sweeteners and starches and bioproducts. And that we have reminded listeners before that we generally run a hedged book for our Corn Processing business and how the -- and with higher pricing, we had favorable margins in the 2011 contractor year for our Sweetener business. However, sometimes we recognize a lot of the benefits of our economic hedges in -- when marking to market in prior quarters and when we allocate those gains on our accounting basis between sweeteners and starches and the bioproducts business based on grind, it doesn't always align the accounting results with the economic results. We not only acknowledge that, that thinking about going forward, having a way to look at various approaches that do align better with economics -- with those economic results and the accounting results. I think we're making an effort, as well, each quarter, to provide more transparency to what we can and where we can. And I know that's one of the efforts that Ray has undertaken both with our returns, both on looking at segments, looking at GAAP adjustments, which we've added several slides and papers and primers associated with our GAAP adjustments. It's not an area that is even as transparent as it could be to us sometimes, as obviously markets move. And particularly, as you get to quarter-end of particular markets, there are adjustments in the crop prices, et cetera. And those things can swing quite a bit. We can have quite a bit of variability.
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll start and Juan may want to juild on this. We are -- kind of you're right, the debt still [ph] in agreement does not include a provision, which alters the V-tax so it was due to expire at the end of the year. I think that -- we'll continue to educate Congress about the importance of ethanol, et cetera. But I think the opportunity to -- as you know, margins are a bit up at the current period. So I think this will be an important time to think about E15 as being the more important of the public-policy issues and implementation, I should say, of public policy issues related to getting more fuel into the system. We do see that the Midwestern Governors Association and farm states, so to speak, are looking at quicker ways or a way to be the leaders in implementing E15 and it will take some of that leadership to get it into this network. And maybe I'll let Juan comment on the biodiesel question.
Patricia Woertz: I think we assume that -- well, as you know, global protein demand is projected to grow at about a rate of 4% and it is a global business. So we look at the opportunity to balance by region and we have the flexibility to do that going forward. So I think our plans, our scenario plans, so to speak, that allow flexibility by region depending on how demand continues to progress.
Patricia Woertz: Well, it's always a trick question to ask about guidances and so we won't provide guidance. But I will say that our expectations over the long term, when I use the term growth, I am talking about profitable growth or earnings growth. So our longer-term objectives are for staying on a gliding path of earnings growth and I think it's important to note that, that's both the objective because we believe it drives shareholder value as well as returns that are strong over our WACC. So earnings growth plus those strong returns over WACC and a compelling strategy in this international area that we've been talking about growing out our footprint, those 3 factors are what drive shareholder growth. So in the short-term environment, one can -- that's always the reason why a company like ours doesn't provide guidance but our objective is for that earnings growth, yes.
Patricia Woertz: But we've certainly had more grind since 2007, 2008 when -- more bioproducts grind so that's one aspect of it that would have changed in the allocation of the hedged against the grind. So that would be different. But the process would have been.
Patricia Woertz: Well there's a couple of things that would support, continue to support E15. I mentioned that the state is expected to be early adopters in the farm states. There is registration associated with the actual health effects of the fuel. There's state regulatory issues to get through, there is some octane certification, there is some fire code issues,et cetera. The actual investments that blenders need to make or at the retail site is actually conversion of whatever tankage they might have and then the actual labeling, which, I think, the labels have now been approved and they have the appropriate language on it, et cetera. So I think there's as much administrative push even more so than investment push to get the states in line and get the leadership going. We expect that to begin some time in the fall so it's something that we should see start to happen even before the year end.
Patricia Woertz: Well, it's actually blender economics that drive the full blending rate. So the expiration of the tax credit, probably, would have little impact where you would see E15 having the more beneficial impact. And again, the farther through the year you go, the more states that adopt it, the more it gets into the market, so better that will be. So to argue that would be for a continued improvement.
Patricia Woertz: I was going to add to that, David that I think it's fair to say our, what you call our targets, that are included in this $2 billion opportunities that include a higher level of acquisitions. And not a strategic large one that might be of a special nature.
Patricia Woertz: I think we are evaluating opportunities, yes, that are attractive. And I think when you think sometimes one of the best things that ADM can do is buy a plant, which you'd call an acquisition, and then dip [ph] it and then get into to our system and it becomes a synergistic opportunity. So with that, is a little bit of a brownfield upgrade -- or a greenfield upgrade or upgrade that is capital in nature but it came from the acquisition.
Patricia Woertz: Well Operator, I think we'll call the call here. Thank you very much, for all of your questions and interest and we'll talk to you again in November.
Juan Luciano: Sure, Robert. Yes. Thanks for your question. Listen, we see the international expansion of Oilseeds and that has continued. It's going on in Paraguay with our processing facility that will be on the stream mid-2012. We continue to make investments in India as we have announced, and we are looking at more opportunities in Eastern Europe as we announced early on today. Ag Services is also expanding a global footprint. We highlighted the port in Nueva Palmira in Uruguay. This is, again, around the infrastructure we're building around Paraguay and Uruguay, we're aiming to capture all the origination in that area. Obviously, in South America, we report our services within the Oilseed divisions so you might see these inside the Oilseed highlights. And then you see in all this Black Sea activity that we have, you see the announcement this morning about Ag Services building some elevators to create our network around the Danube River as we have it again reproducing what we did over the years in the Mississippi River and in the Paraguay River. I think those are the highlights, if you will. Obviously, all the businesses have their respective growth plans but I will consider those the highlights of them.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Robert, let me give you some granularity. As I said, when we went through the 2012 planning process, we wanted to highlight all the opportunities available to us and then we highlighted this $3 billion. As Ray was describing as part of our balanced approach, certainly, low cash selection and prioritization of these opportunities based on the immediacy of the returns and balancing ROC with operating profits forecast. To give you a flavor for it, of the different projects we have in the fourth quarter, we implemented 60 of these small projects that Ray were referring to. These are projects that maybe are in the range of $10 million each but this gave us very quick returns. But in the same quarter, we executed 6 M&A projects that are larger for us and can maybe, they have a little bit longer payback. But we, constantly, are looking at that with a lot of discipline to make sure that we are allocating the capital in a balanced approach.
Juan Luciano: Sure, Christine, yes. Biodiesel, at the moment, is -- we have a strong demand. The mandate requires 800 million gallons in 2011. That's helping to reduce veg oil inventories. And we're seeing good demand from South America and Europe in that sense, too, so that is helping our Oilseeds business.
Juan Luciano: Yes, good morning, this is Juan. Obviously, as you described, the margins in the Oilseed industry remain challenged. Demand continues to grow into capacity but there is overcapacity, and we're going to have to see how demand evolves, first, before we call in for a recovery on this. So our forecast is that margin will remain challenged for the foreseeable future.
Juan Luciano: I think -- as I said, it all depends on how the demand evolves. At this point in time, yield supply is light, I mean, demand is light especially for export, and biodiesel is the positive side. As I said, I would say, within the range, it continues to be challenged. I won't call it one way or the other.
Juan Luciano: No, I won't. But I can qualify some of my findings. Listen, I think you see there is margin compression both in oilseeds and in ethanol and I think it's critically important that we keep a very good cost position. These are very complex facilities, highly integrated, and where efficiencies are needed to be pursued every day. So I think that the team is very cost-conscious but I think there's always opportunities, as I described in my remarks, to improve in energy efficiency,in maintenance and everything a little bit better, our global scaling procurement. So we're working at all that. I think, again, we are confident that we have, probably, the best cost position and we want to maintain that position.
Juan Luciano: Bryan, let me tell you because I've been studying this and obviously, the environment changes daily and it's probably different today, the scenario, than when we put together the 2012 plan 3 years ago but I would say that what I noticed is that regardless of the scenario, the ADM team has been able to deliver. So as we look at the path of earnings growth over the last 4 or 5 years, all those years have the different crops, different scenario, different volatilities. And then in the way those profits were created were always different but the team was able to deliver. So I would say, yes, it's volatile. I think we put together a plan that keep us in our path so I'm comfortable about it. I'm confident about the plan.
Juan Luciano: Anne, I think that on the sweeteners side, I think, that we see that continue and we see that tightening continue. We see the export to Mexico continue to grow. We expect sugar prices to be high. That provides an advantage, and also, you not only have the cost advantage but you have the handling advantage of high fructose corn syrup. So we expect that to continue. And if E15 is going to be implemented, it started in the fall, we see that as a positive too to balance sales growth.
Ray Young: Yes. Let me build on Pat's point. I've mentioned in prior Investor Presentations that we want to really look at this as a portfolio approach. So when you look at our portfolio approach, you're going to have a combination of a lot of investments that generate short-term returns. I've highlighted, in different presentations, that we've done a lot. We're good at doing a lot of these smaller projects with paybacks that are fairly short, generating good returns. We do not intend to slow down on those. And we have a good pipeline of those smaller investments that generate good returns in the short-term so we'll continue to do that. But as Juan indicated, we do want to also focus on some investments strategically outside of North America or to drive growth. And so, from our perspective, the nice thing is with $3 billion worth of opportunities, we can actually do a sort prioritization in order to come up with a portfolio that balances our short-term considerations and long-term growth.
Ray Young: Yes, Rob. We really can't give you any guidance on that. I think the guidance that we want to convey in this conference call is that there is going to be more of a priority in terms of the international investments as we just kind of drive growth there. And even on the international side, there are a lot of smaller investments, which basically generate near-term returns. So the model that we've applied here in North America, we want to also apply that model in our international operations. And we've got like, good operations in South America, they're well-established. So again, they are looking at these organic growth opportunities to drive incremental earnings in the long-term as well.
Ray Young: In the Oilseeds business, it's probably less mark-to-market effects there. And we actually see the results in the Oilseeds for this quarter -- we actually, as I indicated, we had strong results in North America. And so, that really helped in terms of our results. And then I also highlighted that there was a GAAP timing reversal, which we had called out in our last call. And if you recall, I called it out saying that it would be similar to what we saw in the second quarter and as it turned out, we were actually fairly accurate, actually, in terms of our estimation here. So it was slightly less than $100 million in terms of favorable GAAP timing adjustment. Going forward, in the spirit of transparency, in going forward, we still have some to reverse out in the Oilseeds division. It's not as significant as what we've reversed out in the third quarter. And this would probably reverse out over the course of the first 2 fiscal quarters in 2012.
Ray Young: Probably, it's the order of magnitude, I think for your purposes, you can go with for the purchase [ph] of modeling.
Ray Young: John, this is Ray Young here. First of all, we didn't have a problem in terms of the allocation of Ag Services profits. We've been very transparent that when we look at our Ag Services segment in South America, the result of Ag Services are booked in to Oilseeds division. So therefore, I mean, we've been very, very transparent about that point. On Ag Services, I think, maybe what you're referring to is the fact that when you're -- we're looking at the Ag Services result in the prior quarters, we indicated that our run rates are really about $150 million to $200 million per quarter but we emphasized that separately, any of the Ag Services profitability related to South America, that's over and beyond the $150 million and $200 million, and that's really booked in the Oilseeds division of South America. And secondly, in terms of Ag Services, the reason why we have the Ag Services operations in the Oilseeds division in South America is the fact that we run and integrate the operations in South America. So really, the team that runs the Oilseeds group in South America also runs the Ag Services. And that's the reason why we include that in that particular segment.
Ray Young: Well, first of all, again, I just want to emphasize, John, that we didn't have any issue in terms of how we walk Ag Services' profitability. In this particular quarter in South America, I did mention we had some weaker results in South America compared to last year's fourth quarter. That was really driven primarily due to a weak crush margin environment in South America. So we've been under margin pressure. As Juan indicated, the farmers have been reluctant sellers of beans. So that kind of hurts our crush margins in the South American operations. In addition, we've had some start up issues related to our barge operations in Paraguay. I mean those things are going to go away. So therefore, in terms of our South American results, I have to say that really, the weakness really is primarily driven by the weaker crush margin environment that we'd call.
Ray Young: I mean, I think it means -- there's a multitude of factors. I mean, I listed like 4 of them but within each of these, there's a bunch of other factors. It actually was a complicated reconciliation process that we had here. And clearly, the geographic mix was one of the factors. Fourth quarter of this year turned out to be significantly, gets surprisingly strong for North America. I mean, I think I mentioned the margin environment in North America is somewhat challenged in oilseeds but it seemed to do extremely well in North America. And one thing I do want to emphasize is oftentimes we focus a lot on soy crush but we had strengths, really, with this entire portfolio. And I just want to emphasize that point, is where that soft seeds portfolio really performed well in the fourth quarter and the fiscal year. So that really kind of exceeded our expectations in terms of how North America performed. In a similar vein, I mentioned that we had some weakness in South America due to, really, a tough margin environment there. We also had weakness in our European crush operations. Again, the grapeseed margins are somewhat challenged in Europe right now, in the fourth quarter. And lastly, international merchandising was not as strong as we had thought. So, I think, I could say geographic mix, I would say, was the largest contributor in terms of the tax-rate variance. The other factors, like I mentioned, the Brazilian currency movement, the deferred tax issues, and there is also a number of U.S. effective tax-rate issues. These are like permanent items that showed up during the reconciliation process and these items came up as we kind of closed our fourth quarter books, so we're in the process of finalizing our 2010 U.S. tax returns right now. And so, I mean, we discovered a lot of information when we actually went through the fourth quarter close process that results in our U.S. effective tax rate also being higher due to some of these unique items, permanent items. So after we've considered all that and then we thought about 2012, that's the reason why considering the business plan that we're working through right now for 2012, considering a lot of these unique items that will not replicate itself in 2012, that's the reason why we provide a guidance of a 28% to 30% range in order to help you, guys, with your modeling.
Ray Young: Okay. That's our best estimate considering the adjustments we made in the fourth quarter, considering what we know regarding our business plan for 2012. And so, it's everything that we know is what -- how we arrived at a range. And frankly, that's the reason why we came up with a range as opposed to a point estimate because it is difficult to forecast.
Ray Young: That would include acquisitions as well. And it would include our normal course of acquisition. Actually, we look at a major strategic acquisition that's a different story altogether, right? And so by -- on $2 billion, which is our normal course of capital spending and normal acquisition that we will be making.
Ray Young: It's hard to estimate that. I mean, I'd really be cautious on giving guidance on this particular issue. I mean, we're still evaluating the projects right now. So we're working through it ourselves in terms of how we want to set up the portfolio, the balance to short term and the long term.
Ray Young: We really haven't seen any reductions in demand for our products right now. I mean, clearly, we're monitoring the situation. I mean, I think that like all of us -- any business in the world right now is monitoring the economic developments over in Europe. But basically, when you look at a lot of the products that we're shipping, we haven't seen any reductions in our business.
Ray Young: There's always new legislation coming out of Europe when it comes to a lot of these biodiesel programs, whether it's sustainable, how you define sustainability. At the current time, we don't see that to be an issue right now. But when you talk about different legislations, Europe is, and has had, a long-term policy of trying to find more renewables and with the farmers there, it's been such a big issue. I, personally, don't think that they will change out of that.
Ray Young: I think long term, Brazil has been working at increasing their biodiesel blend rates all the way up to 10%. So even if they wait maybe a year just because of crop supplies or something like that, I'd be surprised if they don't eventually increase at 7% up to 10%.
Ray Young: If the tariff comes off currently, in Brazil, Brazilian ethanol, on an FOB port basis, is so much higher than the ethanol. So it will not come into the United States. As a matter of fact, like I mentioned earlier, we're seeing exports from the United States down to Brazil. That's why in the thoughts of free trade, we like to see Brazil keep their blending rates high. So in terms of years like this, we would be exporting a lot more ethanol and really make it a more of a free trade in the ethanol business, instead of them lowering and raising their blend rates accordingly.
Ray Young: Okay, I'm sorry. I do not see that happening this year as tight as the balance sheet for ethanol is in Brazil.
Ray Young: Well, it depends on what the price of unleaded gasoline is, it depends on what the government sets the price of gasoline in Brazil, it depends on what the harvest is and the supply situation is in Brazil at any given time. It's not -- it's a very fluid market. It changes every day.
Ray Young: Coal products tend to follow the price of corn and if the -- they are coming up in relationship, they tend to follow a little slower. But we're not seeing any major difference between this year or any other normal year. It just partially offsets it.
Ray Young: No, I won't say that. I mean, when you say -- when I use the term normal growth for acquisition, that's possible like non, non-large strategic acquisitions, right? So therefore, I mean, when you take a look at our cash flow statement for this year, you see that our acquisitions this year amount to a little over $200 million, right? So -- but again, in our 2012 plan, there is a quite a few of these opportunities that we're analyzing right now. So I'd be cautious when I make the comment of what normal is. I'm just referring to fact that nonsignificant strategic investments.
Ray Young: Again, we indicate that over a 2-year period. I mean, we like to mitigate impact over a 2-year period. But again, subject to us ensuring that we have a strong balance sheet to handle investments, working capital and other factors. So I've been fairly consistent over the past several calls, that this is the timeframe that we'd like to work through. In the month of May, in the fourth quarter, we found, for example, the fare price attractive. And so that's the reason why we increased our share repurchase in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011. [Audio Gap] I just want to emphasize, I mean, it's not our authorization to offset the equity. This is basically our intent of managements to mitigate the impact of the equity unit dilution.
John Rice: David, your assumptions are going to be correct there just because of how the hedges were executed with the company. So the next 2 quarters, you'll still have some mark-to-market with our corn positions. And as you know, at the end of June, and just how the market closes on one -- at the end of one quarter to the next quarter, can have a material effect on how that is brought on the sweeteners. But yes, you should see that same effect for quarter 3 and 4 -- some of that effect, I'm sorry, for quarters 1 and 2.
John Rice: It's going to be a capacity issue again. The mandate goes up but we still have excess capacity. The reasons we're seeing good margins nearby is we're seeing a lot that capacity shut down due to the availability of corn supply.
John Rice: Well, it is. But you also have other variables in there. You have how many rins are carried over. So I think that will come into the equation as the tax credit goes away but as long as you have the mandate, you still see the demand should be coming.
John Rice: Brazil tends to change their blending rates a lot. So any time that they tend to get a little short at ethanol, which we're seeing right now, they tend to reduce their blending rates. Now, if they keep their blending rates, high, yes, I could see them importing a lot. But the infrastructure, really, isn't set up for them to be importing very much so it would make it a little tougher. But as long as you keep the blend rates high and with their shorter crop and the demand, yes, that could happen.
John Rice: I hate to say, I don't totally recall back how the operating profits were broken off back then. But how we really look at things, as we've mentioned in the past, it's a global book on how we want to look and how we want to run our business. Now if we think ownership is better in something else as opposed to one other -- a commodity is over another, we'll take a look at that.
John Rice: During the course of the year, we had estimated tax rate of approximately 27% for the fiscal year based upon the available information that we had at the beginning of the year. I think, again, in the fourth quarter, that's when we normally do the reconciliation and true-up process, looking at a multitude of different issues. And again, I think geographic mix in the fourth quarter turned out to be a lot more tilted towards U.S. than international. We also, again, true up our U.S. effective tax rates based upon the information that we have from our U.S. tax returns. And then, again, I outlined that the pension adjustment was based upon June 30 exchange rates. And then lastly, deferred tax true-ups which is something that we were doing -- going through the validation process in the fourth quarter. So there was a multitude of different factors that entered into our fourth quarter reconciliation and true-up process. Frankly, I'd have to say this is atypical in terms of the type of adjustments because normally, when we go through these adjustments there' pluses and there are minuses, and oftentimes they kind of wash themselves out. But for this particular quarter, as it turns out, the reconciliation true-up process has results in the factors basically going on the other direction here. So -- and that's the reason why we want to make sure that we provided guidance to you for 2012 fiscal year is after we factored in, analyzed these factors, and considering where our plan is going for next year, that's the reason why we wanted to provide some guidance to you at a 28% to 30% effective tax rate for fiscal 2012.
