Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. This morning, we reported third quarter net earnings of $399 million or $0.60 per share on a fully diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was a solid $0.78 per share. Segment operating profit was $887 million.  We delivered very good results this quarter, despite difficult margin environments, particularly in ethanol and European oilseeds. The strong third quarter last year set a high bar and this quarter represents a solid performance by the ADM team. In the quarter, we continued our efforts to drive shareholder returns. With Wilmar, we finalized our partnership agreements in fertilizer, ocean freight and European tropical oil refining. These are subject to regulatory approval. We began and have substantially completed our global workforce restructuring. We now expect this, combined with other efforts, will result in an annual cash run rate savings in excess of $150 million, up from our prior estimate of $125 million. And we returned $171 million to shareholders this quarter, buying back nearly 2 million shares. Looking ahead, planting is underway in North America and we are encouraged by the projected corn and soybean acreage. Meanwhile, we will continue to deliver our global origination processing and transportation network to deliver products to our customers and returns to our shareholders. As Ruth Ann mentioned, before we take your questions today, Ray will discuss a few important changes regarding some of our accounting and reporting. And now, I will turn the call over to Ray.
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, I think, in general, we could say that the industry is always active. And depending on what part of the region or what part of the world you look at, we're obviously looking ourselves. And things that would make sense for us strategically and meet our hurdle rates, et cetera, we look at. So broadly speaking, I think the world continues to get -- obviously, has a need for our products, needs for more food, more energy and companies look at the opportunities to do that more broadly and on a global scale.
Patricia A. Woertz: I think there are 2 different things to look at. One, low inventory and what it does to the margin environment. And as we see a dislocation in Argentina, we think it brings value to us. When you bring it back to the states, where we have a great deal of storage, you will look at a different thing, and that is what is -- if we have large crops and big carries, it's a tool. It's a moneymaking tool for us. So we obviously look at, for example, the big corn crop as an opportunity going forward to bring returns. The tight soybeans that we look forward to next year, we hope will bring margins. But again, it takes away from that ability to store. So it's both sides, the margins and then the storage that we have and the ability to get returns from carries in the market.
Patricia A. Woertz: Excellent. Well, thank you for joining us today. As always, feel free to follow-up with Ruth Ann if you have any other questions. We do have a list on Slide 16 of our upcoming webcast events. May 15, the BMO 2010 Farm to Market Conference, and June 15, the Paris Deutsche Bank Global Consumer Conference. Thanks very much for your time and interest, and have a good day.
Ray G. Young: Thanks, Juan. As you know, we announced in March a realignment of how we manage our businesses. I want to explain how we will be reporting our segments going forward to line up with how we're managing our businesses. Going forward, we will report cocoa results as part of a new category in Oilseeds called Cocoa & Others. This category will include our cocoa processing results, as well as the results from our Peanut business and our Cellulose business. In ag services, we will have a new category called Milling & Other. This category will include the results of our Milling businesses, as well as the results from Alliance Nutrition, Edible Beans and our investment in Gruma.  Our Other reporting segment will continue to include the results of ADM Investor Services in our captive insurance operations. Also starting in the fourth quarter, we will move working capital interest expenses from the business segments to the corporate line. Currently, this interest expense is spread among the business units and corporate. This approach is consistent with many other companies. This will effectively move about $20 million to $30 million of interest expense per quarter from the segment operating profit to the corporate expense line. Lastly, I want to highlight an important change we plan to make relating to fiscal year reporting. As you know, we currently have a June 30 fiscal year end. This was largely driven by the U.S. crop year. As we have become a more global company, the U.S. crop year has less relevance to our financial cycle, and we have a lot more reporting on a statutory basis and tax basis that is tied to the calendar year. Also, many of our business contracts are tied to the calendar year.  Therefore, to streamline our internal processes and eliminate redundancy and waste, we plan to move to a calendar year fiscal year starting on January 1, 2013. This means that we will have a stub fiscal year from July 1, 2012, to December 31, 2012. This planned change was approved by our audit committee yesterday, and is subject to final approval by our board at its meeting on May 3. Now let me turn it over to Pat.
Ray G. Young: It's actually minimal, Ken, on this quarter in our results for this third quarter. As Juan indicated, the contracts rolled in over the course of the third quarter. And so effectively, the residual impact of all the hedging we've done last year, it’s basically washed through.
Ray G. Young: Yes, Christina. Yes, basically, we implement it over the course of this third quarter. So we'll start really seeing the benefits flow through in the fourth quarter. We won't see the full benefits until, really, March 31, 2013, because some of the reductions and retirements will occur over the course of this particular period.
Ray G. Young: Rob, it's Ray. For the purposes of your modeling, you can assume that some of the cost savings are already in our run rate that we provided to you. Frankly speaking, there's a lot of intangible benefits of improving processes that are not quantifiable. And then, frankly, as we implement this, we'll see other benefits flow through. But I think for your purposes of your modeling, I think it's safe just to use the run rate savings that we provided to you.
Ray G. Young: Diane, it's Ray here. We did indicate that we did have some positioning, positive positioning benefits in our results. If you recall in Hamburg when we met, we provided some level of indication where we were in the quarter. As it turned out, March ended up stronger than we had thought when we met in Hamburg. And part of it is due to the fact that in South America origination, good volumes and actually some good positioning down there. We had some good positioning in North American softseeds as well. And with respect to cocoa in terms of the mark-to-market timing effect. If you recall in the last quarterly call, we indicated there was about $100 million of negative -- accumulated negative mark-to-market that would unwind over the course of the future. The net timing affect that we identified in this quarter was approximately $70 million. So if you do the mathematics, then there's still about $30 million of cumulative negative mark-to-market impacts that will unwind in the future. And again, it's going to unwind in the future, the timing to be determined, Diane.
Ray G. Young: I guess we've made a lot of progress in terms of dampening a lot of these accounting impacts over the past year, whether it be the oilseeds timing effect, I think we've mitigated that. We've mitigated somewhat the corn hedging as well by using a lot more hedge accounting there. The last piece, frankly speaking, is this cocoa mark-to-market timing effect. And I think we're positively encouraged that come the first quarter of the next fiscal year, that we will be able to mitigate that as well. And we're still working on that, we're finalizing it. But Diane, hopefully, as we start off the new fiscal year, you won't hear me talk about mark-to-market timing effects as much or at all in terms of our future results.
Ray G. Young: Yes. I mean I think there's been a lot of focus on our capital returns. I think that when you take a look at our spread over WACC I mean that's -- again, a 4-quarter trailing average number. Again, the reported number, if you recall also includes the restructuring charges. So therefore we look at the adjusted number in order to exclude the restructuring charges. So that's still above WACC. But I agree. We've seen some compression in terms of that particular spread. I think it's fair to say that we've got good capital discipline. I think Juan has talked a lot about that. And we're confident that if we execute the way we want to execute, that will get this spread back up to our long-term target of 200 basis points.
Juan R. Luciano: Sure, Ken. Yes. This is Juan. What we see this year with the tighter South American crop is that Argentina is the largest exporter of meal. We see the supply from South America being, maybe, 15% smaller. So certainly we have seen a little bit of that -- those supplies push to the U.S., so we've been exporting a little bit more. That's why you see probably we had a little bit better margin than we expected in oilseeds. And we see in that window that traditionally now supplies shift to South America, maybe extending a little bit to the U.S. and also maybe shrinking a little bit over the summer. So we're seeing that as a positive. There may be some implications also from some of the other products in our portfolio, like cotton seeds or other of our oilseed products as people look for alternative to soybean meal. So that's what we see overall. Although it's early, we can see that already in March and April, Ken.
Juan R. Luciano: I would say, Ken, during this quarter, we were still implementing the price increases. Some of our contracts were -- have implementations based on maybe February or late February. So I will say probably next quarter will be a true reflection of the new contract being implemented with the new prices.
Juan R. Luciano: David, listen, this -- I think first of all, the implementation of E15 is certainly important for us in the long term. I don't think we should see a lot of that being impacting our numbers in this calendar year. And I've been through implementations of these things in different countries. I remember I landed in Brazil when they were talking to ethanol flex fuels and all that. And you always hear all kind of concerns at the beginning. But at the end of the day, economic rationale prevails. At this point in time, with all the governments having so much budgetary issues, you have ethanol having $1 advantage over gasoline. I think it's something that implementation will happen. I think all the stakeholders in all these wants to make sure that all the Is are dotted and the Ts are crossed before they launch into these. So we're working with all the constituents through our associations to make sure everybody’s comfortable. But I think that people are bringing up issues and we try to bring some science and solve those issues to give comfort to the people. So it's a long process. But I think if you look from our previous call into this call, we made a steady progress and steps continue to be completed. So we feel that -- we continue to feel that you're going to see some E15 on gas stations probably by the summer. And probably you will see maybe a little bit more of a financial impact in the industry and our business probably in 2013.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, David. We probably saw -- as you pointed out, we shut down a small plant, mostly because we want to continue to improve our competitive position. We don't think it's going to make a big dent into the industry. It was probably 1.5% of our own capacity. But I think, from an industry perspective, we've seen like probably 14, 15 plants coming down. Part of that is the maintenance, the schedule that they are in. But part of that is we believe that these plants will have difficulties getting their hands on corn for the next couple months. I think people tend to have maybe 30 days of coverage, so we expect some time in May people start running out of that. So we expect that cycle to perform like last year, in which we see this decline in margins, people having difficulty getting to old crop corn and then shut down capacity and supply and demand matches, and then we see the expansion in margins. We haven't seen that yet, to be honest. So we will see probably that later in this quarter, full effect probably next quarter.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, Christina, this is Juan. That's probably the ADM share that we described of those savings. And that probably will happen -- that will be a run rate probably in a couple of quarters. We're still in the process of filing our approvals on all that. So we have signed with them and some parts like ocean freight has started because we have started some elements of the optimization in fertilizers, but the big chunk of it will probably take 30 to 60 days to be implemented.
Juan R. Luciano: I think, Christina, ethanol margins were tough, but we always talk about the strength of our cost position and we being better than the industry, our integration. And I think the strength of our wet milling portfolio, don't forget we have also some feed specialties, some food specialties there, we have a good quarter on lysine. So all that contributes.
Juan R. Luciano: During the quarter, we actually saw good demand both for exports and domestic. I think as we saw it later in the quarter, with soybean’s rally against corn, we saw a little bit of the opposite what you are describing. So we're constantly looking at these transitions, if you will. But at this point in time into the Q4, we're still seeing probably better demand for North America than we will expect for this time of the year. So the seasonality seems a little bit better for us this year than last year, probably reflecting the weakness in South America.
Juan R. Luciano: I will take Europe, Rob, this is Juan. Margins continues to be under pressure in Europe as oil values remain depressed. Basically, biodiesel demand has been very low during the quarter, mostly due to extremely cold temperatures that we experience. So as result of this, the market continues to work through the oil inventories. So we expecting we're going to the fourth quarter, we're taking several measures. We're taking some of our -- we adjust some of our capacity. We have shifted part of our capacity from rapes to soy as we see soy margins, crushing margins a little bit better, since there is a smaller crop in South America offering some support there. Obviously, we can only do this for a part of our operations. And also, diesel demand is expected to rebound on weather improvement and probably increase tourism this time of the year. So we expect some improvement in margins still being tough. You know that the rapeseed crop there is at a 6-year low, if you will. So we're going to continue to see pressure in rapes -- in getting rapeseed seeds. But as I said from a market perspective, we expect a slight improvement.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We've been working, obviously, since last year on developing export programs. And they take a while; obviously, you need some qualifications and all that. We haven't seen the uptick that we wanted so far. We are still hopeful that they will improve, but we haven't seen that yet. The economic incentive is there, certainly, but there seems to be needing a little bit more than just the economic incentive for this to happen right now.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, Diane. This is Juan. Asia, we've seen China continue to have this appetite for more meal. I think imports have been up like 20% this calendar year versus last calendar year. And we've seen, as I said in my remarks, in North America, expanded demand both in exports and we've been exporting to several countries, Philippines, Poland, several countries in the first quarter of this calendar year, and also domestic demand. So I think overall, was a very good quarter from a demand perspective. And so we continue to see the global trend of 3% to 4%, whatever you want to call it. But we’re seeing that impacting North America this time.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We've seen what happened before when there were some price controls. Obviously, crushing margins were reduced. Then crushing margins lately has been expanding on relatively stable soybean prices, and the deliveralization of price controls on oils. Now we hear again about price controls. So we expect that will have an impact in margins, potentially shrinking them again, yes.
Juan R. Luciano: I think China has always been very hungry for beans and it's also very hungry for corn. I think they're also very strategic buyers. So I think, potentially, it could hurt the demand for beans, yes, if they are not making any money in the crushing until that corrects itself, yes.
Juan R. Luciano: Well, I think the big customer in all this is Brazil. And Brazil had adjusted, obviously. They are blending rates back to 20% and now they're thinking whether to do it in 21% or 25%. I think they are dealing with their whole supply-demand issues in the sugar industry. And so I don't know exactly why they haven't opened the doors to really advantages, ethanol imports. But we're working together with our team in Brazil and certainly with -- commercially with Petrobras and all that. So we're making the product available and hopefully that will turn out soon.
Juan R. Luciano: Well, we've been working. We've been working in Japan and several other countries where we'd send samples and we are approval process Canada, too. So there is, I mean, obviously, with the dollar under gasoline, there is a lot of activity and a lot of interest. It just haven't materialized yet in sales. But certainly our teams are working on that.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, Ann. This is Juan. I will say, probably, March was a little bit better than we expected. By the time we normally go to March, we forecast that there is a shift to South American supply. And probably this year, demand remains stronger for the U.S. As I said, mostly in export, that was the biggest, probably, surprise. And then also, we seen in March the fact that with the real and the dollar relationship, the farmers in Brazil were much more willing sellers. And I think that, that increased obviously grain sales in Brazil. So our origination which is reporting under oilseeds in Brazil had probably had a better March than we were expecting, too.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. But we haven't seen that yet. But yes, it's something that we are analyzing as a potential scenario that can impact us, but we haven't seen it yet.
Juan R. Luciano: I think, Ian, for us, domestic meal demand basically increases as higher corn prices supported meal inclusion in the formulation. So part is DDGs are obviously not growing anymore from year to year, so they are flat. But also when corn rally, I mean, all these meals make it into the rations. So we saw little bit of that combination. Remember, we have a team here that looks at feed from all the different angles. So we constantly are looking at what is the best thing to position based on our margins and our availability.
Juan R. Luciano: Well, obviously, I mean this is a combination, Ian, of factors. Difficult to know where the driving months are going to be. But if we look at the forecast, they are stable or declining. So we're working hard on both things and E15 implementation and certainly developing export markets that I explained before. That's why our commercial team is working. The mandate is obviously expanding to 13.8. So on capacity, when everything runs, is something we've proven it's like 14.7. So what we need to get is that extra billion gallon, if you will, of exports or E15 combination. And then that's probably going to do it for us.
Juan R. Luciano: I'm just saying for us to get to profitability, we need E15 to clear the blend wall or we need bigger exports so we can run at capacity, yes.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We think so. We think this year will be, as I said, not very relevant. It will be an introduction. But I think by next year, yes. If this benefit continues to be there, I think we will see an accelerated implementation. It will make sense.
Craig E. Huss: Yes. We've got up to 96 million acres of corn coming. We have obviously changed the corn ratio dramatically over the last few months, and I think that you'll see some leakage to beans there. And we're 2 or 3 weeks ahead on our wheat crop. That's also dependent on how dry we are going into wheat harvest. But we could see another potentially million acres of beans come back to us there. But, yes, we're very concerned about it. But we also -- when you get to dislocations, it provides opportunities.
Craig E. Huss: It doesn't matter what we prefer, actually. We just got to deal with what we get. But at this point we have a very big corn number and we'll see -- we're going to see some leakage from that into beans and we'll also see some additional acres come into the beans from double cropping. They won't know that until they get the wheat out of the field.
Craig E. Huss: Christine, this is Craig. No, I don't think quality has come into the picture yet. There's a dislocation this year that is, as the crop is more in the West and in the Northwest. And we think some of the Eastern plants may have some issues and some of the destination plants could have some issues. But there's a degree of corn ownership, as Juan mentioned earlier, probably 30 days. And from that point, as you read the basis levels are very high. And as we invert these markets, it makes it very difficult. And then when you get any kind of flat price breaks, we see export demand come in, and that tends to give more competition for those Eastern and Central plants, as they draw the same corn that the ethanol plants are trying to purchase.
Craig E. Huss: Well, again, it's what type of ownership we have and the industry owns. And there's some ownership out there, but it's going to be difficult to buy beans going forward. And we will see a reduction in exports as South America will rationalize what they have and we’ll go forward. But we're surprised that we've gone 45 to 60 days further than we thought we would and continue to see demand going forward, as South America will figure they may carry their beans longer and if there's a carry in the market. So it's just an ongoing process and the fact what the margin environment is going forward.
