Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to Slide 14. The first quarter was challenging, and as Ray explained, we believe some of those challenges will continue into the second quarter. But despite those challenges, we remain committed to executing our plan to deliver our objective of full year earnings compatible to or higher than 2018, and we are making good progress on the growth algorithm we described on our last call. First, our efforts to improve the performance of certain businesses are continuing to take root. Focus areas like our Decatur complex, lysine, or our golden peanut and tree nuts business are doing better with every passing month, and are on track to be solid contributors in the back half of the year. And we continue to look for additional opportunities such as the Marshall plant repurposing and the ethanol subsidiary, I mentioned earlier. Second, as I've already discussed, Readiness continues to expand. Readiness is truly changing how we run our business in fundamental ways. Let me give you just one example. The nature of our business is that there are many touching points throughout the value chain. We are now analyzing those to see how can we reduce internal transactions, which in certain businesses are as high as 50% of all transactions. Readiness by streamlining and simplifying our processes is helping us address issues like this, so we can minimize errors, increase efficiencies, and reduce costs. Our colleagues are all in on Readiness, and their support and execution are the reason we are revising our estimates higher including our new $1.2 billion in run rate benefits by the end of next year. Third, we continue to aggressively harvest the investments we have recently made. As I mentioned earlier, we're accelerating our efforts to capture synergies from recent acquisitions, and we're particularly excited about the addition of Neovia. After three months of ownership, we are tremendously encouraged by the people, the portfolio, and the business, and watch its combination with our existing animal nutrition business offers, a true global leadership position in an important and growing market. We are confident that our initial assumptions on cost, revenue and margin of synergies will be realized, and in fact will likely both accelerate the rate of and increase the size of those synergies. Our new Readiness based improvements are helping us with growth as well by allowing us to better evaluate and delivered on opportunities, and by improving processes that are allowing us to grow more efficiently, and with less capital spending, as I mentioned earlier. In each of these areas, across the company, we're pulling the levers under our control, which we expect to help contribute to a stronger second half. In addition, we expect some changes in outside conditions, particularly relating to China. While there can be a complete certainty, we see encouraging signs regarding resolution of the US-China trade dispute and we are optimistic for a resolution by mid-year, importantly, well before the U.S. harvest. Our team has shown great agility and flexibility to minimize the impact of the dispute to ADM thus far. Nevertheless, a resolution will benefit several of our businesses. Our North American origination business will benefit from increased export volumes and margins, particularly on U.S. soybeans, and now potentially corn and other agricultural products. And our Carbohydrates Solutions business will be boosted by the resumption of ethanol trade flows, as China moves toward national implementation of E10. China is also managing through a very serious issue with African swine fever or ASF. Estimates vary, but it's possible that China's hog herd has dropped 20% to 30%. China will clearly need to import substantial amounts of pork and likely other meat and poultry to satisfy demand. This could boost soybean meal demand in regions where our oilseeds business has a strong presence, particularly in North America, Brazil, and Europe. Finally, of course, some of the transitory impact of the first half, such as the effects of severe weather should be fully behind us in the second half of the year. And so as we look forward to the balance of 2019, we see a strong finish after a challenging start. With that, Michelle, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Listen, of course we saw the ASF impacts when we were thinking about the plan for this year, but I think that the world, all of us are rapidly waking up to the significance and the magnitude of this event. I think that at this point in time, we'll see available global protein supplies to have to be redirected to China to satisfy the protein that facilities have created. To give an idea of the magnitude of these, we think that of the probably 700 million herds of annual hog production in China, we may see about 20% to 30% of that disappear. That's about the size of the U.S. production. So this will create the gap in China of about, people take 10 million tons of protein, that is a lot, and I think that that's going to be a pressure on a system that is already working with good demand. If we look at our business in North America, we are enjoying good demand, and that's why you're seeing margins have stayed very strong, actually margins have popped up over the last couple of days with the drop in soybeans. So I think that overall, we are seeing that how China covers that gap of 10 million tons, maybe 4 million tons, they shift to other proteins, whether it's poultry and all that. But I think that leaves still a significant gap. So imports will have to cover that accelerating weight gain from the existing herd will happen to that, and I think that the countries or the regions more likely to be able to serve that, whether it's Europe or North America or Brazil, are starting to prepare to do that. I cannot say that today we have seen a significant spike in our demand, but we see our customers are getting ready to do that. So if you think that we are already above $1 per bushel crush margins in the US, if you add this incremental demand, we think that that's very constructive for margins in the second half of the year.
Juan Luciano: We think so. When we think about the scenario for the second half of the year, we think that in a scenario of trade resolution is more bullish for grains, for ethanol, and for pork meat, than actually for soybeans. First of all, because China naturally will have to import less soybeans, we're thinking about before maybe 96 million tons, now we're thinking more like 85 million tons, just because they will have less animals to feed. So, and there are plenty of beans around the world. So we do believe that is going to be more bullish on grains, pork meat and ethanol, than actually in soybeans. So we believe that given the ownership that we have, any psychological spike in soybean bases will be temporary and we can handle that with our inventory.
Juan Luciano: Let me address the Readiness question, then may have Ray address the ethanol question. So Readiness actually in April has turned 1-year-old as an initiative. So, we've been working at this for a while, although the first part was the planning process, so it was quiet there if you will and the training. So, at this point in time, we have gotten everybody trained, we have gotten a very robust pipeline of initiatives, and we are going and reviewing every aspect of ADM businesses and this is a very thorough process where we have a pipeline of ideas that are reviewed weekly and weekly are reported into our steering committee and we continue to monitor these. We have seen already two quarters of these, David, don't forget that we implemented this in Q4 2018, which was a little bit ahead of our plan and now we have Q1 behind us. So as we look at our pipeline and the growth of the initiatives, we have some experience into this program, so how much maybe you realize only a percentage of everything you have but every indication so far is we are going ahead of that. We don't see the drop that sometimes we get when we turn an opportunity from an idea to a reality and we are seeing our teams coming with more ideas to a higher rate than we thought. So, we thought it was in the spirit of transparency was proper to actually disclose that to shareholders increasing our targets. So, of course, we feel extremely confident about that, for us to have increased the target. But, again, don't think that this is just something that is happening overnight. As I said, Readiness has been with us for the year, we have been -- we have trained already 3,400 people in this, we have 650 initiatives and we have two quarters already of realizations of the savings that give us the confidence to increase the targets. So with that, I will ask Ray to make some comments on the ethanol quarter.
Juan Luciano: We're seeing, of course, we don't have any previous data other than we would revisit reading the tea leaves But if you look at both countries talking about constructive talks and both Presidents giving indications whether in speeches like Presidency or the comments by President Trump, I think both teams are getting closer. Also, if we look at the market and our commercial -- the behavior of our commercial counterparties in China seems to indicate the deal is getting closer whether it is having not being covered for the Q4 and remaining open there or reducing mill inventories in anticipation of having to buy some beans or reviewing the corn contract languages with us, we've seen that they are getting ready for that movement. So what that movement will do, we think that they're going to be, if China, let's say, is going to import about 85 million tons of soybean. We think that maybe the percentage of soybeans they are going to buy from the U.S. could be about 50%, so about 40 million tons. Then, if you think about that they're going to buy corn and potentially with, that will create for Q4 basically what the conditions that we need in the U.S. for elevation margins to pulp, which is to have a strong simultaneous, if you will, soybean and corn program than we have seen that in other years and that candidly, Tom, is what we plan for. Our plan for 2019 was very second half loaded. We are second-half loaded based on the Q4 potentially strong origination nation earnings and what Ray described before, which is China coming back to us for ethanol into the US, are they trying to fulfill their E10 for 2020 pledge. So we think that those are the two things that will impact. When you add that to the improvements that we're making in our business, whether it's Decatur, or whether it is lysine or whether it is golden peanuts and tree nuts, which will remove some of the burden that was in the second half of last year and we will remove from '19, you will have a better comparable of some of the costs that we faced last year, that we are facing still today, and we're working out of those. So, all that give us a very constructive perspective for second half. If you add that potentially, the increase in milk consumption in the U.S. or Europe or South America to satisfy the protein gap in China created by the ASF that will give us the confidence to describe second half as being a very, very strong second half that will position 2019 as a very solid year for ADM.
Juan Luciano: No, Tom. I think that the three pillars that we have, the improve pillar and the Readiness and the harvesting; they are all on track or slightly ahead of schedule as we look at after the first quarter. Certainly weather of the severity that we faced in the U.S. doesn't help. We run fermentation units and when you run the fermentation units with an outside temperature of minus 50 degrees Fahrenheit like it happened in January, strange things happen in the plant, but I would say, we still have part of that tail in the first quarter and we might have a little bit of that in Q2, but we expect all these issues to be behind us by the end of Q2, by the end of June. So, I would say we continue to make progress, of course better weather helps, but we have to do what we have done in the first quarter. I think the teams continue to make progress, and we feel these programs are on track, and we will deliver what we promised.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Vincent, this is -- you always heard us talking about the fight for the grind and trying to maximize the margins from the 22 products we tend to make in these places. So, of all the products, starches have been growing very fast, and also the bio economy is placing a lot of requests for fermentation capacity to produce liquid feedstocks to make products for the bio economy. So those are areas that we see with high growth rates and higher margins and candidly, and we said -- we reported this in previous earnings calls, although we've seen 55 hanging better in terms of volume, we saw 42 being replaced more aggressively. So this is a strategic shift in which we are shifting our 42 capacity into things that are going to give us better margin, some better growth rates. So, we are sacrificing a lot, a little bit of volume and share for margins and growth rates, and so we think that this is the right thing to do. Regarding the specific impact, this will be a transition, Vince, and at this point in time, since we still need to own out a lot of commitments, you wouldn't see any of these in 2019, let's put it this way, it will be more a 2020, 2021 impact if you will.
Juan Luciano: So, again our plan for 2019 is based on three big things. Delivering and sometimes outperforming in the three strategic levers; improve, Readiness and harvest; the trade deal resolution; and the third one, the big impact from ASF. So let me expand on those three a little bit. When we plan the year, we plan a year backend loaded, as I said, this is something that, it was very different seasonality that 2018 for reasons that Ray explained before, Q1 in 2018 had a big vitamin boost because somebody blew up a plant and prices went up. Second quarter with the threat of Chinese tariff in July 1, we got a big boost of export that were anticipated, so a very unusual first half. On the second half of 2018, we had a lot of these issues with the plants, lysine or golden peanut that made second half lighter. So last year, very different than this year, because this year, we are walking through the tail of those issues in the first half, but we are having them, while we are not going to have them in the second half. While on the other hand, the reaction to the trade deal, it's exactly the opposite, in which there is very little activity in the first half, and we expect it to be much bigger activity in the second half. Probably the two things that we didn't plan, so that, I'm describing the plan, the two things that we didn't plan, because we couldn't know about that, it was one, the severity of the weather in the first half and that is $60 million in the first quarter, and some of that will overspill into the second quarter, maybe like Ray said before, you could consider that the over achievement in Readiness will offset some of that, maybe we get some of that back from insurance, a little bit in the second half, but Readiness like every program that is building is also going to be back-end loaded, if you will. The other thing that we didn't consider and is a boost to our original plan is ASF, the impact of ASF. As I described before, I think we are just waking up to the significance of that, and we didn't consider at the beginning when we planned for this that this could take 20%, 30% of the herd in China, that this could take 10 million tons of protein at least capacity out, and that's a very big number to fill, and this is going to be filled by an accelerating fattening of hogs if you will in the places where those are. But even with that, the ability to supply is going to be limited. And I think there is going to be short-term volatility because there is going to be shift of people preferences, because China will have with price to incentivize all the pork production to actually go to China. So you're going to have increased protein prices, increased feeding and increased volatility. So to a certain degree, when we look at 2019, the risks have gone from macro risk, whether there was economic slowdown or a China trade war, more to micro risks that are ASF driven for example, and micro risks, ADM can handle well, we can do things around that, we can do things around our operations, our flexibility, our teams, leverage our footprint, whereas there are less things we can do about macro risks. So, overall, I think that not only we are improving, but I think conditions have shifted to favor more ADM, but it's going to be a back-end loaded, it was a back-end loaded plan, and the weather has made it even more back-end loaded. So I agree with you, it's a tall order, maybe after first quarter the probability of we achieving that became a little bit more difficult, but the plan is still there, and we are working heavily moving every aspect under our control to continue to deliver. So that continues to be the plan.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think you saw it even in the market yesterday when Xi Jinping spoke at the Belt and Road Forum or positively about some of the changes that they need to make, which are aligned to that trade resolution or whether Mr. Trump announced that he's inviting Mr. Xi, President, to the White House soon. You saw what the market did, the market basically went down in soybeans, and up in wheat and corn, and up in pork. And I think that's giving you the perspective that, -- and don't forget that for us to tighten up our margins in the US, we probably need 10 million, 15 million tons give or take of corn exports from the U.S. to China. Remember that China used to have -- I mean, they consume like 230 million tons of corn with consumption that is growing faster than their capacity to produce that corn. They used to have like 250 million tons of reserve; today their reserves are something in the range of 75 million to 80 million tons. So for them as a gesture of complying with the trade resolution to import 10 million to 15 million tons is something very achievable. So we believe that's a very plausible scenario and again we can only read the tea leaves like you are reading, but we think that from the commercial actors all the way to the government, everybody is inching into a deal for the summer and that's what we believe is going to happen.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think this is the quarter, Rob, where we have to absorb all the harvest that's coming from Argentina and all that, they are going place that capacity. The world needs Argentina mills and, I think, as Ray described, last year was an anomaly in that regard. So this is a more normalization on that in a still very strong environment from a demand and margin perspective.
Juan Luciano: I think today versus our previous call, we are more optimistic than last time. Remember that so far this year, we also don't have the benefit that we had last year of the Biodiesel tax credit that we believe that is going to come during the second half, but I would say given my comments before about ASF, our scenario for oilseeds has become more constructive since our last call, we see now even higher meal growth around the world outside China than we saw at our last call, so significantly higher.
Juan Luciano: In South America, there are, of course, we do not have crushing in Argentina, but in Brazil, we are not pessimistic about it I would say, think about these Biodiesel continues good in Brazil, also refined oils is going very strong and the fact that Brazil has very big -- very large corn crop will be positive for crushing in the second half because to a certain degree now corn is taking a lot of the infrastructure, so people will have less of a pressure to chase beans to comply with their mark to market -- sorry not mark to market -- with their take-or-pay contracts. So, corn taking part of that alleviates that, will create a better environment or less pressure on soybean basis later on that will benefit crush. So I think that even for Brazil, we are more optimistic and remember that we will have the impact of the Algar -- positive impact of having Algar in our portfolio that we didn't have in the second half of last year. So, all that makes the second half very positive.
Juan Luciano: Listen, if you think about Wilmar, I know what I'm going to describe is public information. So, but if you think about, of course, short-term they are going to impact I think in crush and, first of all, always remember the Wilmar team is exceptional at risk management adjusting. So they are very, very astute and very good at that. So we feel that if somebody -- if there is a team that can navigate that, it is the ADM team or the Wilmar team. So they are very good at that. But second, if you think about their earnings and sometimes it's not that clear, but if you look at public information about half of their earnings is the segment that they describe as oilseeds and grains, that includes their oilseed crushing, but also include wheat milling, Wilmar is a giant wheat miller in China and also includes their consumer products. So, let's say that maybe oilseed is about 25% to 30% of overall earnings for Wilmar. Then you have a big segment which is palm oil which is about 35% of that, and Wilmar is the largest palm oil producer in the world. And then you have about 15% to 17% of other associates which are joint ventures in either Africa or Russia. So, I would say -- and then you have the sugar business. So when you think about it, it's a very, very diversified and well-balanced portfolio. So even if crush margins in the short-term may have an issue, you still have palm oil, you still have consumer products, you still have wheat milling, you still have the affiliates and you still have sugar. So, and again, I can't disclose any specifics, but I would say between their ability to risk manage and their wide and diversified portfolio, we think they're going to be all right. On the long-term, actually, we believe that ASF would probably be a positive, ASF is having this effect of to a certain degree consolidating the industry, the pork producing industry in China, the more acute crisis is in the small farms, sometimes these small farmers are not feeding properly their pork's, sometimes they feed leftover so whatever. While I think the bigger, larger companies, they are more professional feeders. So we think that to a certain degree, this crisis will weed out some of the small farmers and consolidate the industry, that consolidation will do two things. First of all, for -- bio sanitary reasons, there's going to be a delay in rebuilding the herd, just because of you're going to have to have less density in order to have some of these bio sanitary measures applied, that will make that this scenario that we are describing, we think is going to be with us for the next three years. The second effect on that is that again, the industry will consolidate in larger players that will be more users of soybean meal than other products. So I think that over time this will make a healthier environment for Wilmar's customers. So, short-term choppy, long-term positive.
Juan Luciano: So at this point in time when the harvest comes, obviously the truckers' is when they put forward their mandates. The situation in Brazil, if I can describe it is complex in the sense that Petrobras is aligning their diesel prices to international markets, what they call the international parity pricing, and of course, the soy change and the meal change works at market prices. So, it's very difficult how do you regulate freight and expect it to work because you cannot guarantee freight for a piece of the chain when the two other aspects of the chain are working on market pricing. But certainly, the situation for the truck owners is complicated, and I can understand them, because at this point in time, there is low economic activity in Brazil, there is a little bit of a recession going on; so there are low freight prices. In an environment in which Petrobras was to increase oil prices because of oil prices climbing, and there is overcapacity of trucks, given the past subsidies to buy trucks. So when you add that, the poor state of some of the roads in Brazil, that maybe create more maintenance cost for the truckers. The truckers are a little bit in bind. So, this could become and more -- a bigger issue. The government has been trying to discuss and negotiate and have a dialog with truckers, and of course we have this issue of the freight table. The freight table, the end has not been heard about the freight table, the freight table if the government ask the School of Agriculture of the University of Sao Paulo to create a technical freight table, then new technical freight table is like a 45% under the current negotiated freight prices that there are in Brazil right now. So, the problem we're going to have with that, there are 60-days of public hearings right now to discuss that that is supposed to be implemented in July. So theoretically, you're going to have two freight tables, one in July, one in January every year. But of course, although, we feel good with the freight table that this 45% under current negotiated market prices, that, as you can imagine, the truck drivers will not be happy with that. So I think that we are following it very closely, and it continues to emphasize the issues that Brazil has in terms of infrastructure that makes the U.S. a more reliable supplier sometimes. So, Brazil big producer continues to be unreliable from a logistics perspective if you will. So, we're watching it, we're all over it. And at this point in time, we hope that the government and the truckers will find a solution.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I can talk about the animal nutrition. So, we are very happy with the Neovia acquisition. We are very happy how it matches with our business. Our business was mostly North America and China, and the Neovia acquisition brought us Mexico, Central America, Brazil, Europe and Southeast Asia. So very good complement, and the more we own them, the happier we get, and the more optimistic we get about their synergies, and their ability to deliver in 2019. What had happened in the first quarter, first of all, it was a very big comp versus last year because of an issue that the industry had in vitamins that allowed everybody to sell a lot at a very high prices. So, we knew we were not going to have that. And every time you get a new transaction of the size of Neovia, you have this purchase price adjustment, this time was inventory valuation that impacted the quarter in $10 million. And then, remember, we are fighting still the tail of the lysine issue, the lysine issue is being solved, is being addressed, and we're very happy with the progress, but it still hit us in $10 million. So if you think about $20 million of noise, if you will, with a tough comp, and when you take over a company like in the case of nutrition, and Neovia, you have extra costs that you cannot properly quantify. For starters, people travel more, because you need to get to know each other, we need to start defining the synergies. Remember also that we closed at the end of January, so we closed one less -- we had one month less of that. But as we look today, we are very optimistic and very confident about delivering the EUR100 million of EBITDA that the business was supposed to deliver in 2019. And when we look at the synergies, the synergies that we were looking to deliver, the EUR50 million synergies that we were looking to deliver at year four, we are thinking now, we're estimating, we're going to deliver by the end of the year two. So, much better than expected. So, I would say, short-term noise, I look at this, can -- a little bit -- traced the parallel what happened with WILD. We took WILD in October 2014. The first quarter, not spectacular, even you guys were complaining, where do you see the revenue growth because we were shifting product mix and all that. Look at -- immediately, we started to grow faster than market, we grow organically 6%, profit growth 20% per year, and this is like four, five years after we have acquired. So, I think you're going to see the same evolution with animal nutrition, and the margin up story that we mentioned originally for Neovia is intact.
Juan Luciano: I praise you Ken for your creativity to ask the consolidation question in a different way. We continue to be -- listen in oilseeds, we continue to be very bullish about that, we like the growth rates on that, and we are very much intending to have smart consolidations. If you will look at what we did with Algar, you look at what we did in Egypt with the joint venture with Cargill. And our teams continue to look at assets that fit our footprint well, that are an upgrade to our assets and if those are available, we're always looking.
Juan Luciano: Yes, that continues to be our objective. We never deviated from the desire to achieve 10% ROIC and 10% ROIC as a way to get to higher numbers. I think that the core businesses have done a tremendous job in that in improving ROIC and those businesses will continue to drive cash flow and Readiness and efficiencies to drive returns. That's the way they're going to create shareholder value. The Nutrition business that we have invested in is basically a growth option for the company and of course their returns are a little bit hampered right now by all the acquisitions and the goodwill that we are digesting, but their role to create shareholder value is through actually revenue growth and margin up, and they are doing that. So, we feel very good about our strategy and I think if something you have to learn or you probably know and that is what you're reflecting on is that there are no sacred cows for our team. The most important thing is to focus on shareholder value creation and we will continue to do everything we can to drive value creation, either through returns in our base business or through organic growth in our nutrition division.
Ray Young: Yes, Ethanol in the first quarter was a tough quarter. Industry conditions were very, very poor. Inventories were building up through the quarter. When you look at generic indices, clearly industry had negative EBITDAs in the first quarter. In fact, when you compare the EBITDAs for the industry first quarter this year versus first quarter last year, we're actually down about $0.25 a gallon. Now, as we kind of look forward, what we're thinking is and you're starting to see this, ethanol margins are improving right now. I think for several factors. First of all, seasonally you always see some improvements in terms of ethanol margins as demand for ethanol improves just due to normally the seasonal pattern of demand here in United States. And secondly, inventory levels, partly due to the weather impacts throughout the entire industry have stabilized. Now going forward, we believe that our resolution of the US-China trade dispute would be a positive catalyst for industry margins. And, again, David, as you're probably aware, a resolution of US-China trade issue will likely include ethanol as one the commodities that China will purchase and as we indicated, I mean, China is moving toward an E10 program in 2020, a national program, which will basically drive an additional requirement of about 5 billion gallons of ethanol for that country. Their current production capacity is roughly 1 billion gallons domestically and they'll probably have some additional capacity come online, which would quite bring that number up to 2 billion gallons. And so they will probably have about 3 billion gallons deficit in terms of ethanol, which they will have to either source from additional capacity within the country or more likely importing ethanol from other countries such as United States and Brazil. So, as we kind of think forward in the back half of the year, we do believe that as part of the trade resolution that China will resume imports of ethanol. That will be a positive catalyst for industry margins in the back half of the year.
Ray Young: How you want to think about this Tom is some of the weather impacts that we experienced in the first quarter, and maybe some in the second quarter, will get offset with the incremental Readiness benefits that we're going to see particularly in the back half of year. That's how you should be thinking about.
Ray Young: Yes. It's tough to assess that. We just think that the gap is so significant that they clearly will need to import now. Do we believe they are going to import 3 billion gallons, I mean, probably not. I mean that seems like a very tall order in 2020, but do we believe this will phase in over time? The answer is 'yes.' And do we believe this will have an impact on the U.S. ethanol margins? Without doubt, it will.
Ray Young: On corn imports, don't forget, as I indicated earlier, China is ramping up production of ethanol in the country, so they will also need to consume more corn with the domestic ethanol plants that they have in the country. So that's another reason as to why there is an incentive associated with the deal for China to also import U.S. corn.
Ray Young: Well, they currently have in about 10 provinces in the country. They've indicated that they want to move toward the 2020 mandate nationally. They are in the process of moving toward that. Now, will they actually get their nationally by 2020? One can argue they won't get there by that year, but they are clearly on track as part of their environmental focus, remember this is driven by the focus on the environment here, they're moving toward that mandate over time. And so, I think, as I indicated earlier, are they going to import 3 billion gallons in 2020. I don't think they're going to do that, but it is unrealistic to assume that they will import 1 billion gallon from United States in 2020 as part of a trade deal, that's not an unrealistic scenario for us to think about.
Ray Young: Yes, I think just -- I mean it is a strategic decision on the part of the company. I mean, we do believe that from a medium term perspective, the outlook for the U.S. ethanol industry is constructive but when you think about like what we've announced in the past and we indicated that the dry mills themselves, right. There is an industry structure issue here in United States, which I think they alluded to at an earlier call, is that there is a lot of producers of ethanol and so there is a case for consolidation in the industry here. And so from our perspective, our decision to monetize the dry mills is, frankly, a strategic decision on our part to basically help the industry consolidate and we're still going to have wet mills here, right. And so, we still have some wet mill capacity available, but from a business strategy perspective, we believe this is in the best interest of our shareholders.
Ray Young: Don't forget Rob, last year in the second quarter crush margins were extremely healthy, right, driven primarily not just because of the China issue, but really the Argentina drill situation, it really culminated in the second quarter when we saw margins move toward $2 per bushel. So when we look at this year and we compare this year versus last year, you're not going to see that pop right in terms of the underlying margin structure. At the same time, demand remains very strong, right. From our perspective, the environment remains very constructive for demand for particularly U.S. soybean meal. So, therefore, we believe the margin environment is going to be healthy for us in the second quarter. It's just not going to be as health -- as strong as what we saw last year in the second quarter which was frankly abnormally strong like $2 per bushel, margins were abnormally strong.
Ray Young: Yes. Just remember on the tax rate, remember, part of it is an adjustment item. So, therefore, the bulk of the reason why we were at a higher tax rate is due to the transition tax adjustments that we had in the quarter. That's an adjustment item. And so, as I indicated in my remarks, we're looking more like a 19% rate for the year, so that -- at least at this point in time, it's 19% if we exclude all those adjustment items. On the weather issues, as we indicated, part of that will get offset in the back half of the year. We're looking at probably some insurance settlements in order to mitigate some of those impacts, part of it, the volume we may be able to recover some of that. So, therefore the raw $16 million impact, there will be some mitigation toward that and, as I also indicated, the rest of the business, we were driving additional Readiness actions that will offset part of that as well. On the $10 million in additional depreciation related -- yes, I mean that's an impact, and we didn't have that initially estimated because we couldn't estimate that number, but I kind of view that as in the quarter, I mean, that's just a one-time impact that we're going to have and so, just looking at the $60 million that we're going to have in terms of the impact is a segment OP tougher number. And so, I mean, again, we need to just make sure we separate out the segment OP impacts versus the tax rate impacts there too.
