Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.57, up 39% from the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $658 million. I'm extremely proud of the results our team achieved this quarter. Under some tough conditions, we were able to deliver strong growth in earnings and returns. In fact, it was our fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year higher returns on invested capital. We did this by continuing to deliver on our strategic plan and capitalizing on improving conditions in some markets. Ag Services was up for the quarter, with improved merchandising results globally. Our Corn business delivered another strong quarter earnings growth. Oilseeds results decreased on less favorable global soybean crush margins and South American origination. WFSI earnings were in line with the prior year quarter. In addition, I'm pleased to announce that we had our safest month on record in June, with an improved safety record year-to-date over last year. Our actions in the first half of the year reflect ADM's continuous efforts to create shareholder value and set the competitive standard in the industries in which we operate. We are diversifying our capabilities and geographic reach through acquisitions and organic expansions. We recently closed on our acquisition of French sweetener company Chamtor, expanded our destination marketing footprint with the acquisition of Industries Centers in Israel, and announced the construction of a new flour mill in Illinois. We're also aggressively managing cost and capital and taking additional portfolio actions. And we are ahead of pace for meeting our 2017 target of $225 million in run-rate savings. We implemented over $130 million in operational run-rate cost savings during the first half of the year while continue to invest in R&D, innovation centers, and process improvements. And in line with our balanced capital allocation framework, we returned $875 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. Because of all these actions, we expect to deliver a strong year-over-year earnings growth and returns in 2017, and we are poised to be an even stronger company in 2018. I'll provide more detail on our results later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. You understood it correct, Heather. We are taking basically the ethanol that we're producing for domestic use, about 100 million gallon of that out of commission immediately.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thank you, Adam. Listen, looking forward, we're seeing obviously seasonal positive North American dynamics in Q3 and Q4. We're going to have good bean availability, and we expect a strong domestic demand in the second half. We saw a little bit of the softer demand in the first half with probably – excluding China – about 1% up year-to-date. We're forecasting ending the year about 1% to 3% excluding China. When we include China, we're thinking about 3% year-to-date performance. And when we look at 2018, maybe more important to your question, we're looking at about 5% mill demand growth including China. So we see that continues to go strong. We have taken this year the impact of the DDGs' shift from China not importing that anymore. So we absorbed that, and we also for the most part, have cleared with all the inventory of low quality feed wheat that was competing for milling to that. So, we feel good about how we have transitioned during this quarter. It was a relatively tough quarter for crushing, and we're moving into 2018 with better dynamics for that business. I also would like to emphasize maybe the importance of the flexibility that we have in ADM. We crush eight seeds in ADM, and we have seen in times like these where maybe soybean crush margins are subdued, our ability to shift capacity to others where is softseed margins improvement, but also our portfolio, and you probably noticed in our chart about the contribution of value added that has been brought by bottle oils, blended oils, and another products. So, I think we feel very good about the growth rates of mill going forward. Certainly, protein demand, consumption, look at the increase in soybean imports from China. That's probably the best indication of true protein consumption every year there. So, we feel good about the long-term fundamentals and we feel good about how our business is operating and how diversified it is to take advantage of this opportunity. So, we're strong in Oilseeds going forward.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Sure, Adam. Yeah. Very good question. Listen, I said before, we are very proud of how the Ag Services business have navigating through all this. This has been the fourth consecutive quarter of improvement. And at times, we've been very critic about the things we needed to improve. And I think the team has delivered on that, and we can with a better cost position and better operating performance to ourselves. As we look at the second half, we do believe that the exports will be a little higher than 2015, but certainly lower than 2016 from the U.S. because we're going to get all these potential exports from South America during Q3. Even as we consider that, we see the improved performance of our global traders into the second half. We've seen good wheat and corn carries in the U.S., as you describe it. We see continued increase in our destination marketing volume is growing 10% over year. And we're going to get the bigger contribution from Medsofts that is operating very profitably and now from our majority position in Industries Centers in Israel. We're going to see higher exports for us from Argentina in the second half and we didn't have that benefit in the first half. So, we feel strongly about that. We see that our Ag Services business will benefit from our ability to segregate high-quality wheat as we go into the second half. So, again, we're thinking higher growth versus – I mean, bigger earnings than last year, probably more tilted towards Q4 than Q3 where the opportunities for North America will be bigger.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes, Sandy. No, actually, it doesn't have any implications other than this plan has been removed from the consideration because we have considered already fixed in the sense that that reconfiguration allow us to focus on the profitable products that we wanted to maintain, and take that capacity out of the domestic ethanol market. In terms of the other process, we don't have any updates at the moment to be honest. We have been analyzing that. Remember we said we were looking at the potential impact of tax reform, and we were given that a little bit of time to see if we could see any movement from the administration on that. So, at this point in time, the financials have been carved out. We understand the financials of those business, and we continue to look for opportunities to have a transaction there with no rush. I mean, the business is performing well or improving the performance. So, we have no rush, but no announcement at this point in time.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. I think we see an – we've seen an improvement that we started in Q3. I think that when you look at Q2, there was a big drop in oil at that point in time, and also domestic demand for gasoline and somehow driving was not that strong. Maybe it was a little bit of not kind of summery weather, if you will, and that reduced a little bit the miles. As we've seen, the industry reacted a little bit with taking output out at the end of the second quarter. We entered Q3 with a little bit better equation in terms of inventories and margins popped up a little bit with lower corn prices and higher oil prices. So, we feel better about the margin structure of the Q3.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thanks, Robert. Good morning. So, two-part question. The first part, most of the feed wheat we have basically – the market has basically consumed over the second – of the second quarter. So, I would say, going forward, we feel that that situation will improve, so still a competitive environment from a crushing perspective. But I will say probably the worst was in the second quarter and will improve progressively as we go through the year. Regarding your discussion about board crush margins and cash crush margins and the convergence or how representative our board crush margins at this point in time. Sometimes, when we go into times of either extreme tightness or extreme or excessive of supplies, sometimes we see this dislocation between cash crush and board crush and it could be more pronounced. And eventually, they all converge and I think that yeah, we need to be careful that sometimes don't get the expectations than maybe the board crush presents versus what we see in the market. And that's what you saw in our results, that results for Q2 were a little bit more subdued.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, I would say we maintain our position as we said before. When we entered 2017, Rob, we thought it was a tough year that will present some improvement in certain markets, but we were very confident about our improvements on the things that we were executing. And we continue to be that way. I will say the first half was not particularly kind in some of the markets, even probably ethanol margins were lower than we expected, and yet we were able to post first half results almost 40% higher than last year. So, it was based on our own plan. And so our expectation for the end of the year have not changed. We have stayed on plan basically in that regard.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes. So, talking about Brazil, so if you think about soy, the farmer probably have sold about two-thirds of it and if we compare to about over 80% a year ago. New crop at the moment probably maybe 8% to 10% versus maybe 15% a year ago. Corn probably about a little bit than half of the crop – of the all crop commercialized versus maybe 55% a year-ago. So, probably not much of the new crop has been done at this point in time. I will say we probably see Brazilian farmers or Brazil exporting more of the corn and holding a little bit more of the beans as they go forward. You don't have a big domestic market for corn, so I think that if you're a farmer, you try to position and take in the export opportunities while you can hold a little bit more on soy beans because eventually you still have a crush – domestic crush and that you can place those volumes later on in the season. So, that's where we see the pattern, probably South America more aggressive in corn exports and maybe the U.S. being able to compete in soybeans a little bit more during the second half.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Well, there's a lot of speculation about this. So, basically, obviously, the Justice Department has said that they would not go back and adjust 2014 and 2015, but they will adjust 2016, which has been lowered to 14.5. So, it means that for 2016, the obligated parties will need to either blend more ethanol or buy more RINs to the effect of maybe 0.5 billion gallons more than they thought. So, you said you see the bump in ethanol and RINs pricing on that. So, that's all that we can say at this point in time. It seems to be a small positive for that, and it was a vindication of the RFS as a rule of the country, if you will.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: I think it was positive for Biodiesel, I mean. But there are so many things to be resolved over the next month on biodiesel and all the other aspects. So, I think that that's a business that we have many, many scenarios in which positives could come to biodiesel industry in the second half. So we feel optimistic about that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thank you, Brett. So, the exports from the U.S. of ethanol continue to move nicely and grow stronger every year. At this point in time, our team has estimated something between 1.1 billion and 1.3 billion gallons of exports going forward. We see, if we think about 2018, and as you understand, there are many moving parts here and there. The dynamics in Brazil where they have been trying to favor a little bit in the government the usage of ethanol by having some differentiated piece of things, (49:04) taxes, we think that both governments are trying to be prudent and very mature about their trade relationships. And then both chambers have been discussing things and making sure they don't jeopardize the trade relationships between these two countries. So, we think that the situation in Brazil will normalize soon. When we think about our expectations for ethanol demand going forward, we see – if we look at next year, we see potentially an extra 100 million gallons from increased gasoline demand, domestic gasoline demand. We see probably another 100 million gallons out of additional E15 usage. The number of stations offering higher levels of blending continues to increase. We had about, I don't know, 600 stores dispensing E15 at the end of last year. We're expecting that to grow probably to 1,100 this year and maybe in the range of 2,000 by the end of 2018. So, again, that's a very healthy growth of maybe 100 million gallons of E15 next year. We think about the potential to Mexico, taking maybe 100 million gallons even if we don't include the big cities. That's something that once we establish the 100 million gallons trade flow that will grow potentially into 200 million or 300 million. And we think that, potentially, we could send 100 million to 200 million gallons to Europe as the market opens back to ethanol. You still have the potential for China to come back as a buyer. So, even if something will happen to Brazil, we'll still see significant demand coming into the ethanol market, which we think that's going to be not that much capacity expansion. So we think there's going to be a tightening in the margin going forward for the next year. So, we're actually positive about the dynamics of ethanol going forward.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, David, I will try my best to explain this. There isn't one simple answer for this question, as obviously there are a number of factors that weigh in on this such as currencies, logistics, feed alternatives, local/regional cash market dynamics. So, as I was saying before when I was answering for Eric, during times of extreme tightness or excessive supplies, we have seen sometimes this dislocation between cash crush and board crush, and sometimes can be more pronounced like it's been now. Certainly, one of the larger catalysts this year of lower cash margin have been the high level of global stocks to usage inventories that we've seen around the world. But the way I tend to think about it is the Chicago board price is one price that is made up of thousands of cash markets in North America, South America, Europe and everywhere in the world. And this cash markets use the Chicago price as their proxy, I will say, but just the basis to get to a local cash price that compensates for a local supply and demand dynamics, and that's what we see as operators. So, understand that the basis is that mechanism that manages regional and local cash markets. You can see why cash and board crush don't always have the same price. This year has been no exception. Each region has its own unique set of market dynamics, I guess. And like South America with slower than normal farmer selling and given the lower board movement and currency fluctuations. And North America has experienced pressure from feed substitutes, the famous DDGs trade to China that didn't happen. And extremely weak meal basis that Europe has also pressures from the Argentina crop side. So, looking forward, it seems reasonable to believe that the South America soybean meal and oil take a larger role in supplying the world and that the U.S.-driven board crush delivery system will have to adjust for additional factors like currency, ocean freight and more influential region markets. So, we think that with solid global demand and global stocks usage levels expected to move lower probably over the next year, we think that regional crush capacity utilization levels will improve and hopefully these things will converge. So, a longwinded answer, hopefully it added some clarity, David, to this complex issue.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes, David. So, let me see if we address the different aspects of your very good question. First of all, that's not a competition between the farmer and ADM. We like to think that we are part of the same value chain and we have very good relationship with farmers around the world. For ADM to be successful, we need a successful farming community. So, I will never want to pass the impression that we are competing or fighting with the farmer. I think there is a reality, David, is that as we talked before about the basis, the markets are efficient. And when you see places in which products don't have a very good use or very low basis, normally some capacities brought into that to take advantage of the opportunity. So, that's why you see movement in our footprint sometimes and movement in the farmers as well, or even capacity, whether it's you crush corn or you crush soybean. So, we seen that all the time. Our role is to adjust our company to the new opportunities we're seeing ahead of us. And we see that sometimes those opportunities are for us to go forward into crushing or milling of the product. And you saw the reflection in our investments. Sometimes those opportunities are geographical like the removal of the sugar regime in Europe and the opportunity that present for corn syrups. Sometimes that is even by our customers, how they shift, and we've seen that in, for example, WFSI part in which our traditional CPG customers are having more difficulties to grow revenue, but where we have seen a polarization, if you will, of the consumer in which consumers that are health conscious and maybe millennials or Z-generation are much more looking at natural solutions, that's where our WFSI is so strongly positioned. But we also see people having more conventional food, leaning more towards private labels. So, you see this polarization, if you will, of the consumers. And we see how WFSI is very strong, providing solutions also into the private labels. So, we continue to see this. And then we adjust sometimes to take advantage of the opportunity, sometimes to neutralize the negative like we've done in destination marketing. Destination marketing sounds very simple, but it's a huge undertaking around the world that takes us to new geographies, that take us closer to customers but take us to 10% volume growth or higher margin products all the time. So I would say markets are efficient, David, and when there is an opportunity somewhere or a high ROIC somewhere, capacity tends to come to reduce that and that's why competitive advantage don't last that longer and you continue to adjust. So, we are an active team in that sense. We have a very talented people around the world searching for those opportunities. We do believe that with all the things that we have done and I highlighted here, we established a more robust platform for earning growth. And we do believe that we're going to be able to beat previous levels of earnings growth in the future, and we have calculated that all these will take us to a 10% ROIC as we execute this plan. That's why we've been so consequential about showing you the improvements of that plan every quarter because we think that that's the path to 10%, and we're highly committed to that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thank you, Vince. You know we have a new plant there in China, in Tianjin, of high-fructose corn syrup that we started last year. Our plant is very well located to be both supplying the Chinese market and the export markets. And you probably heard on my remarks that we achieved full utilization of our plant. And this is because, as you describe correctly, the local situation with regards to corn has become more competitive. So, it has allowed us to sell. I would say some of that capacity that we're running at very low rates is coming back in China, mostly supplying the domestic market. There is still a huge opportunity to grow high-fructose corn syrup domestically. So I will say it barely pencils out of China, it doesn't pencil all the way to North America. So you will see this volume still inside, but supporting the carbonated soft drink growth there in China. But you are correct. Units have become more competitive there, and they have come to higher rates. I don't recall top of my head, to be honest, Vince, the capacity that they have, but we will get that number to you. I don't want to guess here.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes. So this year we're going to be around $1 billion in CapEx. For us, maintenance is something between $250 million to $300 million depending on the year and the project, the magnitude of the individual project. So, I will say you take two-thirds of that and it becomes growth and cost. It's not only growth, it's – we split almost half and half between cost and growth the remainder of the capital.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Okay. Let me address that, Ken. Thank you for the question on WFSI actually. I would like to talk a little bit about both the short term and the long term. In WFSI and as you say, it's more what we can control. First of all, you have to realize the movement in the consumer in the food and beverage industry this year and over the last three years has been spectacular. And it's take all our attention and all our agility to remain on top of that. So, I think we shouldn't underestimate just because these are not related to commodity market. These are stable markets or markets that don't require a lot of adjustment. So, I'm very proud the way our team had positioned ADM to take, as I said, this polarization of the consumer, if you will, in which you have these natural products being introduced at the same time that we get more traditional products taken into more private label. So, yeah, there has been a big shift and we've been – we'd remain on top of that. And that's represented by the WILD Flavors growth rate. If you look at so far this year, we have grown revenue 9%. And that's a very healthy growth rate today compared to anybody in the food and beverage industry. So I think that the business have done terrific in that regard, and we continue to increase our margins in that business, pointing 20% year-over-year increases over the last two years. And I think we are in that rate this year as well. So I would say WILD Flavors has been very, very good at that. But at the same time that that is happening, we are investing a lot in this business to get the capabilities up to provide the solutions for these customers. So, we open an innovation center in Sydney, that costs money. We open an innovation center in Cranbury that I think you visited this year, but we also expanded recently the culinary aspects of that. We built a plant in – Fibersol plant in China, and we built this complex in Campo Grande that it took the whole year to bring into operation. So, all those things are capabilities, are earnings power that we're building that's going to hit the P&L next year. So, we feel good about this, but we've been in the commodity business for 115 years and we've been in the ingredients and flavor business for the last 3 years. So, of course, we need to improve the capabilities and get bigger in that. We are very happy with WILD Flavors. Some of the products in Specialty Ingredients have suffered. Some of them have been self-inflicted wounds on things that candidly we did not execute well in some of the integrations of the acquisitions and some of them have been market issues. They are – we are recovering that. I would say half of the businesses that we're having some problems are becoming much better. And we expect SI part of the WFSI to have a much better second half than the first half. So, we continue to be as excited as we were at the beginning of the prospect of that. And it has the broad growth rate for the company, a growth engine that we certainly didn't have before. When you put everything together, as you describe, I think we continue to make our footprint more resilient to some of these changes, Ken. And we do believe as I mentioned before that this will take us to earnings that will surpass historical earnings. Will they happen in 2018? Probably not in 2018, probably, but it's within the next two or three years. And we certainly are very convinced about getting back to the 10% ROIC that we set as target when we put together our strategy. I don't know, Ray, if you want to talk a little bit about the...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: So, Ken, when we think about – just to clarify also or expand on what Ray said, when you think about our operational excellence savings, let's say, the $225 million that we're expecting this year, those are separate from the $100 million run-rate that we could have in 2018 by some of the delayering and other aspects. So, the operational excellence is more about adding technology to get those cost savings. The other one is more of flexing our organizational design and reducing layers. So, this will be additive in 2018, if you will.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Let me help you qualitatively while Ray think about the quantitative answer maybe to that question, Farha. Listen, the sweeteners and starches – first of all, when we talked a lot about our operational excellence and our cost improvements, Farha, as you know, the corn plants are the largest unit plants that we have in the company with the most complex operation sometimes. So, those are the plants that normally receive or generate the bulk of the improvements, if you will, whether they are yields or energy efficiency or things like that. So, when we talk every year about these $225 million saving things coming to the P&L, a lot – a big proportion of that comes through the P&L of sweeteners and starches. So, this is a business that has benefited a lot from being able to run at very high capacity utilizations and very stable rates, if you will, because that have allowed our engineers to fine-tune the operations. And we continue to see a strong demand for not only high-fructose corn syrup to Mexico and others, but also from corn syrup, from dextrose. So, the more stable demand and high utilization levels that we have, the better our engineers can run those operations. So, I would say the other aspect of this is that we have made this business more international, which helps in many, many ways, not only giving us an extra stream of earnings from Europe, from the Eaststarch operations or from China, but also allows us to give us better information from a technology perspective and market perspective. So, I would say the team has leveraged all these, and continues to excel year-over-year. And we continue to be very, very confident about the future of the Corn business. So, I don't know, Ray, if you can quantify a little bit what...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: I think an important aspect of this, Farha, is also our Corn business as I said before has gone global. That's bringing increased earnings and we're going to increase earnings. We're going to continue to increase earnings in Europe as we take advantage of the sugar change regime. But also we are moving into the central part of that market with Chamtor. And also diversifying feedstocks, because it's a wheat-related one. And we are in the middle of China. China and Eastern Europe offer spectacular opportunity to increase corn syrup versus sugar. And we are very well positioned to the point that we are already expanding Turkey and Bulgaria. So, we feel very good about our quarter-end results but even more excited about the future for the Corn business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes. I think that when I think about the contribution, for example, Farha, of the Tianjin plant, which is a large plant, the first year is a negative, because you bring a plant and you don't have it filled completely. This year, we announced it's already filled. So next year we're going to have another improvement in profitability in that plant. So, you should count that. Second is Eaststarch. You're going to have expansions and continued improvements of that. Third, you're going to have a full year of Chamtor next year contributing to that. And don't forget, sweeteners and starches in the U.S. continue to be very tight. And we continue to have more demand for other corn syrups and dextrose. So I will say our team has positioned the growth prospect of the Corn business very, very right, and we're very excited about the future of that business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Okay. Thank you, Jack. So thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Slide 16 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. And as always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
