Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.60. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $684 million. Adjusted ROIC of 8.3% was 170 basis points above our cost of capital. The ADM team executed well in an environment very similar to the second quarter. Ag Services earnings were limited by lower margins and volumes of North American exports due to the continued strength of the U.S. dollar and ample crop supplies, particularly from South America. In Corn, we continue to confront very weak industry ethanol margins, while Sweeteners and Starches results remain solid amid tight supplies. In Oilseeds, good global meal demand again supported soy crushing results, and solid origination volumes contributed to our South American operations, while continued weak oil demand, particularly outside the U.S., weighted on our softseeds business. And, in WFSI, the impact of macroeconomic headwinds, weaker demand from some emerging economies, and the strong U.S. dollar was greater than we had expected. We continue to execute our strategic plan. Among other actions, we've closed on the sale of the global cocoa business, acquired Eatem Foods, and closed the Eaststarch transaction. We're also making strong progress in driving operational efficiencies, which will further enhance our cost position. And we remain committed to our balanced approach to capital allocation for our shareholders. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard activities later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Rob. Yes, certainly. U.S. farmers don't like these prices. And at this point in time, they are holders of grain. If we look at their normal pattern of commercialization of before the harvest, during the harvest and post-harvest, this year, we've seen that in corn, they probably sold about 30% of the new crop, while normally they will be about 45% by this time of the year. If we look at beans, they probably sold about 35% of the new crop. And normally, they will have averaged about 60%. We still believe that our Q4 earnings in Ag Services will grow versus Q3, but we'll probably see more commercialization of grain either in reais, that will depend probably on a weather event, where there is a concern about potentially South America maybe later on in December or something like that, or with the regular cash flow needs maybe during 2016.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Well, obviously, there's going to be a run-off election in November 22. So, we're hearing from both candidates on their proposals, and there are rumblings about potential reduction in export restrictions or the licenses that they have – are applied today or maybe export taxes and/or potential devaluation. I will qualify the following way, Rob, I think this – as one of the largest exporter of grain in Argentina, that reduction in restrictions and licenses will be positive for our Ag Services business. And if you think that there's going to be more soybeans coming to market and more crush than in Argentina, that may be a potential negative for the competitiveness of U.S. mill exports out of the U.S. and it might impact a little bit the situation in Europe. So, I would say positive for Ag Services, potential negative for Oilseeds.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, it's interesting because the Ag Services impact is a direct impact. We're going to get to export more and our exports from Argentina have been subdued over the last couple of years. The impact in Oilseeds, it could be a little bit more indirect and it depends on other issues and this is more a substitution. So, I can't quantify it more than that at this point in time, Rob.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Let me give you some perspective. We do believe that the range is relevant for Ag Services. Given the conditions and given where we are in Q4, we know that Q4 will be better than Q3, but will be – will fall short of Q4 last year. So, probably this year, we may end up lower than that range, given the conditions of the U.S. dollar and the very strong crops in South America. But, let me give you some perspective, if we look at the last eight years, Ag Services has hit that range in seven of the last eight, and the only year in which it didn't, it was because of this 50-year drought that we had. So, I would say, at this point in time, we continue to maintain that that's just a fair range for Ag Services into the future.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. You get it right. The main thing that we can do to help ourselves certainly is continue to work on the cost of the plants, and we are evaluating. That is a constant process to see how much can we help ourselves into that, granted maybe dry mills are a little bit more limited in our ability to get savings than maybe a larger wet mill but we continue to work on that. I will say the dynamics at this point in time as we see it, Patrick, are there has been some good news in this quarter about China getting into the export destination roster, if you will. Some of the plants have maybe came back a little bit later from their maintenance, which provided a little bit of time. But as you said, medium term, we continue to trade as a premium to gasoline, which will have some impact in certain export destinations. That way, we continue to call the net exports about the same even if China is coming into the export destination roster. So, it will be – it will continue to flow depending on how much the industry will produce. We are positive about the demand. Demand is up in gasoline about 3% this year, and maybe it's going to be up 1% to 1.5% for next year. Exports continue to be robust. Ethanol is growing very, very fast in Brazil, and now with the increasing gasoline prices in Brazil, ethanol has become a little bit more expensive. Petrobras is in strike today so they are not producing that much oil, so maybe they need a little bit more ethanol. So, I would say at this point we can pick up with a little bit like the margins we have today going forward, and with hopes into the global domestic demand and keeping those export markets.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, yes. Well, we have opportunistically acquired shares of Wilmar in the open market recently. And I say opportunistically because obviously they were relatively low with regards to their book value, and certainly the Singapore dollar also was very convenient for us to make that investment. You heard us before, Wilmar is a strategic partner and one of our largest customers, and we continue to be very committed to this relationship, to growing this relationship. Wilmar gives us a window and an exposure to tropical oils, to China oilseed crush, to consumer packaged products in China. So, it's a great way for us to participate in that. And we believe in our relationship, and we will continue to grow it over time.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I would say – listen, the trends are intact. We continue to see big push – or pull from customers in terms of the pipeline that we have. The pipeline continues to grow, if I quote it's 675 projects in the pipeline. At the end of October that number is like 805. So, it continues to grow. The segment is composed of many products and some of those products as we – you heard that we're building a plant in Brazil of specialty proteins. Well, at this point in time, we source everything from the plant in the U.S. Certainly, with the strong U.S. dollar, our ability to export to the world has been reduced. There are some countries that have some issues of importing like Venezuela, for example, even if our customers want to get the product. Some key markets – key emerging markets have been soft, whether it's called Middle East, whether it's Russia, whether it's China. And some of these products like emulsifiers or hydrocolloids are used in oil field drilling. And obviously, you see that the rig count going down in the U.S. with less drilling going on as oil prices have declined. So, several factors. I would say none of the fundamentals have changed into this business. We continue to be excited. We continue to be building capabilities. We have bought three companies in the last year with WILD, SCI and Eatem Foods. They are all on trend. They are all on target. So, we continue to feel very strong about it. It's a long-term play that we're building a great company for ADM here. And as long as synergies are on track and products are getting the pull from customers, we don't worry that much about these short-term headwinds.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, sure. So, crush margins continue to be very solid and very positive in the U.S. So, we're still running hard. Certainly, the U.S. has the best crush margins in the world, followed by soy crush margins in Europe. There's still good demand in Europe. And even if some soy meal from South America has started to show up, we still remain more skewed toward soy crushing than rapeseed crushing in Europe. South America has recovered a little bit and is doing better. It's coming third in the pecking order, if you will. And then probably lagging is China. We still have good demand for meal in China, but it's more hovering into the breakeven territory, if you will. So, going into Q4 and being halfway through Q4, if you will, as I said, the crush margins remain in decent state, and maybe you're going to see a slight decline of Q4 versus Q3 for oilseeds in general but still very solid.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. I would say that the big issue is sometimes not that much the strong U.S. dollar that we can – as you said, we can commercially offset some of that. The issue is whether some currencies are very weak versus the dollar, whether you call it the real or whether the ruble. And that makes other origins much more competitive. Think about how competitive has been Brazil in the world market where Paraguay, with the same weather, with the same climate, hasn't been. It's not that Brazil has any different competitive advantage than Paraguay, it's just that the real has devalued significantly versus what the Paraguayan currency have done. So, two things. They ebb and flow and we profited from our origination in Brazil. Our volumes in Brazil are like – have exploded versus last year and we see part of that reflected in Ag Services. So, at the end of the day, the good thing is that there are large crops everywhere, and we're going to commercialize those crops. But it's certainly affects the timing of all that, Farha. And we're going through that period.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Listen, probably, total capacity is in the range of 14.8%, something in that range. The industry, Michael, has – normally takes two shutdowns for maintenance, one before the driving season, one post the driving season to be at the plants back in shape. Obviously, you have these corn dynamics in which corn is more plentiful or bases are lower in the West than in the East, so some of the East plants might have taken a little bit longer to come back from maintenance just because it was difficult maybe to get corn. And I think at the end of the day, with these low oil prices, domestic demand has been strong and with exports, net exports staying in this range of maybe 750 million gallons – and that's kind of where we are seeing this year, and maybe for next year – we see the balance is pretty similar to what we see now. Again, I think the two positive sides could be if we could get another 1%, 1.5% domestic demand growth and then we see ethanol in Brazil being more requested internally, and China, China went from like 3 million gallons last year of imports to maybe 60 million gallons this year. So, well that's going to bode well for 2016. And those are probably positive. On the negative side, capacity utilization in the industry continues to be in the maybe 2% and it should go a little bit higher to see margin expansion.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Well, we're still finalizing some of those contracts, so I will refrain from making any specific comments about that. Normally, we clarify what happened at the end of the season in our next call. And I would say, from a P&L perspective, we see the impact kind of February to February, so starting in February – so it rolls into – in our P&L probably at the end of Q1. That's kind of what tends to happen. But we see the industry being tight, so industry is running at about 90% and our volumes have been strong.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Adam. Thank you for the question actually. Listen, I will believe on the medium term, earnings range of $4 to $4.50 that we shared with you before has not changed. Although we face certain headwinds, we have looked at this and we have stress-tested actually with two scenarios recently. And we still believe that we are on track to deliver that. It may not happen exactly the way we have described it to you before four orderly buckets of $0.30, but let me walk you through some of those issues. We certainly had a little bit higher ethanol margins in our original projections. And we have cut those ethanol margins, and as I said when we stress-tested, to more like the levels we have today. We also look at what if the U.S. dollar continued to be strong and Ag Services will remain in this kind of range. And then we look at the positives and there are some businesses in certain portfolios that we are recovering, that we haven't highlighted to you because it was not a need to divest those business from a portfolio management, but those businesses are businesses that are – that have specific actions to recover. And we feel strongly about being able to achieve that over the next year, year-and-a-half. Then we have operational excellence and operational efficiencies. And as I described in my remarks, when we started to look at this target of $550 million in five years, and having the $0.10 per year out of that, we are already, after the first year, we have unveiled a pipeline of $700 million, and we continue to find more. So, we have programs to accelerate that, to bring them faster into the program. We're also continuing to deploy our cash into these bolt-on acquisitions, and as we did, Eatem, we have more in the pipeline. And when we put all these things together, again, the recovery of some of the units, some of the operational efficiencies, some of the M&A, and we also have the ability to maybe even accelerate the buybacks as Ray mentioned that we will be in the upper side of our range this year. Again, we have stress-tested and we look at two different scenarios and we always come back within that range. So, happy to report that at this point in time, we continue to see our results on track for end of 2017 or early 2018, delivered on that range.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. This is obviously important because we've been carrying the crush based on mill. And I think the creation of an oil story is an important – to bring more strength to the overall crushing area. But I would say we're seeing both the U.S. government and the Brazilian government a little bit more proactive to be supportive of biodiesel, whether we're going to have different RBOs here in the U.S., which is a guess at this point, but that's kind of – seems to be the rumor, and whether Brazil is thinking on increasing from a B7 to maybe a B8. So, we feel positive at this point into that, there – my speculation is probably as good as yours at this point. So, we don't have any inside information. But we seem to see signs in the market that again both governments may be more positive towards biodiesel and supporting biodiesel products.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Cornell. Let me verify to you – and we are learning all these businesses obviously because they are new to us, but Q3 we were expecting to be softer than Q2. This business is heavy on the summer season because it's all about beverages and the summer in Europe is very important. And so, the preparation for that summer is important. After that, the business the lower seasonality. So, there was some, as you described, of underperformance, but part was the normal seasonality. So, the underperformance as I described before, specialty proteins is – we export everything at this point from the U.S. So we're still building our plant in Brazil, and the strong dollar hurt some of the exports. Some of the destination markets have issues I described before whether it was Venezuela, whether it was Brazil, whether it was Russia. In the WILD Flavors, there was some softness in some accounts that are large produce that they came a little bit softer in Japan and in China. Nothing that this is structural, nothing that we worry significantly about. And we saw also in specialty proteins and some of these products that are soy-related, customers actually destocked because they saw the pricing of soybeans and all that coming down, there was not a lot of incentive for them to accumulate products or have forward moves on any of that. So, we saw a little bit of a destocking. So, the fundamental indicators about the strength of this business have not changed. The pull from customers, the number of projects, the excitement about all these solutions haven't changed. So, I would say just – it's just an adjustment in terms of destocking and emerging market softness, if you will.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Cornell, there is always that risk that we face and that's why ethanol margins have remained at this level. I think the – I think exports have been resilient, and that gives me a lot of comfort. If we look at the top 12 export destinations of U.S. ethanol, year-to-date even within this dynamic, only two are down versus last year; 10 of them are up, or 3 of those 10 are actually new destinations. So, there is a lot of dynamic into this. And as some customers are looking at this and saying, okay, it's more extensive than gasoline, I don't export it anymore – or I don't import from the U.S. anymore, we're going to see other customers come into the market. Remember that ethanol continues to be the cheapest oxygenate, and all the other oxygenates are in the range of $2.50 even at these oil prices. So, there's always going to be an opportunity for ethanol to replace other oxygenates. But it will all hinge on how much capacity runs and how much capacity runs at full capacity.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Thanks for the questions. Listen, it's something that obviously we think about it very frequently. Our focus is to improve the competitiveness of our two dry mills. You understand there is very different dynamics between dry mills and wet mills.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So, obviously, that's what we're looking at, improving the competitiveness. Naturally, if we get to a point in which we cannot improve our cost position to the point of differentiation, if you will, for whatever reason, and if we believe that they cannot compete in a more challenging U.S. ethanol environment, we will naturally look at the various alternatives to maximize shareholder value. At this point in time, we haven't found the end of that and we continue to find opportunities. And we want to see – listen, it could be that the ethanol dry mill cost curve is very flat. And even if we improve, we don't get to a point of differentiation. And in that sense, we will like to make – we will probably need to make a decision. At this point, we are not there yet. We are still finding opportunities to differentiate our dry mills. But I'm not surprised with your question or your assessment. We constantly are reviewing that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So we are very comfortable and confident in our strategy. Our strategy doesn't call for the large M&A. Our strategy at this point in time includes for certain businesses, bolt-on M&As. Bolt-on M&As that actually what we do is that present opportunities to create platforms for ADM to continue to move its products into more stable and higher revenues. So, obviously if there is an opportunity that is too hard to pass, that is somehow inexpensive out there, we will look at those things. But that's not the main thrust of our story, of our strategy here. So, I would say regarding all the other comments, obviously we don't make comments on speculation. And there's been enough speculation. You're going to see more of us doing this kind of Eatem or Eaststarch in which we continue to strengthen our businesses as they need some platforms to continue to grow. Eatem provides an excellent culinary expertise, an excellent savory platform that we didn't have before. We will continue to do so. Very large M&A again is not something that we are seeking at this point in time. We might stumble into something, if it's very convenient and would provide big shareholder value creation. But we're not seeking them at this point.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So, thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes an upcoming investor event. And as always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
