Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight and good morning everyone. I will begin with safety first. During the first quarter we reduced our lost workday entry rate by 36%, and our total recordable incident rate by 7% compared to the full-year fiscal 2009. And we continue our program to implement values based safety at our facilities globally. Turning to our financial results, this morning we reported quarterly net earnings of 496 million or $0.77 per share. I believe the ADM team executed well delivering strong sequential earnings growth. Earnings were significantly better than the second half of fiscal 2009. And as we said during our last call, we did see overall operating conditions in the quarter improving. Declines in demand for food, feed and fuel seem to be bottoming. And in this environment our team executed well capturing and maximizing opportunities. Now our segment results were mixed compared to last years first quarter, which as you will recall was ADM’s best quarter ever and Steve will report on those results in just a moment. So let me turn to strategy. Since our last call we have executed on our growth strategy. In July we began operations at our new Cocoa processing facility in Kumasi, Ghana. This facility will improve our access to a key growing region in West Africa. We have taken delivery of five ocean going vessels, enhancing our flexibility and efficiency by adding 250,000 metric ton of cargo capacity to our transportation network. We acquired an oilseeds processing plant in Olomouc in the Czech Republic. This will improve our access to the central European market and expand our origination footprint. Just this week we began production at our new Columbus, Nebraska ethanol plant. This plants scale and integration with the company’s existing infrastructure gives at a cost efficient position as the industry meets the increased 2010 ethanol mandate. Our Clinton, Iowa cogeneration facility is up and running, it provides cost effective process team and electricity to our facility there. In Brazil we began production at our first sugarcane ethanol plant, creating capacity to meet the growing Brazilian demand for renewable fuel. We completed repairs and brought back online our Galveston grain export terminal that was damaged last year by Hurricane Ike. And we reorganized our commercial and production group in their core clearly defined business units and we named new presidents to lead these units. As we advanced our growth strategy you can see we are using our financial strength to build shareholder value. Looking ahead we’ll talk in a moment about each segment and we do see demand improving in some key markets and I truly believe we have the assets and acumen to capture value as the global economy resets. Now I’ll hand the call over to the Steve.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Steve. John Rice will join Steve and I for the Q &A. So operator you can open the line for questions, please.
Pat Woertz: I would also mention that we've added additional drawing capacity preparing for this crop at eight different locations so that should also help from the moisture perspective.
Pat Woertz: I might not use the word material but its significant to the network being able to operate and cross operate so to speak at different locations.
Pat Woertz: And I might add to that too that once all the sort of big seven get up and running we thought we do a look back so to speak for you as well. So you can actually be able to see the earnings trail as well as potentially some of the returns associated with that and they all won’t be in place for another year and running consistently. But I think that those are good questions and over the long-term we should be able to see this capital investment perform for us.
Pat Woertz: I think there is two points there, Ken. One is we are getting these plants started up, which almost by definition they're significant, they’re big plants, they take a little time to get up and running. I think on the bigger question of what those returns will show, it somewhat is going to be dependent on the market conditions, and we think that these assets will get the returns over a period of time. We're going to have to see what the market conditions are when we get them as and when they get turned on as we move through the calendar here. I think the other point I wanted to make was we have, as always we've been spending some money all along and those returns get put into the mix, but as we've said, the major projects are on their way.
Pat Woertz: It's about growth and earnings growth, Diane. So we will continue to look at opportunities to fill in our global footprint, as we've talked about adding to that global footprint which we've done incrementally here, but we continue to believe that growth in this business and adding to ADM's network is critically important for the shareholder to get that value, and so we will continue to look for profitable growth.
Pat Woertz: You know, I think that's not only fair, but there is always the opportunity of build versus buy, and incrementally adding to your capacity where it makes sense to do, so but I think we've done our major big seven here, and I don't think you'd find that necessarily in the future, but you could find some opportunities for sizable growth.
Pat Woertz: So just for clarity again, we'll repeat. Two of those major seven projects are industrial chemicals projects, the PHA plants and the propylene ethylene glycol plant, so it's start-up on those two plants that Steve referred to that are in the bioproducts segment.
Pat Woertz: Oh, yeah, it has well but of course, that's an ethanol plant which I think is not considered industrial chemicals, but it of course that’s an industrial plant and there were start-up costs for that plant in that segment this quarter as well, yes.
Pat Woertz: But I might build on that, Rob. This is exactly what we do for a living. We deal with this everyday, every quarter, and if it takes a couple quarters to get a crop in, it does so. It’s what we do. It's what the, so to speak the good people of ADM do everyday. And I think Ag Services is always one of those areas that's hard to talk about typical, and I know that can be difficult for you, but it's what we do.
Pat Woertz: It's a good question. We've talked about Eastern Europe being a set of geography that we continue to have desire to grow and I think two of our acquisitions there in both the Czech Republic and Southeastern Germany have helped with that footprint as well. Certainly, South America as many of our discussions have related to both Paraguay, Brazil building out some of both our origination and additional processing and our biofuels business there, and adding to our biodiesel business with sugar ethanol. So, South America remains a geography that has continued promise for growth. Then overall global network, so to speak, our transportation network, even our addition of capacity of owned ocean going vessels at the right prices and so forth add for an efficiency aspect to our business that will continue to be global there.
Pat Woertz: We have that, David. In fact, I think the best website that actually has a lot of the current information on both production capacity and idle capacity and those under construction is on the RFA website. That website shows 11.5 to 12 billion gallons online. 1 billion to 1.5 billion gallons idled, and the same, 1 billion to 1.5 billion potentially under construction.
Pat Woertz: One is, we believe in scale, and the size. We believe our cost efficient plants again, co-located with our wet mill, have both the infrastructure, the corn buying power, et cetera, to be able to be very cost-efficient plants. So while our numbers at the plants that are under construction were likely included in set of under construction that I gave you, as we noted. [Columbus] came on this quarter and the second plant won't be until about August of 2010. So, about a little less than a year from now. So that timeframe we think makes sense and we do have confidence in our ability to be cost efficient. The markets will move the way the marks move, but we believe the balance kind of that is in place now and what barriers to startup and/or certainly much new construction is there to kind of make a balance for a balanced market next year.
Pat Woertz: It is expected that comment from the EPA would come on December 1st. We're hopeful, or I would even say optimistic that while we may not get to a 15% blend with their commentary. We very well may get to 12% on our way to 15%. And what timing that might be, industry kind of discussion seems to be around the early part of next year, maybe March or so to have that underway.
Pat Woertz: There may be a comment, but again the decision maybe not effective until March of next year. So we're just not sure about the December date. We have more confidence in what would be said when EPA makes a statement.
Pat Woertz: It started up in phases, Ian. So the first and second phase are in completion, and we've also consolidated some of our operations into Hazelton.
Pat Woertz: Over the years, we’ve become more a global, so I think your point of different businesses on somewhat different cycles is important, but I don’t think it [influences] them.
Pat Woertz: Okay. Well, thank you so much for all your questions today. I think slide 17 shows a couple of upcoming conferences and I also might mention we will be ringing the closing bell of the New York Stock Exchange on December 3rd. It’s been celebration of our 85 years listed now on the exchange. So, thanks very much. Everybody have a good day. 
Steve Mills: Well, Christine, I think we didn't talk much about the impact of the delayed harvest on this particular quarter. It always makes some difference, as we roll from old crop to new crop. And we are also interested in how the harvest is going to unfold. We’re glad to see sunny whether here in the Midwest here this week. I think John has a couple of comments about  I think John has a couple of comments about the corn situation and the impact of the harvest.
Steve Mills: I’ll start David and pass it on to John. We’re going to handle a large crop. We’ll start with that. Timing is a question. We know here that the US farmer can move through the crops pretty quickly once they get into the fields and get that get that crop out of the ground. The opportunities mix changes when you have had this kind of situation and it’s more about timing and I think John wants to chime in here a little bit about that.
Steve Mills: That’s a great question, Ken and the timing of your question is excellent, because the majority of that capital spending is on the cost of coming on line. As Pat mentioned the Clinton Co-Gen has started up and the Columbus ethanol and Co-Gen are just getting started and the other big plants are coming here over the next six-month period, I think expect for Cedar Rapids, which you’ve gotten little further outlined. So I think the question of turning this pre-productive capital into the returns that we expect is right here now and we’re expecting to start seeing those benefits in a very short-term especially as we look at positive margins in a variety of these areas.
Steve Mills: I think we had the other piece of that is cocoa, there’s two other pieces I guess. One, we've had Gruma in the mix there. Of course, we've had the issues with Gruma's derivative losses over the last year. It was encouraging to see a better result this quarter as we have again stated about Gruma. Their underlying businesses has been performing well. The other large component to other is cocoa processing, and cocoa at this point in time is in the midst of some relatively difficult conditions. Demand is down, especially on the chocolate side, as both high cocoa prices and high sugar prices has impacted that side of thing. So it's, like our other businesses, Ken, it's hard to tell where things are going, but as John pointed out that the wheat milling has been pretty consistent here as of like, cocoa has probably a little more -- we need conditions to improve there and then Gruma has bottomed out from the derivative losses, and we're back to something normal.
Steve Mills: That's I guess my question. I don't think it's getting worse. But again, that's kind of the nature of the business especially I said especially that I don't want to oversell the fact that the cocoa demand is down, and that it's having a little more difficulty in that marketplace.
Steve Mills: Christina, one thing I just want to remind everybody, we do charge our ethanol division in our bioproducts division, a up-charge for their corn or (inaudible) that they use.
Steve Mills: You're right, they pulled their IPO. And it's not going to have any impact to our cash flows at all. And Wilmar, I guess I would ask you to look at Wilmar's comments on that, but it has no impact on our cash flows here.
Steve Mills: It’s different; it's a different issue that tax issue relates to ADM's ownership of Wilmar's shares and the reorganization of that ownership. So it's different than Wilmar's Chinese IPO.
Steve Mills: No. That's two different subjects. We have start-up costs on the industrial chemicals and the sugar. The…
Steve Mills: Well, and I think to John's point there's a couple things once the other products that we do run through bioproducts, including lysine and these other products as John pointed out it’s not always going to be apple-on-apples with our competitors, because of the transfer pricing between sweeteners and starches and ethanol. It's safe to say that ethanol on the ongoing business for us during the quarter was profitable.
Steve Mills: It would never be under this context, because the way we count for that is if there is a mark-up on the dextrose that comes from sweeteners and starches. It doesn't have anything to do necessarily with the corn; it's for the manufacturing cost to produce dextrose.
Steve Mills: And they we're consistent on how we handled internally, so as we trend that will appear in our results.
Steve Mills: No, I think handling the logical answer to that is that the later it comes in, the more push-back the handling part of that particular commodity will happen. We're trading commodities each and everyday, and that's going to have an impact on that P&L as well as we trade around the asset base that we have. So as we said, there's a lot of moving parts in Ag services, and…
Steve Mills: We haven't seen conditions like this in a long, long time. The other piece with the wet crop that we're having here, it is going to need to be dried, and it probably gives the farmer less flexibility on farm storage and other. So, there's going to be incentives for them to get in and get it moved.
Steve Mills: I'll start. First of all, fertilizer is used by ADM in South America as one of its origination tools. It helps with our relationship with the farmer. We're blenders. We don't go back any farther in the chain and then. We do buy it in and blend it. It was profitable for us in the quarter, fertilizer was, but there was a significant drop in pricing, and you're almost inherently long to a point it's hard to be completely out and that's had an impact on the results. However, it's not a huge part of our business.
Steve Mills: In our books and records, we're going to have numbers that we're expending in all of our facilities, but it's not something that we're going to disclose. 
Steve Mills: Plus you have a little bit of overcapacity. We've added plants in Ghana, Cargill has added (inaudible) has added little bit of capacity. So, we do have a little bit of overcapacity issue in the market right now, too.
Steve Mills: Well, I think it’s still a hindrance because the banking industry has lived through already a couple of these smaller plants going bankrupt. So, they are looking at that, and you do need working capital in order to start up on these plants.
John Rice: Well, the overall volumes, Christine is, we expect to have actually better volumes this year than last year, just because we have larger crops. We're seeing very good export demand on the soybean side of the business. Corn is a little bit slower than what we anticipated, but there's cheaper corn in other places around the world, but we do expect our export assets to run close to capacity this year. In terms of corn shortage and spot shortages, certain areas we've seen that. We've had that. Just because we've had so much rain. Here in Decatur I think we've had over 10 inches of rain in the month of October. So we haven't been able to get the corn out. But with our network we've been able to move corn from one area to the other area without having any real concerns. But now we have a dry forecast and hopefully farmers will get back in the field and actually we saw them in the fields yesterday.
John Rice: We've been arbitraging from one area to the other part of the country right now, but I will not call it a benefit until we really get more of the harvest going.
John Rice: We are seeing more damaged corn coming in, higher screenings also. The actual starch content has a little bit of variance, but we haven't seen any difference between this year's variance and last year's variance. 
John Rice: We are seeing reduced demand, but due to high sugar prices here in the United States and also in Mexico we are seeing more interest in people switching out of sugar, putting more fructose in with their sugar blends. And like I mentioned we are seeing the increased demand to Mexico, and hopefully that will offset the reduction in demand we're seeing here in the United States. Contracting is we're over 50% done currently for this year, but it's still too early to say anything about the pricing or how we are going to seeing how, 2010 will come on until our February call.
John Rice: I think it's a timing issue. I think until the south American crop is harvested and we fill the pipe line and the plant from South America can come on to capacity, the potential for that to happen is there, yes. But I think between now and whenever the crop comes on, you call it March, April, I think the crush margins in the United States and Europe could be (inaudible).
John Rice: No. I agree. We’ll have to fill the pipeline it will take us a little bit longer to fill the pipeline. We will not probably put as much corn on the ground this year we have in previous years. But the seeds point, it’s all timing when we handle the crop we feel we are still going to handle more bushels than last year. The transportation system, we have not been running to capacity like we did when you have a quick harvest, but we still see the potential for that’s to have a pretty good year also.
John Rice: I don't know if I totally agree with that, just because there's so many different variables that can come into play. If the crop does get harvested and we have a fairly quick harvest here to end the crop or to end the harvest, we will have some more basis opportunities. What we're seeing this year is maybe more drying income and less basis opportunities, just because we're not able to buy and accumulate much of the crop. It's hard to say, but we are seeing good export demand on the soybean side. But we're exporting little bit of wheat, we’re exporting wheat out of Europe also. So it's a little hard to say, I guess, David, but I can't argue with your thinking.
John Rice: No, we have so many factors. South American crop, we have great weather conditions right now, plantings are going very well. So I think the market will start focusing on how the South American weather is, as opposed to the US. And right now the weather forecast looks very good that we'll harvest the crop and still have very good volumes.
John Rice: [Then what] will help us David is we maybe handle more volume just because we’ve increased our drawing capacity so we maybe able to bring in more corn where the elevator down the road may not be able to handle it.
John Rice: No. I guess I haven't heard that myself. But when you process, even if the beans come in wet, through the (inaudible) through the dryings the DTDC you will end up taking the meal moisture down to whatever is in the specification. So just because you have a wet crop doesn't that fairly mean the products coming out will be any wetter.
John Rice: I think utilization levels, we're seeing very good export interest on protein demand right now, and I think as long as the South American Argentine crush is lower than expectations, I think the US will to have run at a higher capacity just to offset the deficit in South America.
John Rice: I think the answer to all those questions was yes. I will try to repeat them. The industrial chemical business is in start-up mode. We believe the factories are producing products here in the first calendar quarter of the New Year right as we move over into calendar '10. So probably in ethylene glycol, I think PHA is that same timeframe. So that's the industrial chemical side. Sugar is just getting started as we speak, and it's going to -- it takes awhile to get that ramped up as well. So we expect those to take a bit of time to get flushed out.
John Rice: Well, we'll have to see. We're encouraged by where ethanol margins have gone, and we'll just to have see where they end up.
John Rice: That's a good question. It's hard to say just because of how the crop has been harvested. The US had a very good book of soybeans starting in September shipments out of the United States. So we are a little bit behind. So I don't know if we'll ever see that real harvest pressure that we usually saw in the past years. But the basis levels could actually just be higher this year as opposed to normal years which still gives us some ability on the basis. But right now it's just a little bit hard to say, is just because of the way harvest isn’t coming.
John Rice: Corn is the same way. We have spot areas in the country like I mentioned here in Decatur, where we've had a lot of rain. We've had to ship in corn from other places. Then you get out to Nebraska and harvest has come on very well. But with our transportation network, it really helps us in logistics and we're able to handle these markets a lot better.
John Rice: Well, when we saw corn down in the low $3, we saw more interest. When corn rallied up to four, people started to sit back and not have as much interest in booking next year and corn fell back to the 350. So I think it's more of a price issue, and how it is and how they actually see the crop coming.
John Rice: I guess I don't know how to answer that. Just because each customer is different and what they're looking at, what they have budgeted. What they're looking for next year’s demand. So I think each company is different. So I guess I don't know what else to say.
John Rice: The ethanol business is profitable. It's just the transfer pricing on how that gets accounted, which makes it a little difficult for us to be able to show what the profitability, I guess Steve its…
John Rice: One thing I would like to add is, this also has to do with when we actually sell the crop. So if we're buying it later, even though we may not sell it until March, we won't realize that revenue until March.
John Rice: If we keep getting a lot more rain that can keep the farmers out of the field, snow. However, right now, just looking at the forecast, it's kind of amazing how quickly the farmers get the crop out of the field. Like I said, they started here yesterday, and if they take it into December and January, but we did that last year up in North Dakota. We saw snow in the fields and they ended up harvesting some corn in March. So, I don't know if it ever gets to the point where we don't take the crop out of the field.
John Rice: We are testing the equipment as we speak now, and we plan to have the fermentation running late part of December, and finishing part of the plant probably first part of January.
John Rice: Overall, the gasoline demand will have an effect on this also, but with the increased RFS with California blending to 10% and with the plants that we see coming online, including our own, we feel we're going to be fairly close to balance with supply and demand. Right now, you can have a very good spot margin in ethanol, but if you go out two months you don't have any margin. So, it's really a spot business right now. Corn and energy prices are also going to have a big impact on this, but right now, I think the supply and demand look to be fairly well balanced into 2010. We've also seen some export interest here in the last couple of weeks.
John Rice: We'll still have that REN overhang. You can carry up to 20%, which would be 2.5 billion gallons but I don’t think people will use those as long as the economics are for blending.
John Rice: The potential is there, just because we have idle plants. The problem gets to be is to buy corn today; you can't sell it until seven, eight days from now. You cannot lock in that margin. It's really a spot driven margin. So, it's very tough for a small new ethanol plant to buy corn and lock in any type of margin.
John Rice: We'll have to get back to you on that one. We have it, but I just don't know off the top of my head. 
John Rice: Right now, it's going to different traders around, and we're selling on an FOB basis. So we don't know for sure the destinations.
John Rice: The economics, yes, would lead you to that, could lead to you that. There are also other markets, India and Africa and other people around the world.
John Rice: It will be March of next year before it will be fully operational. We have two plants that we are in the process of shutting down, older facilities on the East coast.
John Rice: Well, primarily it's a macro issue. The demand for products derived from cocoa is down, whether it be chocolate specifically or other products coming out of the cocoa stream. So as in many of our other businesses, there's a supply demand balance that you're always trying to work towards, and we're out of SKU right now.
John Rice: Ian, there's two pieces of that. One, is that there is the global weakness and the recession. An old adage is that chocolate was recession proof, but it's been proven not to be this time, but that's part of the equation. The other equation is that we've seen some historically high input costs now for cocoa and for sugar, which have impacted the chocolate manufacturers, which then in turn look where possible where they could make substitutions. There’s really several things at work here that are holding this group down.
John Rice: Well, I think there is two pieces to that one is, global recovery certainly will help. The second one, as you see is that prices will start to come back down, and that could help. Then to the extent that processors struggle you never know how they will react to the low margins over a long time. We've seen over the years, eventually things get back in balance. It's a matter of time.
John Rice: I don’t know specifically about the financing for a small ethanol plant, that’s just what our customers tell us.
John Rice: I have been looking at those numbers for 30 years, looking for trends and it’s hard to predicts because of the mix of businesses, there is no question that the harvest has its timing issues, one to another, but it’s rode into the mix of all the other businesses that we have and the very ability year-to-year, it’s hard to say, Rob.
John Rice: No, not necessarily, we look at parts of our business where there are more peaks and valleys and things happen.
John Rice: Simply from our end is that the business cycles and the business opportunities are just going to outweigh any seasonality that may appear. 
