Juan Luciano: Thank you Ray. Slide 9, please.  I’d like to congratulate the team once more on delivering great results in 2020. I’m proud of what we achieved and I’m excited to see our work empowering us to reach even greater heights.  In 2020, ag services and oilseeds capitalized on its unparalleled and flexible global footprint to meet strong demand. In 2021, we expect ag services and oilseeds’ strong execution, diverse and flexible crush capabilities, including an extensive soft seed footprint and important strategic work to continue to drive results. In addition, we expect the global demand environment for ag services and oilseeds to remain strong.  China should continue to be a significant buyer. We see continued strong global growth in meal demand and we expect increased demand for vegetable oil due to recovering cooking oils for food service and growth in demand for biofuels, including renewable green diesel. That is why we are confident in another outstanding performance from ag services and oilseeds in 2021. Carbohydrate solutions is showing how we have embedded great execution into our operational structure and culture. The team is doing a great job strengthening their business by optimizing their plans and product mix, and their ability to adjust production in 2020 to quickly meet changes in demand showed how those strategic efforts are paying off. Now they are well positioned to use those same tools as the effect of lockdowns on the food service and transportation fuel sectors dissipates throughout 2021. We expect solid profit growth for the year for carbohydrate solutions. Nutrition continued to harvest investments, leading consumer growth trend areas and partnering with customers to bring innovative new products and solutions to market in 2020. Based on our current organic growth plans, we expect the nutrition team to deliver solid revenue expansion and enter the period of an average of 15% per annum operating profit growth consistent with our strategic plan.  Across ADM, we are fulfilling our purpose and building on a foundation for steady, sustainable earnings growth. We are growing and leading in key trend areas, including food security, health and wellness, and sustainability. Our continued advancements of readiness is benefiting the entire enterprise and we’re making investments in exciting growth innovation platforms, which we’ll be talking more about in the future.  In 2021, we will remain focused on the drivers under our control, having incremental returns as we focus on organic growth, advancing operational excellence initiatives to maximize returns from every business and every asset, and continuing to generate benefits from readiness. With the strong execution of these strategic initiatives and improving market conditions as the year progresses, we expect to build on a record 2020 with strong growth in segment operating profit and another record year of EPS in 2021. With that, Shelby, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes Michael, thank you for the question. Good morning. Listen, we expect 2021 to be a very, very strong year for oilseeds and ag services, maybe with a different mix of earnings that we have in this year. If you think about 2021, we’re starting with tailwinds from 2020, so we’re starting from a different position, and we’re starting the year with improved global crush margins in Q1 versus Q1 last year. We see a year in which we flex a little bit more our capabilities. We see a strong, still soybean crush but an exceptional crop and recovery after many years of softness in the soft seed crush, and I’d remind you that we have about 25% of our capacity in soft seed, and we have about 15% of our capacity that is shifting, so that’s a competitive advantage for ADM.  We see a strong demand for meal, and we see also the vegetable story playing out with good global demand and prices that are today about 20% higher than at the same time last year, and not only coming from food demand but also from fuels, a new renewable green diesel capacity is having an impact in green oil demand and margins, and think that that could be something about half a billion pounds per year this year of extra demand, so all in all we see tight balances and we see a strong margin environment for the rest of the year.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you Vince. Listen, the inverse certainly is indicating to farmers and everybody that to bring the product to the market, so we see a little bit of this talking - of course, nobody wants to run that inverse through--cold inventory through the inverse. What we are seeing is that that inverse is bringing is that--is bringing clear assistance for exports for North America and South America, and we think that that’s an advantage for the ag services business in which it brings better margins normally for export season. You’re going to see a little bit what happened last year, you know, that Brazil sold everything, run out of material, then the tide shifted immediately for the U.S. The U.S. is starting from an extended window of exports because of Brazil started a little bit late the planting, so we are starting with good margins, we are starting with good exports for the first quarter. For the first quarter, Vince, we expect U.S. record volumes for Q1 and then we expect a very strong season at the end of the year with another strong Q4. We’re very, very optimistic about it.
Juan Luciano: No, I think you are correct in your assessment. You also have to understand the value of the full value chain that we run in ADM. When I describe, for example, record exports, that means also record loads for ARTCO, so we get a secondary stream of profits from there for the full value chain. We have stevedoring, we have the barges, and we have the export terminals, so the whole--when you have that kind of volume, the whole value chain gets enhanced margins all through the chain.
Juan Luciano: Yes Ben, when I think about the three businesses for 2021 and when we think about a strong 2021, the ag services and oilseeds business will be a very, very strong year, as I said before, maybe with a different mix of earnings with maybe we’re not going to get to the same levels in RPO business or maybe South American oils, but we’re going to have a better canola and soft seed margins in general for the business. We still expect exports from ag services to be very strong.  We had an exceptionally strong year for global trade in 2020, which I think we’re going to have a strong year, we don’t know exactly we’re going to get to the same level. We plan another outstanding year for ag services and oilseeds in 2021. Carb solutions, I think that that’s the business, as Ray explained it before, that has been the biggest impact by COVID-19, and we think that last year, it was a very tough year in which the team did an outstanding job of growing earnings 11% in that environment. We think that conditions for this year, especially when you think about the pent-up demand, the improvements in conditions with more prevalent vaccination in the second half and all that, and with some exports to China in ethanol, we expect there are many elements there to build a more constructive scenario in 2021 than in 2020. The nutrition business will continue to grow. We are investing in that business and it’s a business that has a strong organic growth program, and we see in that range, as I mentioned before, that when we look at the strategic plan for nutrition as we grow nutrition to the billion-dollar OP during our plan, we’ll look for 15% CAGR to get there, and that’s what we’re expecting for this year.  That’s how I think about 2021.
Juan Luciano: Rob, if I may add, I think something that gives us confidence, because of course the team is pretty good at doing this, is that in very tight markets, the fundamentals become more important because markets move more based on fundamentals, and there the information we have, the visibility we have in the network becomes much more important to make decisions than in other times, when maybe materials are a little bit longer and softer. Then, there are more variables that come into play.
Juan Luciano: And I’d remind you, Ken, that first of all, we are also becoming a larger company, so there are projects now that our organic growth is coming from the new Neovia acquisition, the animal nutrition. We are expanding our bioactives production in Valencia, Spain, so we are becoming a larger company. I’d also remind you that we have a program to divest to reduce capital investment, and we achieved $300 million in that side of the ledger, so we’ll continue with the same capital discipline done before. You can be assured of that.
Juan Luciano: Yes Tom - sorry, I was trying to get my mask off. We’re expecting China to take about 25 million tons of corn, so you know the situation there in China - we think that inventories are much--reserves are much lower than what the market is reporting there. You can see that in the prices that we’ve seen. China didn’t have a great crop, so we expect significant imports for both oilseeds and corn.
Juan Luciano: Yes, we think so, we think so. Of course, not all comes from the U.S., it comes from different sources, but it is. China is trying other things as well - you know, they are reducing a little bit their wheat stocks, they have imported a lot of wheat from Australia as well. Remember that all this is driven by the recovery from ASF - they are trying to rebuild the curve, but also by the professionalization of the feeding that has included much more of all these grains into Russia. We think that we will continue to see multi-year increases in China’s appetite for all these commodities.
Juan Luciano: Yes, they have different dynamics. Human nutrition is much more related to specific innovation projects that are driven by customers in our pipeline, and we feel very strongly about that. Our pipeline continues to grow and our win rates continue to grow. Animal nutrition has been a little bit more affected by COVID in the sense that there are some parts of it, like aquaculture, where fish and shrimp are much more consumed in restaurants than at home, while on the other hand pet, with people spending more time at home, companion animals have become a little bit better. I would say there are puts and takes there, and it’s difficult to judge ahead of time. I think the important thing about the nutrition business is when you take a look at what’s happening, is that that’s a business that is investing in growth but also has been able to grow returns and to grow margins within the year in both divisions, both in animal and in human nutrition. I think we’re going to continue to see that with, as I said, the different paths to growth with animal nutrition more in building organic growth for some of the projects, especially in Asia and in parts of Latin America, and then in human nutrition with more specific customer innovation projects in North America and Europe. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, I would say the harvesting continues. These plants that we built are relatively new plants, whether it’s pea protein or specialty proteins in Campo Grande, so we’re going to have harvesting for many years down the road, hopefully. I would say that 2021 is a year of heavier investment, if you will, again another round of investment. Some of those things are capabilities, whether it’s customer insights and marketing, whether it’s new digital connections to customers, new models to innovate virtually, and even a lot of organic growth. We have--we kind of went light in organic growth projects in animal nutrition during 2020 because we were working on the synergies and, to be honest, because the COVID environment didn’t allow for a lot of project work. Now, we are going into more of that, so you’re going to see 2021 being a little bit heavier investment in that, in capabilities and plant. Some of these, you don’t see because this is building the foundations. We are a science based nutrition company, but you see for example in the quarter, we got two awards. We got the FIE Award for Innovation in Pea Protein, and we got the BIG Innovation Award for BPL1, one of our probiotics. We continue to invest in science, in customer insights and in organic growth in this business as we harvest, and the harvesting you see in how our ROIC continues to grow in that business and you see the success of our value proposition in how the EBITDA margins continue to grow in our business.  We are very happy, but Eric, we are at the early stages of building the best nutrition company out there. We are probably halfway through that build. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, we see an environment of real demand, real effective demand happening out there, and to be honest, our customers don’t have a lot of inventory because everybody has been talking of going hand to mouth with this inverse, so we see truly strong demand and tight balance sheets. As you said, corn and oilseeds, I think they’re going to touch [indiscernible] balance sheet. Wheat is a little bit stronger, but the Black Sea has not had a great wheat season, although Australia has a wheat growing season, so we see this is going to take 18 to 24 months for these supply-demand balances to be rebuilt. We see these conditions persisting for the next couple of years, even with farmers, imagine like you, trying to plant more, because I think that these prices will bring more acres into production. But we need those extra acres right now.
Juan Luciano: Yes, something that you have to understand, and I’m going to speak at a high level here, but the nutrition has a different OP to capital sensitivity than the other businesses. These projects are--sometimes you have big projects like Campo Grande for specialty proteins, but the rest of the projects, if you think that the commodity business has maybe a multiplier of you need five units of capex to get one unit of OP, sometimes in nutrition you get a one-on-one. I think the issue is that because it’s a smaller business, sometimes this investment, this effort has a higher impact in the P&L because they need to carry as they grow and as they build the smaller business. But I would say the nutrition is not a heavy capital intensive business, so when you hear me speaking about animal nutrition organic growth projects, those are small projects. They are not in the hundreds of millions of dollars type of projects, so I would say we continue to emphasize them but it’s not a heavy burden on the capital. That’s why we’re growing so fast and we still are not forecasting north of a billion dollars, even when we’re doing One ADM and all that. I think it’s very affordable growth from a capital perspective. 
Juan Luciano: I think--listen, exports to China, we’ve been talking a lot about that. We expect this year will be a record high, so they are taking because, you know, corn is expensive in China. You also need to remember in this equation, sugar prices are at an all-time high, so in Brazil you make a choice, so it’s different than the U.S., in Brazil you make a choice how much you make of sugar and ethanol, and of course sugar prices are a big temptation this year. We expect higher exports and maybe we expect a little bit of less pressure from Brazil in that sense. 
Ray Young: Yes Michael, it’s Ray here. This is in the crush part of the ag services and oilseeds. As you pointed out, we increased by $125 million in the quarter, so now we have a balance of about $295 million in timing effects. We expect that roughly half will get reversed in the first quarter based upon the book that we have right now, and then the other half will be reversed over the second and third quarters and actually we’ll see how prices move, but this is our current expectations in terms of how we expect this to play out over the course of ’21.
Ray Young: Yes, sure Adam. Let me start here.  It’s useful to refer to also how they manage 2020, right, because 2020, when you think about businesses that have been most negatively impacted by COVID-19, the carb sol segment was the one most negatively impacted, yet in 2020 they grew earnings. What they did was they really managed product mix extremely well - you know, driving starches, driving industrial alcohol. They managed the ethanol production well and frankly had a positive impact on industry margins through the idling actions it took. But what a lot of people forget is we have an international business that’s growing, right so we’re expanding capacity over in Europe, and the European operations almost doubled in profitability in 2020 compared to 2019, a big contributor there. In the North America milling operations, their footprint optimization is really paying off with 20% growth in profitability in ’20 versus ’19, so when you think about 2021, this playbook continues. Number one, we do expect stabilizations in the North American starches and sweetener business as the beginnings of recovery in demand for certain products occur with the dissipation of lockdowns. Secondly, they’re continuing to drive great product portfolio mix, so particularly in the area of liquid dextrose and maltodextrin and citric acid. Those are actually, from a product mix perspective, very beneficial. Thirdly, continued international growth, so when you think about where sugar prices are around the world right now, our European operations, whereby we’ve added capacity, continues to drive growth, they’re going to be another contributor. Then lastly, we expect continued growth in terms of our milling operations, and very pleased in terms of how their optimization plan is really playing out. Now getting back to some of the comments on the year-over-year comparison, we start off the year with weaker margins in ethanol, but if you recall in last year, margins actually hit a low of negative $0.45 in March. We don’t see that, so when you think about year-over-year comparisons, we’re going to start off on a challenged basis but we do expect the industry supply-demand balances in the ethanol industry get better balance as we move through the year, for several reasons. Number one, China actually has been buying U.S. ethanol. That’s something that they have not been doing over the past couple of years, and we believe that they’ve already made commitments already in the first half of the year for U.S. ethanol equal to the previous all-time high for the calendar year, roughly 200 million gallons. We’ll have to see where China ends up in the calendar year in terms of imports of U.S. ethanol.  Secondly, there has been announced reconfiguration of ethanol capacity by various competitors in the industry as they kind of focus their production away from transportation fuel ethanol towards other products, so that’s going to have an impact in industry supply and demand. Thirdly, the industry itself, there is about 10% to 15% of capacity that remains idled, and from our perspective we’re going to remain very disciplined in terms of when we actually re-start the dry mills because we’ll want to see sustainable margins before we re-start, and hopefully sometime in the first half we’re going to see that. Then lastly, how the small refinery exemptions will play out over the first part of the year as the Supreme Court rules on it will have an impact, frankly, in terms of domestic demand for ethanol. If you take a look at RINs pricing right now, there is an expectation in the U.S. that domestic ethanol demand is going to be strong over the course of this calendar year, given just a recovery in terms of driving miles as we go through the year and then, secondly, how the expectations in terms of how the SREs will play out. Overall, Adam, we feel good about how we start the year in terms of the carb solutions businesses, but we do see particularly in the area of ethanol, we see green shoots of recovery in 2021 for this business here.
Ray Young: Well, we finished the year actually from a leverage perspective on a debt to EBITDA ratio in reasonable position because, as you know, inventory financing from a rating agency perspective, you get RMI credit, so with the movement in higher commodity prices which moved working capital higher, clearly we’re financing it. One of the things very different than the last crisis back in 2008 is that we’ve really diversified our working capital lines, and so I feel good about our ability to finance a higher working capital level. But from a leverage perspective with the RMI credits, our leverage--our balance sheet remains strong, and so we believe we’ve got fire power in order to continue to look at opportunistic M&A and opportunistic share buybacks over the course of the year.
Ray Young: Yes, a lot of it is going to be a function of where ethanol moves over the course of the year. We expect it to be over $100 million. We expect it to be over $100 million, but where we land, a lot of it will be where ethanol moves over the next couple months here. But again, if you recall last year, we had about $65 million of negative corn oil market to market that won’t get repeated, so that’s going to be a benefit in our first quarter results this year.
Ray Young: Yes Rob, it’s Ray here. A couple things to note. First of all, the team did an outstanding job on risk management, so without disclosing everything that they do, it’s fair to say that we had a lot of our requirements for 2021 hedged before the significant run-up in terms of corn costs. I think that the team did some great work in terms of anticipating how S&Ds would actually work over the course of 2021. With respect to contracts, just a reminder not every contract gets negotiated in the contract cycle. We have multi-year contracts, and so a certain amount of contracts got negotiated and the outcome of the negotiations is the fact that we expect to be able to maintain our margins as we go through 2021 relative to 2020, through a combination of contract negotiations as well as the efforts that we’re doing in terms of managing the mix and also managing our costs there. The other comment in terms of rising corn costs, and also given really a strong demand environment for feed, is you’ve seen cold product values go up. That’s a benefit for our businesses as well, so I think in the fourth quarter we made the comment that part of the strong results is that we had very favorable net corn costs. We expect that the team is also going to be able to manage through ’21 with good net corn cost as well, so I think the team--and the carb sol team, they’ve done an outstanding job on the risk management side in managing through the higher corn cost environment here.
Ray Young: I think, Rob, let’s keep it to the fact that we’ve been able to manage in total the portfolio, the contracts and being able to maintain the margins year over year. That’s the level of disclosure I think we want to make at this point. Thank you.
Ray Young: Ken, a couple things on the increased capex. One, I mentioned that we are in the midst of a business transformation program, so 2021 will be one of our peak years into a project, the One ADM project, so we do have some capitalized--some incremental capitalized costs associated with the program that’s part of our capex budget. Secondly, with the pandemic in 2020, some projects got moved over, got pushed from 2020 into 2021. Some of them are growth projects, some of them are cost reduction projects, some of them are non-discretionary expenditure projects, so there’s a series of projects that we did push from 2020 to ’21 just due to the pandemic and our ability to execute.  Then thirdly, we do have growth projects. We mentioned organic growth, our focus in that area, so we do have organic growth projects going on in the course of 2021. Those are the three buckets as to why the number is increasing from the number that we finished up in ’20 from ’21.  Again, the range, $900 million to $1 billion is a large range. We haven’t approved some of these projects, we’re just putting it in terms of a placeholder, but part of our discipline is we will be evaluating the timing, the returns, and determining do we actually spend it in the course of ’21 or not. As you know, in terms of growth projects, our hurdle rates are double-digit percentages, right? Our hurdle rates are double-digit percentages in order to approve these projects.
Ray Young: There’s a lot of puts and takes there, Ken, right, so I think it’s fair to say that our pre-tax numbers are going to grow significantly and there is going to be a little--you take a little bit off with the higher tax rate. I think that’s probably the more important factor, is our higher tax rate will skim off a little bit of the pre-tax improvement that we’re going to drive in ’21 versus ’20.
Ray Young: There’s a couple, Ben. There’s a couple large projects in the carb solutions business that we’re finishing up in 2021, so the Bulgaria expansion, we’re finishing up, we’re finishing up the building of the feed health in Clinton, so there’s a couple of chunky investments that we’re just finishing up over the course of ’21.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone. I have two questions. First, the capex spending is going up. What are you incrementally spending on and what do you think the returns are, and when will you actually get the returns associated with that and how do we think about the incremental products there? That’s my first question.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Then my second question, really more of a clarification, you said in 2021 EPS and operating profit would be higher year over year, or could be significantly higher - I forgot the exact word, but does that include or exclude the $295 million? I’ll leave it there.
Ken Zaslow: Yes, are you going to be able to grow numbers outside that $295 million, or is that $295 million included in what you think is going to be a year-over-year--
Ken Zaslow: Would you be able to grow even without that, or is that part of the--I guess I’m just trying to figure out, when you say significant growth, is that beyond the $295 million or is that including? If you didn’t have the $295 million, would you still be able to grow? I’ll leave it there.
