Juan R. Luciano: Thank you Ray. Let's turn to Slide 10. Earlier this month we unveiled a new corporate identity for ADM. The new identity builds on our purpose to unlock the power of nature, to enrich the quality of life, and reflects our evolution as a company. I'm proud of what we have accomplished in the five years since we purchased WILD both in terms of our nutrition segment results including our 23% year-over-year operating profit growth in 2019 but also in the unparalleled value proposition we offer our customers. Today our ability to work with our customers operating an industry leading array of products along with expertise and innovation to help them deliver unique solutions along with ADM systems sets us apart and put us in an unequal position to meet global consumer trends. And we are building the same capabilities in our animal nutrition business.Only a year in Neovia is performing above our expectations and we remain far ahead in the timing of achieving our synergy goals. We are going to continue to deliver on that growth story and drive margin growth in that business the same as we have done with WILD. With the momentum we have in the human nutrition business the accelerating growth of our health and wellness business and the second year of Neovia as part of our animal nutrition business we expect another year of 20% plus growth in profitability in our nutrition segment in 2020. At the same time we are continuing to drive results in the Ag Services and Oilseeds and Carb Solutions businesses which are a critical value creation engines for the company. This businesses have leadership positions in their respective markets but we know we can further improve. We remain focused on capital efficiency, portfolio management, and the use of technology and analytics to help drive cost and margin improvements in those segments.Despite all our accomplishments it's important to also focus on the things that did not go as planned in our execution in 2019. Our planned improvements in Decatur, corn, and seeds complexes although substantially complete took longer than expected and their overall results in 2019 were well behind their targets. Our new centralized Operations Center of Excellence will help make sure the plant improvements are implemented more effectively going forward. And despite the impressive results we have achieved with some of our recent investments, those growth projects have not reached their full potential. That is why in 2020 we are going to start to pivot our readiness focus initially placed more on efficiencies so we are harvesting our investments and driving commercial improvements and revenue growth.So as I look ahead to 2020 and beyond I see significant opportunities. We feel that external conditions should improve in the back half of the year particularly as it impacts from the Phase 1 agreement between the U.S. and China take hold. Nevertheless we are planning conservatively and focused on driving our own results for the year. We are focused on opportunities for business improvement including our ongoing strategic review of our dry mills and addressing lysine. We are advancing readiness and there is still more to harvest from our recent growth initiatives. We will be acting on all of these opportunities in 2020 while remaining focused on disciplined capital allocation and M&A as we continue to drive towards our 10% long-term ROIC objective.With all of these factors and without taking into account the benefits of the biodiesel tax credit we are targeting the delivery of pretax improvements of $500 million to $600 million in 2020 compared to 2019. Looking beyond 2020 as we continue to advance our strategy I am excited by the growth opportunities offered by evolving consumer trends and by the improvements and efficiencies we are continuing to execute across ADM. With that Jack please open the line for questions.
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah, we are very positive about the oil demand into the year. We've seen demand outpacing capacity or production for most of the eight oils. We've seen Eric biodiesel not only the support of the tax credit in North America but also biodiesel mandates going up around the world. We are also seeing good demand for food oils and we're seeing a decline in the production of palm oil due to weather and fertilizer applications, so that has been tightening the market. So we've seen oil prices coming up. And also remember that we had a small rapeseed crop in Europe so that's also tightening little bit the balances. So I think that the oil story will support crush going into 2020 is our view.
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah, the way we have estimated it for our sales is back end loaded. So the exports to China are coming in the second half of the year. So yes, we expect at the time that we have all that pressure in the system. This export will come and that could improve margins by that point in the Q4 of 2020.
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah, thank you Ben. Listen, as you said Argentina starts 2020 with a number of challenges that are historically economic. They need to tackle the $100 billion debt, higher levels of poverty, inflation, and the government has very little room to maneuver so they have implemented all the export taxes. And as such the farmers are taking a very defensive position. So the farmers at this point in time they've sold a lot of grain in anticipation of export taxes. And today as an Argentine you cannot buy dollars to hedge against your devaluation. So basically you need to hold to the grain. So I think that the farmer will focus on financial management and cash flow management during the year. So they sold a lot in anticipation of the export taxes and they're going to be a reluctant seller for the rest of the year.So you're going to see and we're seeing right now the impact of that of Argentina being less of a export in the meal we see in the U.S. meal going into Europe recently whether it is Spain or Germany. Also going to Philippines so U.S. meal being the most competitive feed for places where non-traditional and traditional export markets for the U.S. So yes, we see these if we were to continue to be supportive of crush margins in North America and Europe for that matter.
Juan R. Luciano: When we look at oilseeds, in general crush margins I would say, from an Oilseeds and Ag Services perspective as I explained to Eric before, we think that the exports will be backend loaded. So from an export elevation margins, if you will, that's where we think it's going to happen. From a crush perspective, we are positive in general to crush. The demand has been very good so far and I would estimate rates for meal had in the range of 3% to 4% for the U.S. So we feel good about that. As I mentioned, we've seen record weekly soybean meal exports recently to Spain, Germany, and the Philippines and that will be supportive of crush margins here in the U.S.So we think that meal bases will remain strong and even if all these China purchases come, we should be able to offset that potential bases gain for soybeans. Europe we have seen soy margins have firmed in recent weeks and they are in the $30 to $40 per metric tons a little bit on the Argentine not being that aggressive into Europe. And of course, grape margins are under pressure since we have a small grape, a small grape crop there. When we see China margins have been steady, around $30 to $35 per ton. Crush has been robust. Meal demand actually has been surprisingly resilient mostly on more feeding to hogs, but also in poultry and aquaculture that requires a lot of soybean meal. I would say if I go to Brazil, we have pretty good margins in Brazil. These are the best margins we've seen in quite some time in Brazil, mostly due to all the exports that are going to China. So with ASF, we've seen all those slaughterhouses exporting a lot to China so that that keeps a very robust demand there in Brazil.We have seen margins dropping in Paraguay to maybe -- crush margin to maybe $20, mostly because we've seen Argentine crushers go into to Paraguay to procure beans. So that has been the biggest, if you will, a negative impact that this Argentine situation we have had in crush margin. So that's how I see the world right now. With respect to ASF, we think that probably the worst is a little bit behind us in maybe 2019. The scenario developed a little bit as we predicted or as the experts predicted in which we saw that protein gap of maybe 20 million tons being filled mostly with imports and we see Brazil being very aggressive filling up those imports and we see the crush margins impact of that. We've seen also China reacting to that with more chicken and aquaculture and we see the crush margins there as well. We think that we're going to see the impact of U.S. exporting as well now with the Phase 1, because although U.S. exports grew it was still relatively small given that there were still import tariffs in place.So we see a progressive shift in the industry in China towards more professionalized farming in that regard and that used more soybean meal. So we see that as a positive. But we expect also for imports to continue our more elevated rates than in the past, even on a long term basis. So we expect the recovery over 2021 and 2022 becoming normal, but the new normal will be slightly different.
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah, I would say that if you remember how we build this kind of algorithm, this kind of math. We were going to have, we had in 2019 about $125 million of very unusual weather events. We normally have weather events, but this was one in the 40 years kind of event. So we're counting $125 million hopefully with more normalized weather we will not have. Then we have all these leakages that we will fix indicator, we will fix the lysine, we will fix Golden Peanut and some of those leakages we didn't complete, as I said before on time. And some of them have an overspill and we have an opportunity to get an extra maybe 50 million or a little bit north of 50 million in terms of leakages. Then we have the interventions that we made last year, the restructuring. There was about $200 million of potential savings but we captured only $80 million last year. So $120 million are coming in full fruition in 2020.Then we have the readiness that's going to contribute give or take another $250 million like they contributed this year. You know something between $200 million and $300 million, just $250 million to make it easy. And then we have the harvesting of some of the investments that we made and that's originally we have said something around the 100 million to 150 million. It is probably going to be a little bit higher than that since we underperformed a little bit on that in 2019.So those kind of kind of the algorithms, so that's where we feel comfortable Ken because these are things that we have invested already for. We just need to bring them to the P&L. Readiness is a pipeline of project that we have identified, not that we need to come up with those projects, we just need to execute into that. The interventions, I mean these are things that we normally transition into. And the leakages are well controlled. The Decatur plan has the highest scoring grind in two years in December. Our wood milling has been having great yields also in the Q4. Golden peanuts and Three Nuts is working well. So we feel good about our algorithm I would say.
Juan R. Luciano: That is correct. When we plan and when we describe this number, this is all things that we can control. If we have a benefit from expansion of margins on a Phase 1 deal because of exports or other things that will be on top of these. We have planned some exports, of course, part of the deal, but we didn't plan a significant expansion of margins. We done the 500 to 600, all of the things that we can control, this scenario wouldn't change.
Juan R. Luciano: Sure yes. We are very excited, of course, about the nutrition business. If you think about the nutrition business evolution Ken and I think that I talked about the evolution because it's important in terms of the linkage with ADM if you will. This is a business that started from having specialty proteins out of oilseeds and lots of fibers and emulsifiers and other products out of corn. So these are businesses that are tied to that and they created the nutrition business. And then, of course, we added WILD flavors for human nutrition and human nutrition is, growing nicely. Then we added Neovia to complete our animal nutrition business and that's going very, very well. And now we are very excited about two development areas that we have; one is the health and wellness area with all the microbiome. And that's very synergistic with all the other stuff. That's very synergistic with human nutrition, that's very synergistic with animal nutrition as well.But we have a lot of opportunities there and running clinical trials and you saw the acquisition of Biopolis, the acquisition of Protexin, the acquisition now of Yerbalatina Phytoactives in the area of botanical. So that's an area that is going to receive a lot of attention and a lot of resources to grow. And then we have the insipient area of fermentation that Ray described before, which is all these companies that are looking for sustainable materials we are a fermentation company. We have a lot of capabilities, not only technical, but also asset wise. And that's an area that continues to grow. If you notice health and working capital 44% and I think that is still a small base, but you will continue to see.So not only we have a vibrant and growing nutrition business, but we have the roots or maybe the next nutrition business with that. So at this point in time, we continue to invest in that. We think that they are going to become the higher percentage of ADM operating profit and hopefully valuation will reflect that at the proper time. If we see that, that growth is not reflected in valuation, we will look at how to unlock that value. There are no sacred cows and you know us Ken and we're going to be very focused on unleashing that value. But at this point in time, we feel that the integration works well. We feel that the different business models don't conflict to each other. And they are very synergistic at this point. So we feel good about it.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. As you know we have no crushers there. But everything So you as you know, we're not the pressures there. So but -- everything we see at this point points to those near-by margins of about maybe single-digit margins. Of course, if you look at April or when you have the harvest, you're going to see more $10 to $15 maybe per ton but that's on paper right now, because right now the farmer is not selling the new crop. So we're seeing some people crushing unpriced beans and as I said, we've seen crushers going all the way to Paraguay to get the beans. So that not an inexpensive way to supply yourself. So that's what is creating the compression to be honest. But that's all we know at this point in time.
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah. I think that Argentina maybe will crash the same amount. But I think it will be difficult to convince the farmer to give away the beans. As I said, as an Argentine you can, the only way to protect yourself from inflation and devaluation is to be in dollars. And you cannot buy more than $200 today. So if you sell your crop, you cannot buy dollars. So people are holding to the crop because the crop preserves the value in dollars. So unless the government does something different and changes the conditions that they are today, today the farmer will be a hoarder of their grain for the rest of the year. So my point is you will have to pay up because the farmer will only sell it when the prices are impossible to ignore. So that that's kind of my view at this point in time.But, things are very dynamic Heather. I mean, it's so difficult to project a year in Argentina. So I would say that's the situation right now. By the end of March, Argentina concludes or supposed to conclude the negotiations why they are mapping double structure in the debt, that will be very important time to assess the year for Argentina, because then you're going to know what could be done from a government perspective. At this point in time there's very little room to maneuver and it's very difficult to predict in a highly political environment.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. Let me clarify it Rob. I didn't mention that the U.S. and soybean meal to China. I said two things. I said that the U.S. has been exporting meal to nontraditional destinations like Spain and Germany and Philippines. And then I said that the soybean meal demand in China has been resilient because of feeding more pigs and actually posted growth and aquaculture growth there, so sorry if I confused you with all those things. Regarding shifting between Brazil and Argentina, Brazil and the U.S. listen, I do believe that China intends to comply with the Phase 1 conditions of the deal. So in that sense, that has to come at the expense of Brazilian exports. So I think to a certain degree it is going to be a zero-sum game in which Brazil will export less if the U.S. will export more to China.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. So I think the team has done a good job on creating the wholly owned subsidiary, VCP that was launched on December 1st, as a sub segment of Carbohydrate Solutions. I said it publicly and we're still discussing with a few parties. I can characterize those discussions in an advanced stage. So hopefully we will get to a resolution on that. We have a couple of alternatives, different type of deals that we're looking at. In the meantime, we think that some things have clarified itself since the last time we talked or at least presented a little bit of a better medium term perspective for this business. Of course ethanol is included in the Phase 1 agreement with China. So that's encouraging news.We have seen recently the courts issue on the SRD waivers. And that's a positive, that spike brings today that that happens is it sets a good precedent. And we have seen also sugar prices come up over 20% since September, which is another important thing, as you know, that ethanol competes with sugar in Brazil for the production of that. So I think some encouraging signs for the medium term. And there are a lot of despite the short-term difficulties, there seems to be significant interest in various parties to gain scale of economies. And you know we have the largest dry meals out there. So this is very important for consolidation place. So we're still optimistic about getting something done.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. The objective is still there to get nutrition to be about 25% OP. Of course, we don't want to do it by reducing the OP of other businesses. So that's why we focus on how much nutrition grows year-over-year. You heard Ray saying before we grew operating profits, 68% in the quarter and 23% year-over-year. So basically every year nutrition is kind of high in the quarter to the year, if you will, which is very impressive. We plan to do it the way we build it so all the way to now. So every now and then, we have a major acquisition that we did with Wild Flavors in 2014, then we did Neovia in 2018. So it was four years apart. In the meantime, in the in between, we did some bolt on, we did some organic growth and we're going to do the same based on our capital allocation and our returns discipline. So we are very, very mindful of that and we want to stick to that.So think about it again, our three main thrusts; one is human nutrition. That will continue to grow aggressively more than the market. Then we have animal nutrition. That's the same with the Neovia boost and the margin improvement story there. And then we have where we are probably going to be putting more money is the area of health and wellness and the area of fermentation. Those are the areas that are growing very fast. But they are still very, very tiny today. And that's where you're going to see the acceleration. But I would say that the strategy will not change significantly in the sense that we're going to have some transformational deals every now and then. But then bolt ons and organic growth and that's the way we build it. We expect to get to 25%, if that's the question probably within the next three to four years.
Ray G. Young: Ben on the co-product value, a lot of this has been driven by the demand for vegetable oils or corn values have gone up and so that's really supported our overall core products from that business. As we kind of think through the rest of the year we do believe that with the contracts completed we will be able to maintain the margins that we had through the negotiations. Our overall starches and sweetener performance improvements will be directly a result of things that we can control.So the recovery of the Decatur, some of the improvements we are doing over in EMEA, there is recovery in sugar prices over in Europe as well so lot of both factors will help drive improvements in our starches and sweetener business in 2020 compared to 2019.
Ray G. Young: Yeah, I would say with respect to the corn question of when we are becoming more competitive is right now. Right now we're becoming more competitive and I think that for the next two or three months window, the corn is -- the U.S. corn is the most competitive in the world. So you're going to see those exports pick up right now. With regards to quality yes, there are quality issues with these late crop and we're working through that. Quality is an issue, not yet a huge issue but it's an issue that at one point in time we could start driving farmers selling basically to get those products out of the pile.
Ray G. Young: Like we mentioned, I mean they're completed. And I think in general we're able to maintain the margins that we had last year from a gross margin perspective, which by the way are healthy, right. I mean, we have been able to sustain that over the past couple of years. Really driving the improvements, it really is to the things that we can't control. And as one indicator, we did have leakages in the Decatur complex. It took us a while in order to kind of get the complex to be running at the rate that we want to. We got that done at the end of the year, but frankly, we thought we could get done sooner in the year. So that's going to be a positive delta for us in the starches and sweetener segment. We had weather issues, as you know earlier in the year. High water conditions shut down some of our corn plants. We're hoping that doesn't repeat itself. That should be a positive delta also in terms of the starches and sweeteners segment.And then we've had some issues over in EMEA, over in Europe, whether it be at their Chamtor facility or over the Central European facilities. We've had an improvement in terms of market conditions as we move to the back part of the year. And so hopefully that will continue, that should present a positive delta also in terms of our starches and sweetener segment. So again, on things that we can control or some of the factors over in Europe, those are all positive tailwinds for our starches and sweetener business in 2020.
Ray G. Young: Yeah. So, Mike, of course, I will first go out to those guys who have been impacted by the virus and we are monitoring the situation and the safety of our employees pretty closely. Actually, ADM have donated 150,000 to the China Red Cross to help their efforts to contain the virus. At this point in time, the impact to us in ADM is it's very difficult to assess so early on. We have about 1100 employees in China, but our direct profits in China are small. Of course, our exposure is through Wilmar. Wilmar has two locations in Wuhan and of course, they are currently shut down because of Chinese New Year and we will wait for the authorities to see how those operations will come back. Shanghai is shut down until February 9th. We know that no employees from Wilmar has been infected. And, of course, since Wilmar was going to shut down for Lunar New Year, they had inventory of products. So for normal demand, we can -- they will be able to supply. We don't know exactly what's happening with distribution at this point in time within China, since the information is relatively scarce.So at this point in time Wilmar issued a press release saying that we don't expect any significant impact to their businesses. So, of course, probably people going out, that type of entertainment and dining will be reduced. So some of the bulk products may be -- bulk consumer products could be impacted in demand, but people will have to eat inside anyway. So in that sense, more the packaged foods would probably pick up a little bit. So at this point in time, we don't expect a significant impact in our business. How could that impact ADM in general, we are in a very fundamental business, which is the business of food. So I think that we will be impacted to the extent that GDP, the global GDP will be impacted and that will depend on the magnitude of that. And hopefully the very high alert and very high response of the Chinese government will contain this. So again, we are trying to make everything possible, even contributing funds to help with the containment of this virus.
Ray G. Young: No, no, we didn't provide any full year Ag Services and Oilseeds. We were saying that basically looking at for Q1 overall Ag Services and Oilseeds should be lower but Ag Services. So the Ag Services part of Ag Services and Oilseeds should be in line with the year-over-year.
Ray G. Young: No, we're not. That's right. I mean, all that is excluding biodiesel tax credit impacts. So the year-over-year comparison does not have the BTC in any of it and doesn't have the BTC in 2020. Just to make it an easy comparison for you.
Ray G. Young: Yeah, you're exactly right. And when you think about comparison, I'd look at GAAP SG&A on a year-over-year basis. There's been an actually the acquisitions that we've made Neovia, SCC Ziegler. Basically the SG&A cost actually come into the 2019 GAAP statements. So that that accounts for the majority of the increase that we've seen in SG&A which also had some investments in IT and the business transformation and then that's partially offset by the savings that we've had regarding our workforce restructuring. The other thing to note is SG&A when we start bringing in more the nutrition business into ADM, naturally the SG&A will go up. This is a S component associate with nutrition on SG&A. So as our business mix continues to move towards more nutrition, you will see a little bit more on the SG&A line and that's primarily driven by the S part of it.
Ray G. Young: Yeah. I mean, basically going up by roughly $150 million but I mean, a lot of it is the business transformation whereby we're making the investments so we are putting in the S for us investment into the company. So that's going to be a chunk of it. R&D ventures, we continue to invest in innovation, which is very important for the company. And then centralization. As we centralize global operations, as we centralized purchasing, as we centralized some of the global business services. That's going to be a shift in costs from the business units over to the central at corporate allocated. So those are the main components of why the number will be going up overall.
Ray G. Young: No, no, it is mainly Ag Services, Oilseeds assets. As we -- we kind of help, there is a term we use precision EVA whereby we're looking at all the assets very carefully, determining what makes sense for us to keep, sell or fix or basically dispose. And so we took some charges related to some vessels, oceangoing vessels, we took some charges related to some businesses that we're going to divest. And we took some charges related to some operations which, we're going to restructure. So I view it as part of the overall precision EVA that Ag Services and Oilseeds team is working on right now.
