Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.60, up 43% from the prior-year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $678 million. Our year-over-year results improved as a company and in all four of our business segments in the first quarter, and we continue to be on course for a stronger 2017. Ag Services was up for the quarter with higher results in U.S. grain and transportation operations. The Corn business delivered a good quarter with improved performances across their portfolio. Oilseed earnings were up, including solid results in global softseeds and from our equity investment in Wilmar. WFSI results were higher, led by WILD Flavors. We are advancing our strategic plan with a pending acquisition of French sweetener company, Chamtor; the announcements of expansions to our Animal Nutrition capabilities in China and a further investment in Wilmar. We also implemented about $50 million in run-rate cost savings during the first three months of the year. And in line with our balance capital allocation framework, we returned more than $400 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases during the quarter. We are continuing to execute the long-term strategic plan that we launched in 2012, and we're seeing the results. We have strengthened our core, improving our cost positions and implementing measures to improve results where necessary. Our operational excellence initiatives have delivered significant savings and efficiencies, and we continue to grow strategically by expanding into new geographies and increasing our capabilities in food, beverages and feed. Those actions contributed to the improved results we saw in the first quarter despite still muted margin environment in some businesses and the continued momentum in the execution of our plan gives us confidence that we will deliver sustainable value creation. I'll provide more detail on our results later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, thank you, David. Of course, you have heard that we're working very hard in Ag Services to continue to improve our operations. We have been seeing or facing a couple of years of very strong headwinds into that business. We are expecting improvements – and we've seen the first quarter – we still expect an improvement in the second quarter. First quarter was characterized by a strong export out of the U.S. We export significant volumes. The margins were okay, were not spectacular, but were solid margins. And we have some headwinds in international merchandising. With ample stocks around the world there is a very subdued environment for us to make profitable international trades, if you will, in the international merchandising business. So we've been working very hard to reduce our fixed cost, if you will, in that area, whether we shut down our office in South Africa, whether we consolidated offices in Argentina and reduce a little bit our manpower there. We have made some changes in personnel where we needed to do so. So it's been our improvement into that business. We still believe that over time, we're going to continue to grow our earnings. We are very pleased with our destination marketing business. We continue to grow 10% our volume there. Our acquisition in Medsofts is doing well. We have opened several offices around the world. So I will say we continue to make progress. It's still short of the range we used to hit, and we're not going to hit it this year. But this year will be better than last year. And we expect again our trend to continue in the second quarter. So I hope that satisfies, David, a little bit the outlook for Ag Services.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, Sandy, yes. So the short term, I will say, we are very bullish in terms of ethanol margins. We think we're going to have a very strong Q2 and Q3. We had very strong exports in the first quarter. We expect Q2 exports to remain very strong. Even without any China in our forecast we are still expecting the industry to export about 1.1 billion, 1.3 billion gallons. This is the time of the year in which we're going to see domestic demand accelerate as the driving season gets better, if it ever stops raining and the weather improves. And we're going to see a draw in inventories by May. So we expect strong Q2 and Q3 and volumes more normal into Q4. So all in all, we expect a good year. Brazil, we think that this is going to put a lot of export in our books, in the industry's books by the whole first half. They've been very strong in Q1. We're going to see some of that continue into Q2. But there are other geographies, whether it's India and Canada, that continue to grow and we continue to develop new export markets. So we're thinking 14.5 billion gallons, give or take in terms of domestic demand, plus 1.1 billion gallons, 1.3 billion gallons of exports. So we think that there is going to be very good balance for the rest of the year. Second part of your question was to what extent this impact in our dry mills consideration. It hasn't. We continue to have the same strategic question about what we want to do with the dry mills. We haven't found any option at this point in time to execute on that was giving us the value creation that we wanted for our shareholders. So we continue to look and we continue to keep an eye on the developments on the tax reform in the U. S. that could impact some of the options or could value some of the options in different ways. So we continue to discuss with a couple of interested parties. But probably, as I said, look inside with a little bit to the tax reform progress that the Trump administration may do this year or in next year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, sure, Farha. So as it has been widely publicized, obviously, Brazil will have a very large crop. We expect soybeans to be up in production maybe 20% versus last year. Corn, maybe 40%. So at this point in time, obviously, the dynamics in Brazil have been about farmer selling, farmer not liking the prices, not liking the currency at this point in time. So crush margin has been maybe breakeven as best as everybody fights for soybean origination. Especially difficult may be the Mato Grosso area with the pool of beans from the north ports and Santos as the industries try to satisfy export commitments. The crushing environment should improve in July forward as the export loses competition to the U.S. And some of the export capacity will shift probably to corn to try to deal with this maybe 93.5 million tonnes crop that Brazil is going to harvest. The oil balance sheet would probably tighten next year as the biodiesel blend goes to – to B9 is implemented. And so that's kind of what we see Brazil at the moment. There is a lot of the balance between how much China is going to be importing versus how much the seller – the farmer will be selling and to what extent they want to keep some carryover for next year or commercialize it before they get to the corn crops.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. I think it will be better than last year. So we expect biodiesels and others to pick up seasonally. And we expect crush margins to still be a little bit subdued because we need to fight with the DDGs produced from this record ethanol and also some of the still wheat feed that is in the market for Q2. We've seen already encouraging signs in Europe that demand is coming back to soybean meal. So we know that we are going through those inventories of wheat feed. So overall, we are positive into ending 2017 much better than 2016.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Eric, for the question. I think, listen, I think the world continues to be – to have a strong demand for grains. And I think that as long as we have good weather, we have good inventories. But the usage is very strong. And I think that we need to continue to plant and to create production because one of these days, we're going to have a surprise, and you will see how the pendulum will swing dramatically. But in terms of adjusting for this scenario of depressed prices and ample stocks, if that was to continue, you see what we're doing in Ag Services. Again, we are reducing our fixed cost in Ag Services to make sure that we get our returns. That's where you see our reduction in invested capital with the announcement that we did this morning in Crop Risk, whether we continue to keep in the commercialization, that relationship with the farmer. But we don't own those assets anymore. We take that invested capital out. So again, we continue to keep our share. We continue to expand outside the U.S. You heard about our investment in the Port of Santos. You heard about our investment in the port of Barcarena in the northern part of Brazil. We haven't been invested last year in the Port of Constanta in Eastern Europe. So we think that the production will continue to grow. And to the extent that we're going to have every now and then a dislocation while we have this strong demand, I think that the industry will be fine, and I think Ag Services will come back to the levels we used to see.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So destination marketing has been doing very well. Listen, we are having a dual approach. When we can, we go and acquire some vehicles out there to improve our share. Medsofts was part of that. We acquired half of that, and it's been growing very nicely and giving us very good profit growth. Volume is growing. I think it grew 10%, the volume that we have in destination marketing this quarter. So we're happy with that. And when we don't find a unit like Medsofts where we can increase our equity stake or ownership, we go and open offices. And we have opening offices in Central America. We have been opening offices in Southeast Asia. So it's a lot of work. It's a slow work at times. But we have been seeing the pickup in margins, and we have seen in the increase in share. So we are – continue to relentlessly implement on that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, thank you. You came very low there. So listen, there are many issues in the news, and you can obviously have confidence that our teams are deeply involved both in the U.S. and in Mexico on these. I think we are heading towards a discussion about NAFTA. NAFTA has been in place for 23 years. And whether you discuss with the U.S. administration or you discuss with the Mexico administration, there are issues on both sides that they would like to update and modernize NAFTA on. NAFTA has, from our perspective – obviously it's a very important customer, whether we export to Canada, whether we export to Mexico. And I think the administration understands that. And we have a very balanced sweeteners supply and demand, if you will, that needs open trade. And I think that on both sides, whether it's sugar coming this way or high-fructose corn syrup going their way, both industries are very healthy and it's in the best interest of both countries and both industries to continue to negotiate and have discussion. So again, we are at the table. We are helping with data and with our opinion on both sides. And I think that both sides will continue to make progress. And I can't disclose anymore at this point in time.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, let me give you some perspective, Rob, and thank you for the question. On the global trade desk, I wouldn't like to disclose my dollars per tonne of fixed cost because that's competitive information and we benchmark that. And I don't want the number out there. I will say, at this point in time, our reductions are in the tens of millions of dollars, if you will, in terms of the restructuring of that. In terms of destination marketing, when we put together the plan, as you may recall, we described that about 15% of our global trade were going into destination marketing, we're reaching the final customer, and we were planning to move that over five years to 30%. So to kind of to double that, the amount that we were sending there. That was going to increase margins from about, let's say, $2 to $4 per tonne, to maybe something like $8 to $10 per tonne. We saw last year the increase in our volume. What was the increase to volume last year? I don't have it top of mind.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, thank you, Ann. Yeah, I was flying yesterday across the area here and you realize how much standing water is there. So, very saturated fields out there. So, I guess, from a corn perspective, we see, we have planted about 34% so far, which is about on top of the average of the last five years. And I'm not sure how much progress we'll be able to make this week until the weather improves. But I think, the farmer in the U.S. have proven that with new machinery they can plant pretty much a lot of crop in a week. In terms of wheat, I think that we received probably some damage over the weekend. And I don't know how to quantify it other than there is the Annual Wheat Tour underway this week. And I think that there people will be assessing damage. Obviously, wheat is a very sturdy crop for drought and dryness, but I'm not sure about the wind and the flooding that – or the rain that we had over the last weekend. In terms of corn planted and soybean planted, as I told you before, about 34% in terms of corn, maybe 10% in terms of soybeans. And I think it's too early to determine any change in acres. So at this point in time, we're sticking with the same numbers and – before until we get new information from the field if there is some new information from the field.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think, Heather, thanks for the question. Yeah, what we have seen in both places in South America is this equation. I think that when farmers see a rally or when farmers see a change in the currency that's what we see in the sale. Other than that they are holding to the products. Of course, with these big crops, at one point in time they would have to think about how full they're in – their storage bins are. And as we get further into the harvest, it might prompt more farmer-selling. But at this point in time, we get to one of the weakest farmer-selling rates that we have seen in maybe six years, seven years. So, they are just – sales are picking up at rallies or change in forex.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, Michael. Well, Brazil has been a strong market at times and a strong exporter to the U.S. at times. So, we've seen everything in Brazil. I would say, from a long-term perspective, we continue to see markets that really need ethanol for environmental reasons, whether there are some of the Asian countries. And we still see ethanol more than maybe $0.45 per gallon cheaper than MTBE and other alkylates. So, I would say, I think that as long as the U.S. is perceived as being a reliable supplier, we will continue to incorporate new markets. And whether – we haven't touched much of Japan yet, we haven't touched much of Mexico yet. So, I think we still have a long way to grow, and we are seeing growth in our existing countries, whether it's Canada and India, as I said before. And Brazil has been a nice counterbalance for China this year. So, it's dynamic, and every year changes a little bit. But the reality is, this is the cheapest oxygenate in the world, and it will continue to find a place. And we've seen that as the U.S. grows a little bit domestic demand, and we've seen that this 1.1 billion to 1.3 billion-gallon type of ratio that we have today is creating good margins. And we think, as I said in my previous question, that Q2 and Q3 will be very strong. And we do believe that maybe a situation like this with the same seasonality may repeat itself in 2018.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Hey, Ken. So think about it, I think that when – over the last couple of years, the industry has been maybe from a demand perspective, losing 1% per year or sometimes flat. It has been like that. And about 5% of capacity has been taken out of the industry that has tightened up. The U.S. sends about 11% of the total volume to Mexico. But it's also true that the U.S. gets about 1 million ton of sugar, which is about 18% of the sugar Mexican market. So, at this point in time, it's kind of a very balanced there. And I was mentioning the 1% decline in demand because five years ago, we decided that just in case demand decline will accelerate, we will start an aggressive program of what we call Fight for the Grind, so finding new uses for the grind. And we have seen growth in our portfolio of other products different than just high-fructose corn syrup, that has helped also to tighten the market even further because it has given us options, whether it's product for cardboard or other industries that are different than just sweeteners. So, I think we feel that we have optionality if some of these will be impacted. We don't believe that the both countries are going into a trade war, if you will. We think that there's going to be a negotiation. And we think, as I said that flow over the board, there is pretty balance. Again, with 2 billion pounds of high-fructose corn syrup going south and 1.1 million tons of sugar coming north. So, it could impact us. We have optionality. We don't think it's very likely. That will be my summary, Ken.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, Vince. There are two dynamics here. One is, maybe the creation of a little bit of a premium market for non-GMO product, maybe like it happening everywhere, and that provides an opportunity, both for ourselves and maybe for some of our partners in the area. On the other hand, there is a big emphasis in the government to try to educate the people about GMO not being an issue. If you are in China and you need to feed the population, you understand that with 6% of the water on 8% of the arable land and 22% of the population, you need all the productivity you can get. And that's one of the reasons that the government is trying to educate the population on the benefits of GMO. So, I think that at this point in time, it's a little bit of a niche market. We will try and take advantage on that. I think that over time, GMO will be pervasive in Asia and in China as they need it to feed the population.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, thank you for the question, Vincent. I think the biggest factor in this is to get a sponsoring customer or on a sponsoring application. I think the technology works. I think the economics could be made to work at this levels of both oil and corn prices. I think that ADM is always in the conversation because of our enormous fermentation available capacity. So, we can bring things to the market faster than other people. So, we are engaged with people that are looking for those optionalities as they try to attach their brands to more renewal of products. This is something that, as I said from a technology perspective, it's not an issue. You got to get the timing right. You don't want to be too early into that, and we have seen what happened with that. So we've been prudent into that. And we try to align ourselves, as I said, with large accounts. And you heard our relationship with DuPont in that space. And we have others in the fire that if those accounts feel that there is a time to launch renewal products into the market, we could do so with our fermentation capacity, absolutely. And it's a little bit of what I described before our efforts into Fight for the Grind. There are things that are more immediate that we're doing right now. There are things like plastics or biomass replacing petroleum plastics that are maybe more hypothetical or in the future, but they are still being looked.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, there are capital mostly in terms of pilot plants and I think adjusted some things. But we have some units that, as we have from the times of the PHA, original things that are available if we wanted to bring them into production. And I don't think they will take a massive amount of capital.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you. Thank you, Scott. Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any further questions. And have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Ray G. Young: Farha, if you recall last year, 2016, two major factors dragged down Oilseeds results. One, the Wilmar equity earnings; and two, the lack of volumes in South America in terms of origination. Now, those two factors, as we look into 2017, should not be negative factors. And you've seen the strength in terms of the Wilmar equity earnings that translate into our results in the first quarter. And then with the large crop in Brazil, particularly what's expected to be a significantly improved corn crop, origination volumes in South America should be significantly higher, which will contribute towards an overall positive delta in 2017 versus 2016. So again, we expect 2017 to be a lot better than 2016. Again, we don't expect it to approach the 2015 levels. But nevertheless, 2017 for Oilseeds will be a far better year than 2016.
Ray G. Young: I think 1 million tonnes. Yeah, and we are seeing this year an extra 10%, that's as of first quarter growing. So that's kind of the pace, if you will. To the extent that it's adding cost, it's adding cost that is included in this $8 to $10 per tonne. So we shouldn't double-count that extra cost, I will say. So I think you should think about adding earnings from the destination marketing volume that is growing and hopefully picking up something like $6 per tonne versus our original FOB trade. And then you have another source of earnings, which is a slight reduction of structural cost in the global trade desk as we improve our footprint there, as we optimize our footprint there. So those will be basically the two numbers you keep in your head.
Ray G. Young: Adam, we've reviewed basically the underlying cost of capital model over the past several quarters. And so, we took a hard look at long-term interest rates, equity risk premiums, betas in our model. If you recall, when we established the 8% long-term WACC, that was done back in 2012, 2013, and looking back historically over 20 years. And so, some of those assumptions, frankly, were outdated as we kind of look through these assumptions, we did some benchmarking. And so, once we kind of update our model for, like long-term interest rates, recent long-term interest rates, recent equity risk premiums, we determined that it made sense to update the long-term WACC to 7% from 8%. And a big driver of that was really equity risk premiums, which have come down over time. In terms of what it means, our long-term objective still remains 200 basis points over long-term WACC. So, that – the spread has not changed in terms of how we're targeting the organization for results. In terms of your comment on Ag Services, I mean, naturally, when we set projects and when we look at projects that we're evaluating across all the businesses; there's clearly a spread above even the 200 basis points over the long-term WACC. So, our hurdle rates remain significantly higher in the double-digit areas. And we, frankly – we are not going to really adjust those hurdle rates because, we still believe it makes sense to really drive all the businesses to achieve strong earnings and strong returns. But at least from our perspective, as we kind of think about longer term, what makes sense for our company over a cycle, we do believe like 7%-plus the 200 basis points spread gets you to 9% that over a cycle, we should be achieving about a 9% type of return for this company.
Ray G. Young: No, we haven't changed our assessment in terms of long-term earnings for the company. And so from our perspective, we still believe that it is important for us to kind of drive this 200 basis point spread over our long-term cost of capital.
Ray G. Young: Yeah, a significant part of the increase in terms of unallocated corporate on the management line is related to our investments in IT, the business transformation and R&D and innovation. We've indicated that these are – we view those as related investments. Although again from a GAAP perspective, we classify that as expense. But it's a fairly significant investment. I mean, as you are going to appreciate, one of our priorities is to improve our business processes. And so, we launched this program a couple years ago. And frankly, the run rate of spending as we head into 2017 is actually a fairly significant run rate right now in terms of investments. And so, I think, Rob, that this is actually a very, very important part in terms of our commitment, our investments, in terms of making this company better, particularly in the area of processes. In the area of innovation, frankly, for a company our size, we were under spending in terms of R&D and innovation. And I think what we're doing right now is actually devoting the more of our spending in that area. So WILD Flavors acquisition was actually very, very important because from that acquisition, we actually acquired a lot of innovation centers around the world. And that type of expense actually goes into this line called unallocated corporate as well. When you actually take a look at what I call core central staff costs, and when I say core, I mean this is excluding IT, excluding business transformation, excluding R&D. Our core central staff costs actually are still running at what we call the 2012 levels. I mean, if you recall back in 2012, we went through a restructuring of our central staffs. And so we've actually set our budgets and our cost plans based upon ensuring that our, what I call core central staffs, do not exceed the 2012 levels. And, so, I think it's important to kind of understand that in what I call like true corporate central staff cost, like the functions themselves, like accounting and HR, et cetera, et cetera, we've actually kept a lid on all those costs, where as we have we actually spent more money in terms what I call investments, particularly in business transformation, R&D and innovation. That's where we've seen the increase in. And we think that this is important for this company to make these types of investments at this point in time in order to allow us to be a better company in the future.
