Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.75. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $827 million. We capitalized on an improved environment, delivering stronger fourth quarter performance after working through difficult market conditions earlier in the year. Ag Services saw strong results in North America and weak results from the global trade desk. The Corn business delivered a good quarter led by sweeteners and starches, and saw solid results from bioproducts. Oilseeds results were comparable to last year, despite lower global crush margins. In WFSI, WILD Flavors continued to deliver earnings growth, while some of our specialty ingredients businesses faced challenges, which we are addressing. We have continued to take important steps to advance our strategic plan by completing additional acquisitions, organic growth projects and portfolio management actions; exceeding our 2016 target for run-rate cost savings; and progressing in our efforts to reduce capital intensity. In line with our balanced capital allocation framework, we returned $1.7 billion to shareholders in dividends and share buybacks during the year. With expected improvements across all of our businesses throughout the year and additional contributions from recent projects and new facilities as they ramp up, we are optimistic about improving results throughout 2017. With these expectations in mind, the board has approved an increase to our quarterly dividend rate of approximately 7% to $0.32 per share. I provide more detail on our results later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thank you, Eric. So, obviously, there is a lot of speculation here, and it's rather premature. I mean, when you look at the cabinet and the appointees working through their confirmation process, little has happened and mostly speculation until we can engage at the technical level with the different offices. Going through your specifics about high fructose corn syrup, let me say that we're very optimistic still about our outlook for sweeteners and starches in 2017. We are very pleased with our strategy. Our strategy, Eric, if you remember about geographic expansion that we've been into Eastern Europe, North Africa and China, they fight for the grind and the operational excellence gives us plenty of optionality and we feel very good about that. So, I've spent time in Washington, I've spent time in Mexico, I can tell you, obviously, NAFTA has served the agricultural industry well for the last 20 years. But I was – I will argue that both teams will recognize that after 20 years, there is room for improving NAFTA and there are some considerations that could be taken. So, from there to closing the borders and maybe you referred, we think that that's a big leap. But in our scenarios, as you described, if we were to have a lot of disruptions at the border, the way we tend to think about again based on our optionality are three ways, if you will. The first one is there are 2 billion pounds of high fructose corn syrup going south into Mexico, but there are also 3 billion pounds of sugar coming north into the U.S. So you will argue that this – that very permeable border was to stop, we will have an opportunity to reposition some of the high fructose corn syrup not going into Mexico, to replace some of the sugar not coming into the United States. The second thing that we have is our ability to shift some of the production in our wet mills through the fight for the grind that we started four or five years ago. You noticed that the sweeteners business this year had grew volume, revenue and profits versus last year and is part of that because of the operational improvements but also because of the fight for the grind. So we feel good about our ability to shift and redeploy some of that. The third one is we always have the ability to rebalance our supply and demand. So I would say we don't think that an imminent trade war is there. We think that we're going to talk with our partners in Mexico and we're probably going to modernize NAFTA. But even if the worst came to happen, we think that we still have a very positive 2017 ahead of us and we have many levers from our strategy that provide optionality for us, so continue to be positive about 2017 in high fructose corn syrup.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Okay, David, let me take the several parts of your question. So we feel good in general about 2017 for ethanol. We're expecting total demand in the mid-15 billion-gallon range, with continued strong domestic demand. Probably we're thinking gasoline up 1% – 1.5% for the year. So that's about 144 billion to 145 billion gallons give or take. Our forecast for exports into 2017 is in the range of 1 billion to 1.2 billion-gallon level, so 1 billion to 1.2 billion gallons. Ethanol continues to be competitive and continues to be open in market. And certainly, we don't see any imports from Brazil this year. So if you want to build a scenario, it's about 14.5 billion gallons domestic demand, 1 billion to 1.2 billion in exports. But today, with the current prices of ethanol, ethanol is about $0.15 per gallon cheaper than MTBE or other oxygenates. So we see no competition that we can think of from Brazil from the sugarcane ethanol, and we're starting the year with a strong export program. So I will say exports going to Canada, Brazil, India, UAE, even if you consider China questionable about exports, which you'll probably ask a follow-up question, we think that that could impact about 100 million gallons, and we still don't see that changing the forecast. When we look at the first quarter, it certainly looks like the first quarter better than the first quarter last year. When we look at the whole year maybe, it's maybe a little bit less visibility, and we wanted to reflect that overall we've seen improvement in margins over the previous year, but a lot of things happen. If you look at 2016, it was a tale of two halves. The first half was significantly different to the second half. We expect some of that to happen as well, but this is a very volatile environment. So we are positive about ethanol in 2017 for the reasons I've described. I think that supply/demand will be tightened.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: As I said before, we feel very strong about our 2017 sweeteners and starches. We had a strong 2016. And when we look at the pricing scenario, I believe that happened to us where we can report after the negotiations is that we've been single-digit up versus 2016. So our forecast for 2017 is for improved margins and improved overall operating profit in the whole sweeteners and starches business, so we're still positive about it. And we haven't seen any evidence in our own business of any decline in prices as you describe.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: I think, Rob, if I can add, I think something that will surprise people is, volume has been strong for us. If we look at what happened to us in Q4, volume is up 4% versus last year. And overall in 2016, our volumes are up 6%. So this is a tight industry and our volumes continue to grow. So you see that into pricing. So we really are very positive about it. The whole sweeteners and starches business is strong with many, many products, including the sweeteners.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. If I have to handicap, obviously, I gave it to you by segment. If I need to put everything together in my head, certainly 2017 will be better than 2016, not a big achievement. Certainly, we think it's going to be better than 2015. We may not get to the levels in 2014.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: You're welcome. Good morning, Ann. Listen, as I mentioned, there is a lot of speculation, early days, but we see some undeniable positives potentially for ADM in the new administration, which in partnership with a Republican Congress, if they carry through with their plans for tax reform, for investment in infrastructure, sensible regulation. So if they do what they say, or at least what we hear in those areas, it will significantly benefit ADM and our shareholders, and probably the economy as a whole in that sense. On the other hand, we've been watching carefully, as everybody, at the administration statements, whether they are on trade. But we're optimistic that in the end that President Trump and his senior advisors, whenever they are confirmed, will recognize that trading agricultural commodities has tremendous benefits for framers and other businesses in the heartland states. And so when we're looking at employment and all that, we're a big part of that. So, in balance, we're cautiously optimistic given the priorities that the government has delineated in their early days.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Sure. Thank you, Farha. Farha, we haven't deviated from our original framework that we defined to our investors maybe a couple of years ago, with a $1.00 to $1.50 and the four pillars. Let me walk through some of those four pillars. One was operational excellence and you heard us every year put a target out there. Last year we put a target of $275 million run rate and we delivered north of $300 million. So we've been beating those and we may continue to make our company more efficient, more productive in that sense. So that bucket, I will say, we continue to achieve that bucket. The second bucket is coming from WILD Flavors. WILD Flavors have been spectacular over the last two years. The things I look into WILD Flavors, the things in which I look to control if we're doing a good job is we need to grow faster than the industry. Last year, revenue growth was about 9%. So, I would say, if you look at the food and beverage industry, it's very difficult to find even a customer that grew at that level. So they've done very well. Then when we look at EBITDA margin on sales, they increased EBITDA margin from sales from one year to the other. And they basically grew profits by 20%, setting a second consecutive record. So my second bucket. So the first bucket, operational excellence, we've demonstrated expertise. Second bucket, WILD Flavors, we demonstrated two consecutive years of record double-digit OP performance and growing faster than the industry. So we feel good about that. The third bucket was about many of these projects that you hear us launching or coming to operations every quarter. Now we have two, one very large specialty proteins project in Brazil to provide globally to the growth in specialty proteins and vegetable proteins worldwide. We used to have only one source of product from United States that sometimes when the U.S. dollar was very strong, restricted our ability to be competitive in export markets. Now with another leg of our strategy in Brazil that will provide over time significant profitability. We have also expanded the corn business from being mostly a North American business to now having a big position in Europe with Eaststarch and that has been very, very robust and very, very good profits in 2016, and we are expanding both of those facilities, and we also created that plant in Tianjin in China. And we have in that bucket more than 10 projects. I'm just highlighting some of them. So we feel good about these projects. Listen, some of the projects may be a little bit more in the tail end of our forecasted period just because you need to ramp up. Normally the first year in a project you are driving for capacity utilization, so what we call selling out the plant. So Tianjin, for example, last year it ran at about 50% as we qualified all the customers. This year it's going to run more about 75% or north of that. And as we finished with the sell-out, if you will, in 2018 we're going to evolve more into the sell-up going into higher margins. So you have that ramp-up. But we feel good about the projects we finished. Overall, most of the project is under budget, slightly maybe delays because of some of the geographies were complicating geographies for us, but all of them under budget. So we feel good about the project, we feel good about that bucket in general. And the fourth bucket was basically buybacks and some growth opportunities. And we continue to redeploy funds to shareholders – to return funds to shareholders, something in the range of a $1 billion, something $1.5 billion. So we feel good about those four that will provide $1.00 to a $1.50. And we're looking at the base that we always talk about that base and that base shrank in the past and we have seen some recovery. And at this point, we probably think we're going to recover something around 70% to 80% of that base on the same basis. And there are other products, other initiatives that are going to bring further improvements or drive earnings into the business. So, I think, we have a very rich platform of initiative, of self-help. So when we look at 2017, we always face the year with a lot of uncertainties because it's volatile environment, we're a global company, and we're exposed to a lot of things, but our plan for 2017 is very rich in things that are our under control. So are we going to be able to, with these things, offset every potential scenario? Probably not, but we feel very comfortable that we have enough weapons there to predict that we're going to grow earnings over 2016 and probably over 2015 as well. Hope that helps.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: What I said, Farha, was that we still believe in the $1.00 to $1.50 adding to the base. What we saw in the base is that the base dropped...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: ...to that level that you described, and what I see is that in the medium-term that base will recover probably 70% of what we lost in that base. And then to that recovery over time, you need to add the $1.00 to $1.50 in a couple of years and that creates the picture of what we're looking in the future.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. I couldn't hear very well, but I think it's about farmer selling. If it's about farmer selling, I will try to answer that, you didn't sound very...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: So farmer selling, let me tell you what we're seeing. Certainly, if I look at Argentina, Brazil, in South America we're seeing farmer being reluctant sellers and they're betting on their currencies to drop. We had this past week actually decent selling in Argentina, but in general, I would say, they've been reluctant sellers. We probably see more selling as harvest picks up. In Brazil, I will say, if you were in Mato Grosso, the farmers that are further ahead in collecting their crops are more concentrating on harvesting the crop between rains. It's been raining a lot, so every time there is a good day, they do that more than just in commercializing the crop. But, as I said, I think the farmer selling will be tough with the harvest as it usually does. In North America, we estimate that the farmers have sold something in the range of 80% of their old crop, beans, and about half of that 40% of the old crop corn. So the farmer as he is holding to his corn probably thinking that it's a little bit cheap. Also sometimes they see that corn tends to spike a little bit in price traditionally maybe in April and May when people get concerned about the weather. I would say our sample in the U.S. farmer seems to be relatively okay. From a financing perspective, they have sold their beans and they'll be getting a check from the government and they're holding to their corn to be sold later on. That's probably what I'd characterize farmer selling at this point.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Ken. So listen, Q4 for Ag Services was – we saw good volumes, actually good loadings from the U.S. assets. Margins were okay, not great. I will say the biggest delta and that's why we highlighted on that was the global trade desk. And the global trade desk is suffering from – I mean, there is an environment of very ample stocks. So on the supply side, there are, as I said, ample stocks and margins have been squeezed. We didn't have a lot of dislocations to play with. And so when you have an environment of very low margin, you don't have enough profitability to offset some issues in execution and you need to tighten up what you're doing. So we've been looking at potential good weather for 2017 that create a build in stock. So we foresee that probably the lack of opportunities could continue into 2017, and we wanted to make sure that we are equipped to handle that better than what we did in 2016. So we've been refocusing the team. We've been touching about everything. When we look at our businesses and we analyze, and I've said this before, we look at industry structure, we look at our competitive position, and we look at our own execution based on the team. So we're trying to address all those things, so we have narrowed our focus, so we exited energy, for example, trading, late last year. We've been looking at our competitive position. So our cost, we've been consolidating offices, we've been looking at trading more around our assets. That's something that we can defend our profitability a little bit more. And certainly as we look at reducing our cost and reducing our people in general, we've taken decisions on people across the scale, and some of those were more higher-level people and others more general in terms of cost reduction. So we think that we have addressed the focus on trying to stay in the places where we can have the strongest competitive advantage. We think that the team is more focused, more competitive, and we have addressed the team itself. So we believe that heading into 2017, the team is more confident about their focus, their strength, their competitiveness, and we should obtain better results than 2016. We've done this before. If you look at 2015 numbers after we made some adjustments, we had a very good 2015. But then, as I said before, some of the margin squeeze that happened in 2016 put in evidence some of the issues we had in terms of execution. We also have to remember that part of the Ag Services business is looking at destination marketing, focusing on end-to-end businesses from the farmer to the end customer. We have nice growth of that activity in 2016, and we're expecting to extend our – we did Medsofts and we did many other opening of facilities or offices, and we're expecting to grow that volume in 2017 by another 10%. So overall, we feel good about all the things that Ag Services is doing to come back from a period of low profitability for a couple of years.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes, so we saw it in our export businesses. Obviously, we saw it early on in 2016 in Ag Services, and we also saw it in Specialty Ingredients. One of the businesses that grew a lot in exports over the previous years has been the Specialty Proteins business. Remember, I reflected on the fact that we have only one plant in the U.S., while we're bringing Campo Grande in Brazil, and that business was impacted by the strong dollar. So at this point in time, we have planned for a strong dollar to continue, if you will, in our assumptions going forward. So we don't expect a big reprieve from that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Okay, Adam, Juan here. How are you? So when we look at – if I have to – since we haven't spoken about oilseeds yet. If I talked about Q4, Q4 we saw North American probably a little bit better than our forecast, Europe in line and South America, a little bit worse. So, remember that South America for us includes the grain part, and obviously we suffered a little bit with lower volumes as we didn't have a big crop. When we look at Q1, in general, going back to Q4 and last year, our volumes were normal, were solid. Our margins dropped in Q4 and mostly because we were making room for all these alternative proteins, whether it's feed wheat or whether it's DDGs. So, we expect the feed wheat would probably be competitive until second quarter and we will be eliminating all those stocks, as the year go by. When we looked at Q1 and 2017, we continue to see good demand. We see U.S. utilization in the mid-80%s. We still see gross margins have weakened, maybe to $15 to $20 per ton. Softseed, right now, still not great, this is the slow time of the year, for biodiesel traditionally it is. In Brazil we see crush margins $10 to $20 per ton for domestic margins. Margin should pick up as the harvest picks up this time of the year. In Europe, mill consumption remained slow, if you will, and there is a lot of cheap feed wheat. So we shifted now to using more rapeseed in our crush, you know that we have that swing capacity. So, I will say, we've seen better margins in general in rape. Obviously, there is a smaller rape crop that may lead to overall lower crush in general, but the food demand has been okay. We've seen some increase in biodiesel mandate in Europe in 2017, whether it is in Germany or Spain. So that's kind of how I see globally and I don't know, Ray, if you want to talk a little bit about the biodiesel, that was in our P&L.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Lindsay. Well, thank you everybody for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow-up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yes, Heather, it's Ray here. Yes, indeed we are still talking with different parties regarding these ethanol assets. We are also looking at some different structures, frankly as we think about tax reform coming in the United States, it does actually open up some different considerations as well in terms of how to structure the transaction because we've been looking effectively at some tax restructures. And if there is tax reform and if the corporate tax rate does come down, it does open up the avenue for us to look at some other mechanisms in order to look towards monetizing these assets.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: And when we talk about approaching $1 billion, we see improvements in sweeteners and starches both in North America as well as international. We see improvements in the lysine business based on the operational improvements that we have, and we also do see improvements, on price some small improvements in terms of the ethanol, as we talked about earlier. So when you add it all together, that's the reason why we're fairly constructive about our outlook for the Corn segment in 2017.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: I think if you recall, the $1 billion to $1.5 billion range is both subject to strategic capital allocation. So in that respect, to the extent that we find that there are opportunities for us to redeploy capital for our shareholders that makes more sense in terms of a strategic transaction, then we will. We'll reduce the amount that we buy back, and we'll redeploy that amount towards acquisitions. Remember our capital allocation framework was roughly 30% of the cash flows would go towards CapEx and about 70% will go towards strategic M&A and/or buybacks. So therefore, we are going to follow that framework. With respect to Wilmar, you've seen us increase steadily our stake in Wilmar. We've been opportunistic about that. We've increased our stake and taking advantage of pullbacks in terms of share price. We haven't paid consistent with book value. So we've been very careful in terms of how we increase our stake in Wilmar, which we believe is a very important strategic partner and frankly a very important part of our Asia and emerging marketplace. So at the current level, which is about 23.9%, we feel fairly comfortable. Will we increase further in 2016 (sic) [2017]? It will be a function of whether we believe there's an opportunity for us to pick up the shares at an attractive price. So again, we'll just monitor the market, take a look at our cash flows, take a look at how we're deploying capital, and then make decisions as we move through the course of the year.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: You also have to remember that when you talk about strong dollar, you have to talk about what the currency pair is because a lot of people kind of focus on the dollar versus the euro, but when you actually look at versus the Brazilian reais...
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: ...or the Argentine peso, a year ago at this call, the reais was trading at BRL 4 to the dollar. Right now it's trading at BRL 3.1. So the reais has actually strengthened. When you take a look at versus the Russian ruble or Ukrainian hryvnia, again crop growing regions, those currencies actually strengthened versus the dollar. So we just have to be careful when we talk about the strength of the dollar. Yes, generally, there's a trend towards a strengthening dollar. But relative to a lot, the crop-growing regions of the world, over the past 12 months we've actually seen those currencies strengthen relative to the dollar. So I just want to make sure that there's a balanced perspective when we talk about the currency here.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: I think the biodiesel tax credit, I think we've indicated over the years, it's been roughly around $50 million, plus or minus. And so therefore that's a number that it's in our plan and we believe there is a good chance for the biodiesel tax credit getting renewed. But don't forget, I mean, it's very possible that the biodiesel tax credit may get wrapped up in the whole aspect of corporate tax reform as well. And from our perspective, we believe that any type of corporate tax reform would be positive for ADM, because as you know, in the agricultural sector, being a U.S. domicile company, we pay the highest tax rates in the industry. So bringing our statutory tax rates from 35% level to either at the 15% level that Mr. Trump has talked about or the 20% level that Republican Blue Print is talking about is very, very positive. And then, they've also talked about the border adjustment tax, which for exporters, agricultural exporters like ADM, that would be a positive too for us. So there is a lot of dynamics when you think about implications of tax reforms, the biodiesel tax credit. We're all monitoring this very, very carefully, but in general, we feel very positive about the direction that the administration is heading towards looking at improvements to our corporate taxes.
