Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Slide 11, please. After a strong start of the year, we are looking ahead. In the near-term future, we expect lower crop supplies caused by the weak Canadian canola crop, the short South American crops, and now the Black Sea disruptions to drive continued tightness in global grain markets through 2022 well into 2023 and perhaps beyond. As we look further ahead, markets will continue to reflect the importance of the enduring global trends that are fueling performance across our portfolio, including a growing global population, driving expansion in demand for food and healthy nutrition. That is why the work we’ve done to build a better ADM is so important. We have the global integrated network, risk management capabilities and diverse product portfolio to help us navigate through tight market conditions and meet global nutritional needs. This is the challenge we expanded, improved and repositioned our business to meet. And we’ll continue to advance our strategy and grow our capabilities through our productivity and innovation initiatives in order to drive performance under our control and deliver on the evolving needs of our customers, but it doesn't stop with ADM. Our working with other participants across the food and agriculture value chain, from farmers who continue to do more every year to sustainably increase production, to technology providers who offer new ways to make more with less, to governments who in a tight supply and demand environment, should resist the impulse to impose export restrictions. So looking at the balance of the year, when we combine the strategic work we have done to align our portfolio with fundamental global trends with our strong execution and the expectation of a continued tight supply-demand environment, we expect 2022 results to substantially exceed 2021's. And as we look further ahead to a future of increasing needs for more and better foods, we will continue to work to add new adjacent products to address the world's toughest challenges and unlock the power of nature to enrich the quality of life. Once again, I'd like to thank our colleagues around the globe for their commitment and hard work to serve vital global needs in a challenging and dynamic environment. With that, Emily, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you Ben and good morning. Of course, we've been dealing with supply chain issues for a while, and I think that the situation in China has nothing more than just bring back more challenges, if you will. We see the number of ships in congestion, if you will, from Capesize, Panamax, Supramax and Handysize have increased over the last week, increases about 10% give or take depending on the category. So I think that's especially complicated as you see that because of the different conflicts and different shortages in crops that we have, some of these trading flows around the world that are being redirected. So you redirect trading flows with maybe less ship availability and higher freight and longer travel times. So the situation continues to be dire. And that's why it's so important to have a team, a global team, very active with many options to provide supply and then to reach different destinations. So the combination, if you will, of our global trade with the destination marketing and all that becomes more and more important every day for customers around the world.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say our first quarter was – showed strength across the three businesses, very good performance. And as we look at Q2, probably we see the same. There was some reduction in exports in Ag Services in the first quarter because of weather issues and some of that has been moved into the second quarter, so we have a good book there. China has put some orders also for corn Q2 and Q3. We expect the crush profits to continue to be very strong in the second quarter, certainly, refining margins also very good. So I would say demand has been domestically strong for soybean meal in North America and certainly a lot of demand around the world for that. So, we continue to see crush very well supported by the oil and the meal. We continue to see demand for our exports in the second quarter. So had the window of exports of North America, we will have expanded a little bit. And certainly, the refining materials are – they've maintained very strong margins. If you look at last year, we entered into Q1 with low margins and we ended with strong margins. This year has been strong margins across the quarter and we expect that to continue into the second quarter.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ken. Good question. Listen, when we put the plan in front of shareholders in December, we're just mostly to explain how our company and our business model and portfolio continues to evolve, aligning ourselves with markets of higher growth rates and actually higher margins. And so, what we can control, as you can imagine, is a portfolio, capital allocation and our execution, so we focus on that. So directionally, we're going into that, and we just put a milestone there to have a reference for investors. Of course, at this point in time, we're going to hit those numbers earlier. It is obvious. But I think we don't worry that much of the pace. It's more important for us the direction we're going is higher margins, higher growth rates. The pace sometimes is dictated for outside events in which our team and their execution are supposed to capitalize as much as possible into them. So do you ask me, it's going to be $6 to $7 in 2025, certainly, is going to happen sooner than that. But again, I think it's important to keep the team continue to build that better company with Vikram's explain how we have generated $1.6 billion of cash flow in this, that gives us much more optionality on how much to accelerate that shift of the company into higher margin and higher growth rates. And to be honest, after we have created nutrition and nutrition – we continue to upgrade targets, even if they make $700 million last year. We are now focusing on building the next scale business. We're looking at microbial solutions and how that will drive the next generation of food and proteins. We are looking at climate solutions or biosolutions, which will drive the next generation of sustainable products and also microbiome modulators, which with the pre, pro and post biotics will drive personalized health and nutrition. And let me remind you and the shareholders, contributions for all these three elements that we're thinking on building was basically muted during the forecast that we showed in the December Global Investor Day. So we feel pretty good about the existing business is delivering $6 to $7 maybe earlier than expected, but we have in the capabilities to build the next scale business for ADM.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ken. Good questions as always. Listen, first of all, let me say on that, I'm very proud that our team, and remember, when we announced speeded with, we said we've been looking at that for two years. So we took into considerations, all of these aspects. And so our product remains to be remains on schedule to deliver on the harvest 2023. So most important, what we can control that project is going well and we managing through inflations and delays. So proud of the team there. Listen, at the end of the day, we still expect the significant new capacity will come online. Of course, when there are so many announcements in any industry, you're going to have the percentage of that being coming on a stream. I think that there may be somebody ability on the timing of all that, it doesn't escape anybody that there are labor availability issues, especially in the U.S., certainly raw materials, whether it is a steel or energy or whatever are more expensive than whenever some of these things were announced. And maybe the builders of these hedge, the raw materials exposure to both things in anticipation but I will say, if there is some delay, it may not be bad to allow crush expansions to actually come on a stream. So they can provide the soybean oil for all these plants to run and we also wait for canola to have a path to that. So I think, listen, the industry will develop, it may have some short-term issues here or there, but at the end of the day, a significant piece of new demand for soybean oil is being built and will be built.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, it's a very good question. And we look at that, of course, with a lot of attention. I think right now, when we see the capacity coming, it's all capacity needed actually to supply the growth of protein around the world. We see North America with very strong domestic demand for meal, but we see also in North America soybean meal being the most competitive around the world. Especially now, when you have issues in Argentina with some changes in the deal when you have short crops in South America, like we have had and we continue to have a strong demand. We see also that customers are relatively open, so there's not a lot of inventory in the chain that are one point needs to be flushed out. And when you look at, what's happening with feed and competitive feeds, certainly wheat given the conflict in Ukraine, the unfortunate conflict in Ukraine. Wheat prices needs to go up high enough that they get out of the feeding Russians, so they can be preserved to feeding people. When you take that up, you bring corn, the most effective carbohydrate and corn immediately brings soybean meal into the Russian. So we're not only see strong demand, but we see high inclusion rates staying. And again, given the strong leg of soybean oil in North America that will make soybean meal the most competitive in the world. So we actually are very positive about that demand and we think that we need all the expansion to match the market share that soybean meal North America will take from the rest of the world.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Oils have been tied for several months already, if not the year and of course, any announcement in the proximity also of the largest producer of palm oil in the world rattles the markets. Of course, it was immediately clarified that this doesn't include crude palm oil, which is the biggest product. So I would say, I think Indonesia is just trying to take a short-term palliative for their domestic inflation. I don't think it will significantly alter the global balances. Although, the global balance is continue to be very tight and any disruption, we have the Ukrainian disruption of course with and the Russian with sunflower oil so this is an area that everybody has to pay a lot of attention and it will require companies like ADM to having the ability to reformulate, so we can take some customers that our existing customers or either palm oil or sunflower oil to have alternatives to continue to supply their customers. So we are seeing that through our Olenex joint venture, we're seeing that through our Stratas joint venture. So as we’ve seen the opportunity to add a lot of value to some of the customers that are looking for replacements at this point in time.
Juan Luciano: Sure. Yes, Rob. As I said, I think that we have very strong visibility of course into Q2. I would say further than that, I think customers – the markets are inverted. So customers see prices relatively high right now, those customers that are not covered, they feel like maybe the course is showing them that they can get covered later at the cheaper rate than today. So I would say, in general, we have coverage for the next quarter, not for Q3 or Q4. But when we look at the demand that we are seeing around the world, we think that when you think about meal and oil, in general, not only North America, but also Brazil. The crush margins need to be there to encourage the crushers to crush. We need the demand for oil and we need the soybean meal. So you will have to have the demand, the crush margins to incentivate people to crush. And we are seeing that with the margins that are happening in Brazil or the U.S. or Europe, all our margins today are higher than what we anticipated. And we think that that's the year rollout and demand continues to be solid out there and strong, crush margins will continue to send that signal to all of our crushers, which is we need the meal, we need the oil keep crushing.
Juan Luciano: Rob, we have – as part of our global trade group, we have a strong ocean freight group and they work hand in glove to make sure that we continue to serve the customers with the most effective destinations, the most efficient destinations. So we are a big player. And as a big player with a lot of resources, we tend to have a relative advantage to others. So when things get complicated and right now, they are very complicated. We tend to have a relative higher competitive advantage than others. So I think that shows in the margins that we obtained in this. And logistics right now are complicated. They are complicated in the river. They are complicated in the oceans and there is a lot of redrawing of trade flows and you can only redraw a lot of trade flows, if you have a lot of origin options and a lot of destination options, because you need to connect both. And our ocean freight group counts with that blessing, which is ADM originating all the key parts of the world. I have destination units in all key parts of the world. So it provides them with more ability to play supply routes than maybe other players.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, we are paying, of course, close attention to that. At this point in time, we haven't seen any significant impact on demand for us. If you think about so far customers are paying higher prices, but they still, especially in North America, they still haven't changed their behaviors. We think that, of course, if you have disposable income suffering from higher gas prices and higher food prices eventually, they will have to adjust. We have seen more to be honest, Vincent, in the – some of the emerging markets in which may be food is a bigger percentage of their disposable income. So we have seen some adjustments, a small adjustment in that. But I would say, at this point in time, we have not seen any relevant or material adjustment to our demand. And we think that given the pent-up demand that existed from recovery of the coming out of COVID, people, in general, have been – having higher saving rates. And we have seen wage inflation around the world that have gotten more money in the pockets of many. So at this point in time, we think consumer has been and demand has been very resilient. But there’s going to be a point in which disposable income will get tight and we will see some changes into that. We haven’t seen it yet. We don’t see it in the immediate future either.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen Michael, we haven’t seen at this point in time any significant impact to our poultry demand in North America. The numbers at this point in time seems to be about half the size of the issue that was in 2015. So it’s something we are following very closely. Of course, but we cannot say that we have an impact so far. And hopefully this virus are difficult to control. So of course, there is a lot of sanitary elements being thrown at that, hopefully, that will placate. But we will have to keep a close eye to them.
Juan Luciano: Yes. On fertilizers, to be honest, Michael, of course, fertilizer supply chains are tight and it’s been highly publicized. However, our evidence shows that trade lanes are adopting and markets are getting sufficient supplies of fertilizer. Of course, we had much higher prices that will drive prices for grain. I think today, especially Brazil – the U.S. certainly have the fertilizer for this crop. So the question is the Brazilian crop, which is coming in a few months. And I think it is still possible what we get from our people in Brazil to get enough potassium fertilizer in country by the planting season. And of course, any shortages can produce production losses. But at this point in time, when people are thinking between maybe 15% or 20% less application at that level, we don’t think that we’re going to see a significant change in the production forecast. It is probably more depending on the weather at this point in time and rain than fertilizer application. And the second was on food versus fuel. At this point in time, I think that we are committed to try to help the world with food and the environment. So they’re both axis of the same equation. I would say, they both touch disposable income that I was saying before, if you get ethanol to reduce the cost of gasoline that creates more disposable income to take on food inflation. If you take – if you don’t put any biofuels into gasoline and you pay more for gasoline, then you may get cheaper food, but you have less disposable income there. So, to be honest, I think the molecules react to the prices that they are given in the market given the different regulations and the different values. Well, we try to be as efficient as possible bring in as much of those – as many of those molecules to the market as possible to satisfy everybody. So I think at this point in time, we have seen some corrections in certain biofuels mandates across the world. But in other countries, it has been only a reduction and not an elimination. So this – I think they are short-term things, because we still have the climate crisis, which is a long-term objective that mostly the transportation industry, but also every industry will have to address biofuels, sustainable aviation fuels and all that are a big part of that reduction.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Eric. Let me see – let me tell you how I see this. So last year was a big production year and the world needed to consume more grain than that big production. So the issue is, the world continues to grow and sometimes it’s not a matter of population growth, but it’s a matter of income. And how people like – people in China has been an incredible economic improvement of their standards on living that improve their diet, that doesn’t go down. So we think that’s where we keep on talking about our trend of food security. We will have to provide more for the world. In situations like today, where we are already tight from a supply demand perspective and we will get tighter as demand continues to grow. We see here in ADM that at least we need two very good seasons of crops in North America and South America to actually balance and become more comfortable in those supply-demand balances. When we think about prices today, prices today are going up to mark three things that needs to happen. One is export prices need to go up to being able to draw out all the inventories that are stuck there or they are safe, they are hoarded there to be able to replace the production that we have lost. The production we have lost in South America, but the production we are losing now in the Ukraine and Russia. So first, you need to draw out those inventories and bring them into market. So we can balance ourselves. The second, as I said before, wheat needs to be placed out of the Russians. So you can be preserved for human consumption. And the third one is to give farmers like you, the signal that they need to plant more and I think the world need more acres. Those acres today, they are not going to happen from the Baltic area, they are not going to happen from U.S. that we are basically maxed out. So they may happen in South America. So we need higher prices to bring South American acres, we need higher prices to draw those inventories into the market. And we need two good years of crops, both in North America and South America. That will allow us to balance the supply demand, given the strong demand.
Juan Luciano: Eric, I’m not an economist. But I think there is a narrow path to achieve a soft landing here. And the U.S. economy has been very resilient through all this events. So I think the U.S. economy is driven by the consumer. The consumer has been saving money for two years that they didn’t spend a lot. And as I said before, they were COVID recovery packages. But there is also been salary inflations and wages inflation that has put money in the pockets of customers. So I think that for the foreseeable future, we don’t see a significant impact of demand. If not, we will be flagging that out, but we look at that, we look at our plans, we are preparing our plans for a long period of the strong demand. We want to run them at high capacity. So at this point in time, I don’t see an issue in the west maybe the only flag is how COVID lockdowns evolve in China. But that I don’t have a lot of visibility at this point in time.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Emily. Before we close our call, I wanted to take a minute to thank Ray for his exceptional contribution all this year to ADM’s as our CFO. So thank you, Ray. And it’s been a pleasure and I’m delighted that you continue with us to continue to help take ADM’s a bigger player.
Juan Luciano: Thank you and congratulations, Ray. And, of course, welcome Vikram and this was your baptism of fire here in the earnings call. So thank you very much and welcome to the role and looking forward to it.
Vikram Luthar: Yes, Adam, thanks for the question. Yes, in terms of energy costs, clearly, we are not immune to that and we've seen an elevation in energy costs. As you well know, we have a program to actively hedge our program. So I think to a large degree, we've been successful in doing that. Nevertheless, in places like Europe, where energy costs have been significantly elevated, yes, that's had an impact on net margins. But as you look at the broader dynamics, we continue to see very strong outlook in terms of vegetable demand as well as protein demand. And as you see, most of the grain flows, given what's happening around the world particularly in the Black Sea region and the short South American crop moving to North America that should actually support us in terms of our footprint. So the structural changes associated with RGD remain very much in intact. So we think longer term, we feel very confident about the move higher that we cited in the Global Investor Day in terms of crush margins. And for 2022, in particular, we see even farther – even more strength, given some of the near-term dynamics I just referenced.
Vikram Luthar: Yes, Adam, we clearly view our balance sheet as a competitive advantage. And in terms of capital allocation, we've talked about this before. Our capital allocation is inextricably linked to our strategy. In terms of the guidelines, in terms of the framework, we've articulated about 30% to 40% of our cash flow as we'll direct towards capital expenditures and the remaining 60% to 70% for strategic growth investments. And given our balance sheet flexibility, we are clearly in a position to undertake some of those growth investments, including M&A, if that becomes attractive, but also shareholder distributions, including 30% to 40% towards dividends. As we cited in Global Investor Day, we expect dividend payouts to be actually at the higher end of that 30% to 40% range in the near to medium term. But at the end of the day, if you step back, think about the operating cash flow we generated, $1.6 billion in Q1. So we should be in a position to conduct meaningful buybacks as well in the medium term, as we noted in the Global Investor Day. In the near term, we will repurchase shares to at least offset dilution.
Vikram Luthar: Well, so as we talked about – I referenced in my comments, Ben, the revenue growth, right, was 23%. And if you exclude M&A and adjusted for FX, it was 17%, so strong revenue growth frankly across Human Nutrition and Animal Nutrition. The reason our profits were stronger than what we had guided in Q4 were threefold. One is, we did expect some upfront costs that we cited and we had anticipated inflationary cost pressures and supply disruptions. However, with the smart pricing and active supply chain collaboration with our AS&O carb solutions teams, we manage these very well across all the nutrition businesses. The other aspect as we talked about industry-leading win rates in our Global Investor Day, actually our win rates are even expanding beyond that. And the second point is, as you referenced, the OP contribution from our M&A were actually higher than expected. The third point is amino acids. Because of the deliberate switch we mad e from dry to liquid lysine last year, combined with the strong North American protein demand and the supply chain disruptions, our contribution from amino acids business was actually higher. So really, it's a reflection of those three factors that resulted in higher than expected nutrition profit for Q1.
