Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ismael. Please turn to Slide 15. As you can see, our team is continuing to improve execution excellence across our strategic and operational priorities, which requires a level of agility that is a hallmark of ADM's workforce. We're focusing the organization on a combination of productivity and innovation to help offset increasingly challenging market conditions based on growing commodity supply. Our teams are looking for every opportunity to manage what we can control, remaining nimble to adjust quickly to external circumstances while advancing our strategy. When we look ahead to the rest of the year, our business priorities in 2024 put us in a position to manage through this cycle. Through the differentiation and evolution of our business models in ag services and oil seeds and carb solutions, our drive for excellence program, the recovery of our nutrition business, and continued focus on shareholder returns, we have confidence in our outlook for the full year. Thanks for your time today. We look forward to taking your questions. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. So what we're seeing in South America at the moment, Brazil has had a little bit of a better selling last couple of weeks from the farmer perspective, given that with the harvest and also some of the devaluation of the real. So we've seen the crush margins there for Q2 improving a little bit around our portfolio of products. In Argentina, a little bit more difficult to read, Argentina with the economic plans and the uncertainty about how the government navigates through the difficult times. There are also a lot of, even when the farmer may agree to sell, there are some strikes, like right now, there are some strikes in Argentina that are popping through every sector of the economy. So a little bit more difficult to predict, but the reality is all that crop will come to the market. And we're starting to see that in crush margins, and you can see that. So what Ismael was reading in his remark is that, we highlighted a range of crush for the year. We operated in the first quarter, mostly in the higher part of that range, we will move in the second and third quarter, as traditionally happened when South America has a big crop, toward the low end of that range. And then we see at the end of the year, September onward, when we have a crop here in the U.S., where our margins will recover. So that's the way we see the year. We continue to see a strong meal demand as soybean meal becomes cheaper, and it gets more favor in the inclusions, especially when we see some maybe bottom out of profitability from the poultry sector. So that bodes well for our demand. And we have new RGD plants coming in on the stream in the U.S., whether it's Q2 or Q4, that will bring like another half a million ton more of soybean oil demand for the U.S. And don't forget that Brazil increased their mandate to B14, which represents another half a million tons of soybean oil. So all in all, I think that all that oil demand and meal demand will be important to bring back crush margins to the higher part of the range at the end of the year.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say we've seen strong demand, I would say, I don't know, strong or solid demand across all our segments. Margins have been good. We continue to get a lift on margins by the reduction in chemicals, the reduction in energy prices, a little bit better operations of our facilities. And I would say the main difference maybe versus last year was the last year we have exceptional margins in international milling and also in the corn business in Europe. Those have moderated a little bit, but still the business remained very strong. So I would say all the sweeteners and starches contracted for the year, we're pleased with it. And we expect strong exports to Mexico, other countries pulling well. So I would say, we feel strongly about having a Q2 that's going to be better than last year. So all in all, the uncertainty continues to stay on the ethanol side in which we are cautiously optimistic that, the maintenance systems will balance inventories, if you will, and lift a little bit of margins there. But for the rest of the business, rest of the business is operating very solidly.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So let me deconstruct a little bit the RPO part. The difference in Q1, so results were lower significantly than last year where we had the record year. Main reason for that is North America, as you described, the imports of used cooking oil negatively impacted North America refining margins. Actually, in EMEA, our results were higher. We executed on the strong biodiesel margins. And I would say refining there is in line with the prior year. I would say we have additional volumes that offset a little bit lower refining premiums. South American results in biodiesel and packages, margins are stronger in the current year, supported by, as I said, increased biodiesel mandate. That's half a million tons per year of new demand that really impacted that. So overall, I think the dynamic will be similar for second quarter in which you will see refining margins lower in North America and crush margins and refining margins a little bit better in South America.
Juan Luciano: Oh, yes. Well, year-over-year, there was a $72 million negative of net timing impacts in Q1. So we had a negative mark-to-market this quarter of $30 million versus the previous year where we had a positive of 42. So that's the arithmetics, if you will, of that.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Manav. Good morning. Listen, there's a lot of activity going on there. But we have said, I think this is something we've got nutrition is going to carry as a headwind during the whole year. We expect that plant reasonably to be operating in Q4. I cannot provide any more details or granularity on that as we're going through all the projects, but I would say as soon as we have more specifics, we will be updating all you guys on that. But at this point in time, I think you need to think that the headwinds for nutrition in specialty ingredients and a lot of that driven by this will carry through the year.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Heather, good to hear from you. Listen, the way we're seeing it at the moment, so North America, as we said, Q2 and probably Q3 will move to the lower part of the range. Then as we come through the year and we get more beans here in the U.S. and we get more renewable green diesel volume coming from probably 1 billion gallon more of capacity that's coming, we think that, that and inclusion rates will drive Q4 higher. In the Q2, Q3 area, if you will, we see right now, crush margins in Brazil have gotten better across all our plants, not only the domestic ones, but also the export ones. So as the farmer has been selling a little bit more, as you get more through the harvest there in Latin America, farmers start to move a little bit more volume. In Brazil, it was helped by the devaluation. So we saw that easing the pressure that we have in getting beans and helping crush margins. Europe, we expect it to be around $40 per ton, so it's a little bit in the middle of the pack. China, we don't have a lot of visibility in China, but it seems to be very spot in China at the moment. So it's a little bit hand to mouth over there. So in general, as I said, we see for ADM, at least, a big correction going into the second quarter, also a soft third quarter, and then we start to see coming back up in the Q4. But mostly, the curve of the U.S., if you will, with a little bit moderation provided by the other areas.
Juan Luciano: Yes. The reference we made to that is because VCP results were helped by stronger export demand for sustainably certified ethanol, and we get a premium for sustainably certified ethanol. So that supported volumes and margins. In general, Salvator, ethanol is a very cheap oxygenate, so it's getting a lot of demand from the rest of the world. So exports are expected to be north of 1.5 billion gallons. And blending demand inside the U.S. domestically has been good. It's just that this is the time of the year in which the plants have produced a lot. I always said the plants are exothermic. So in a time of cold temperature, they produce a lot, and that's a time where we drive the least. So now we're going into more the maintenance period of those plants. And I think that inventories for the industry, we hope will come a little bit more into balance, and we expect that to higher driving miles during the summer to balance margins a little bit better. But we expect for the whole year for exports to remain very healthy.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Good question. Listen, if you see the sequential improvement that we have had right now, is we're taking a lot of the one-offs we received last year or even in Q4 out of the picture, if you will. Some of them completely. Some of them, they're going to continue to improve as the business improve the reliability of our supply, if you will. I would say, in the short-term, you need to be able to see through some of the headwinds that we will get in revenue because of the correction of raw materials. So there are some parts of the Nutrition business, what we call Specialty Ingredients, if you will, that were either related to proteins or emulsifiers. Those things tend to correct revenue because they are related to soy or corn at the end of the day, so they moderate. And that business is a business that from a volume perspective, there is a reshuffle of the demand in terms of plant-based proteins. And there's a lot of exciting stuff that the industry is doing. Listen, there is a lot of emerging technologies, novel ingredients and new culinary techniques that will come to revitalize that demand over time, but that's a shift that we're going through and you're not going to see that in 2024. But that's something that, long term, we still believe in that piece. Right now, in the present time, flavor, we continue to see strong demand for flavor, whether it's in North America or whether it's in Europe. To the extent that we can release our supply constraints, we will be able to capitalize more on that. And U.S. has been doing better, faster than maybe Europe, and we're correcting those things in Europe but we feel strongly about that. On the Health & Wellness perspective, biotics continues to excel. Biotics have increased OP by like 100% in the first quarter. So we're doing very well. We're getting some headwinds from the fibers perspective, but I think that's a matter of competitive materials. But over time, fibers has a very positive prognosis as all of us are trying to incorporate more protein and fibers in our diet and reduce fats and sugar that's where the world nutrition trends are moving. And then when you think about the Animal Nutrition side, Animal Nutrition is probably the most undervalued, if you will, story given their potential. Because we are doing a lot of self-help, and that self-help continues to be seen in the P&L. But some of the protein sector issues have impacted the demand there. I would say there in the Animal Nutrition area is where we're probably going to see more of the refinement of the portfolio, if you will, just because there are unevenness across sectors in terms of our ability to achieve the right returns on the long-term. So in some part of the sectors, it's more like self-help. In other parts, it's more innovation driven. And even if you go to things like pet, where the demand is very strong, there are pieces of the world that are doing exceptionally well for us like Mexico. There are pieces where demand is very strong, like in North America, so maybe we need to fix some supply issues. And there are parts of the world, like maybe like South America, where structurally it becomes a little bit more difficult to make money. So we are applying different recipes to the different parts of the world. But I still see a very complete Nutrition business, if you will, going forward, more focus on the maybe fewer platforms, fewer customers to be able to execute our pipeline faster. Maybe in the past, we have a big pipeline with a percentage of conversion that we expect it to be higher on a maybe a more focused, concentrated pipeline. That's the way I tend to think about it.
Juan Luciano: Yes, sure. Adam, listen, I think what you need to realize, so first of all, we are early in the year, of course, and we are making predictions on Q4. So this is a transition period for the industry, if you will. We're going from a couple of years of tight supplies to ample supplies. So we're seeing here a customer base that is very uncovered, if you will, farmer selling that is a little slow. And we're going to go through that transition. On top of that, you have a proteins industry that was in the unprofitable territory, if you will, and still is for certain for, if you will, beef or some parts of pork, but now it seemed to have based and seeing growth trends in poultry. So we see that in different parts of the world, whether it's in Thailand, in Turkey, in other parts of the world. But I think the main issue is that pricing is doing its effect. So you see some trade flows changing. We see some soybean oil being exported out of the U.S., as we see used cooking oil coming into the U.S. We're starting to see maybe Brazil becoming less of an exporter of soybean oil, maybe more competition in mills, but the U.S. is still very competitive in mill. So I think that we will have to see all that shift during the year. What we are seeing is we're looking at our customers, we're looking at our book. And we just think that, again, with 1 billion gallon more of RGD capacity in the U.S. with 500,000 tons more soybean oil coming from the biodiesel mandate in Brazil, that will be a very big determinant of crush margins for the year. With that, I think Ismael will cover the drive for excellence profitability.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben, for the question. So as you know, the $1 blenders tax credit will expire at the end of '24 and transition to a production tax credit. And this will be administered by the US Treasury. They issued guidance on, I think, at the end of last year that will allow the use of grid CA modeling in addition to CORSIA. Of course, we favor including grid. We're successful in grid being officially included. We're still delayed in the EPA ruling on that. So I think that we have been doing a lot of advocacy in encouraging government officials to make sure that we remove this uncertainty out of the equation here. I think that a transition without guidance of whether the crop-based biofuels will generate credits will create a very difficult price discovery mechanism in the coming months, as participants are trying to begin locking 2025 volume. So I think that's an important clarification that needs to happen. These are industries that are investing in the U.S., and I think that providing regulatory certainty are very important for those investments to come to fruition on time and as expected.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, there is a reality in the world that palm oil production is flat and not being able to cope with demand. So we know that the U.S. and renewable green diesel was going to have to be met with a lot of feedstocks, of which soybean oil is an important component. But of course, the industry is trying to gather every kind of feedstock that they can find. And there was inventory of used cooking oil. The U.S. has imported a lot of that, but still is not going to be enough because how much are you going to grow the used cook oil inventory around the world to supply, as I said, an industry is going to have 1 billion gallon more capacity this year. So we still expect that we are adjusting to these temporary imports of used cook oil. But we still expect that soybean oil will recover their percentage of the used from maybe 30% to again, the 40% we used to be.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Salvator, maybe I give you what I have at the top of my mind. But we were very pleased with the increase in volumes in oilseeds or in crush during the first quarter. It was 9% increase. Part of that was Spiritwood coming online, part of that were our plants improvements in general across the footprint. Part of that was Paraguay and Ukraine also coming to crush. So that all happened at different points in the quarter. So I don't have a full recollection of what happened to what volume at any part of the quarter. The Green Bison joint venture will be a contributor to profit during 2024. So it's ramping up. It's going to get to full capacity very soon. So it will be a meaningful contributor. I don't have top of my head what was the contribution on first quarter, to be honest.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So Heather, in carb solutions, we have a whole decarbonization strategy. Actually, across ADM, we have a decarbonization strategy, driven partly by our Strive 35 goals that we need to decarbonize ourselves, part driven by our customers and the need for either awaiting Scope 3 emissions from the side of our customers, but also by providing some low carbon intensity characteristics of some of our products that has also commanding a premium out there. So what are we doing? We are working on increasing our carbon capture sequestration. We're going to go from 2 wells, 1 well and 1 experimental well, but let's say 2 wells to 7 wells, so we're going to be able to increase significantly our capacity. And let me remind you, we have already captured 4.5 million tons of CO2 in the last 10 years that we've been operating. So that has been successful. For the dry mills specifically, what we're doing is we are building pipelines to bring that to our carbon capture and sequestration units indicator. We have 1 pipeline that has been ongoing, the project, and we are looking for solutions for the other dry mills. So that's what is happening. The second part of the question, Heather, I'm not remembering exactly what...
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say there is excitement on both sides. There is excitement on the farmer side to adhere to all these practices, but there's also a lot of demand pull from the customer side in terms of we continue to sign contracts for more of these as people need to, again, have an answer to their Scope 3. So we have been setting goals, and we have been beating those goals and increasing those goals. Now we have expanded that to Europe and Latin America, and we continue to see demand for these activities around the world. And to be honest, the team has been doing an excellent job. So I think that this program is perceived as the leading program in the world there.
Juan Luciano: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your interest in ADM, and have a great day.
Ismael Roig: Can I offer a complementary view? I just wanted to offer you a complementary view on Juan's comments with regard to Animal Nutrition, but I think it also applies to the broader portfolio, which is I fully agree with Juan in the sense that the base business in Animal Nutrition is now experiencing the benefits of the cost improvement programs that we put in place, and we've seen that evolution quarter-on-quarter. But to Juan's observations on a going-forward basis, you will see a business that is looking to become more focused on the specialty side of its portfolio. As Juan alluded to at the beginning, part of the revenue calculation for the platform is partly impacted by the fact that there is a soy mill commodity component to some of the products that are produced. Over time, it's a business that will evolve to become more specialty focused, more higher margin focused. I think it bodes well for the growth and margin structure of that business as we look forward into 2025.
Ismael Roig: Yes. So in terms of overall volume, volume was a complementary question. Overall, we've seen volume hold up well. The exception to that would be, obviously, the Specialty Ingredients business and specifically, the impacts of the Decatur East plant. But all of the other elements of our business have generally performed well volume-wise. So you've seen a bit of a deterioration of the volume on a revenue basis, but you have seen a general improvement except for the SI business when it came to volume.
Ismael Roig: Yes. Adam, on the drive for excellence, we're actually quite encouraged by the progress. As Juan mentioned during the remarks, we have more than 1,200 initiatives, but they can be grouped into substantial areas or themes of effort and focus, working on plant process optimization, working on business process optimization, also very important on supply chain and demand fulfillment , which is part of the challenges that we've had in Nutrition. So these would be the large buckets that we're working on. And we've seen the platform progress very well. And we have at least about 1/3rd line of sight of the $500 million already for 2024. So we're very encouraged about the ability of this drive for excellence impacting 2024 already in the measures that I've just outlined.
