Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. As we close today's call, let me share a few thoughts about how we're seeing our efforts in 2023 position ADM to continue solid progression into 2024. External factors that influence ADM's forward look are closely aligned to the enduring macro trends we have positioned ourselves to be nimble in managing. We continue to see the interconnectivity across food security, health and well-being and sustainability having an amplifying effect across the industries we serve. More frequent extreme weather, extreme weather, geopolitical events and the recent pandemic have all highlighted the criticality of food security within those geographies and for the regions that are served by their agricultural exports. Connected to this, we see areas of supply abundance growing as evidenced by Brazil's record recent crop cycles and areas of need shifting. In some cases, this has resulted in either more domestic consumption in countries like the U.S. or elevated import demand situations where our unparalleled global asset base and deep experience are critical. Government policies beginning to support new demand patterns, whether based on a move to more renewable energy sources or an effort to increase regenerative agriculture supply. Science continues to accelerate innovation in Nutrition with an ever-present consumer interest in turning their food, beverage and supplement consumption to their personal health and dietary needs. Beyond the challenges and opportunities connected to these external factors, we believe ADM is positioned to leverage productivity and innovation to build momentum in the coming year, a continuation of the strategic efforts we have been driving throughout 2023. We anticipate our Services and Oilseeds continue to leverage its extended value chain and deliver structural changes to demand. We anticipate that crush margins will remain healthy while our productivity measures enable us to have a more efficient cost structure. We continue to drive opportunistic extension of our destination marketing scope, grow our regenerative agriculture acres and partnerships, and expand our renewable fuels feedstock production. In Carb Solutions, the compounding effects of our transformative investments coupled with early contracting for starches and sweeteners and what we believe to be a positive ethanol environment are setting up for another strong year in 2024. For Nutrition, we expect continued growth in our revenue opportunity pipeline with significant conversions continuing as we move past some near-term demand weakness. Our expanding results in flavors continue to signal acceleration across our broader portfolio. We expect the positive revenue growth trends in Health & Wellness to drive into next year, and we're already pivoting Specialty Ingredients towards high potential areas like alternative daily and specialized nutrition. Our actions in Animal Nutrition are delivering a positive impact and sustained opportunity growth, which we believe will expand further through the segment in the coming year. And by applying our commercial excellence efforts to this portfolio, we are focusing on the value of innovation in the specialty parts of the business. In closing, I want to express my gratitude to the ADM team for their dedication, hard work and resourcefulness. With the momentum we have been building upon the foundation for growth we have established, I am confident in our ability to continue to deliver solid results as we move into 2024 and continue to pave a path for long-term profit growth. Thank you. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. Listen, our perspective have not changed. If anything, the perspective that we have for the market has been confirmed by what we're saying. Of course, it's a very dynamic environment with the market trying to balance a lot of issues, whether it's more availability of products, more demand, the Argentine situation. We have seen board crush explode back to near the highs recently. And this is just only a reflection of the incredible demand that is coming for soybean meal into the U.S. This drives the board crush has -- it was mill driven maybe before it was oil driven, this was mill driven. You see Argentina situation, they are getting to the end of their inventory. There are probably enough beans at this point for crushers to run until November. So what we see the export book of the U.S. for soybean meal is a record export book from the U.S., something that is higher than over the last 10 years. So I think that, that will continue well into Q1 of 2024. And fundamentally, what has changed, and you have that, if you were island of strong crush margins in the U.S. is this demand for oil. We see crush margins have been a little bit lower for soybean, certainly in Brazil or in Europe, and it’s because some of the oil prices have declined. But in the U.S. with the new demand for renewable green diesel and the new – all the new capacity coming, we expect that to remain strong for years to come. So we will continue to be very constructive at our crush margins in the U.S.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Tom. Listen, North America refining margins are lower in this quarter. I think if you look at last year, the high priced oils were impacted by supply chain disruptions from the Russia-Ukraine war. So I would say this is a more normalized environment. We have also some positive timing impacts due to the pronounced RIN and HVO market movements, pulling forward some of those gains. I would say when we look at the forward quarter, we see remain refining margins to remain strong, but maybe a decline from the elevated highs we saw in 2022 on the early part of this year. Biodiesel margins are also coming out of the highs, as maybe the RIN value component of margin has declined as the industry is building a bank of rings. So we still have not seen a significant pull from the RD demand that it's been building but we maintain our expectation of how much it's going to be built there. So we think that is coming. The other thing you need to think about oil is that demand for food oil is very strong and has rebounded. And there are expectations now that with El Nino, we might have and with the natural maturity of the plantations in the -- in Southeast Asia that we might have a little bit less supply of palm oil and all that. So although, we are coming off the highs, we continue to be constructive about margin stabilizing at a strong level in the RPO area.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Ben. Good question. Listen, we see 2024 with a lot of optimism. We're working through the plan right now, as you can imagine at this time of the year. We continue to see the strength of Ag Services and Oilseeds and Carb Solutions continuing. Ag Services and Oilseeds, we have seen some fundamental structural changes. And I think that that's a multiyear trend. So we're going to see higher crush margins, at least in the United States for quite a while. And our Ag Services business continued to grow around the world in the -- with the strength of destination marketing and that exacerbated concern about food security that bring -- brought by all the geopolitics and the weather events and the pandemic and all that continues and continue to enhance margins for us to the service we provide around the world. So we see that business being very solid and very strong contributor. Carb Solutions, I think that Vikram touched a little bit on the dynamics of the contracting for next year. But beyond that, I think that you have to remember that we are having different uses. We are finding new demand for those products that will do two things, will grow as revenue into new categories like, we're seeing in BioSolutions that is growing double-digits. But it's also going to tighten up the supply for the existing products. So that will be constructive to margins over time, and we've seen that already, so those are the two. And I think Nutrition and Vikram went into a lot of detail into that and all the different pieces. And we're very confident we're going to go back to growth next year. This year, maybe you call it the past that refreshes, we took a pause this year. But the fundamental innovation engine that we have, that's our differentiation. That continues to resonate strongly, whether it's in Health & Wellness in what we are seeing in Flavors or the specialty pieces of Animal Nutrition or the demand generation impact, where the markets are normal and we apply that properly, we are winning more than our fair share, and we're growing faster than the competitors. So we see that with a lot of optimism for next year. When we think about how that correlates to our thinking of how to deploy capital, the priority to deploying capital is in our investment plan, and we have been doing that both in OpEx and in CapEx. Unfortunately, CapEx continues to be higher, inflationary pressure there, whether it's non-power or supply of raw materials, make us take a second look at a lot of the capital. And I think that Vikram has reflected on some of the adjustments that we made, maybe to Specialty Ingredients and other. So we're taking a look at that, and we're reviewing as always in our capital discipline on every project. But we have many opportunities in front of us, and we're going to continue to fund them. We have increased our return to shareholders. Certainly, our cash flow generation is very strong. And to be honest, when we see some of the pivot we are doing even in Carb solution with some of these opportunities, they are not hugely loading our CapEx, if you will. Some of these things where there is the pipeline for decarbonization is with partners, whether it's the LG Chem or other joint ventures are also partnerships. So it's not that taxing in our CapEx budget, if you will. So we think that we're going to continue to increase the return to shareholders. And we've been opportunistic looking at, of course, the M&A environment. And to be candid, we participate in many. We have many items on the fire, but the reality is that valuations have not come down, and we plan to continue to keep our discipline in that regard. So we continue to be opportunistic in that and we look at that. I think Vikram will make a comment on this one.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Salvator for the question. This is a very important initiative for ADM. And it's something that, as you know, we have started like 10 years ago, so it's something that we have a lot of experience in, and we're leveraging that experience and that head start, if you will, in our ability to inject carbon into the lower surfaces in our facility at Decatur. We have a couple of wells there, and we're planning, as you said, to create five more injection wells over the next few years. It is true part of that will be bringing biogenic CO2 generated by our ethanol plants through pipelines. And we are working already in two of those pipelines. We have already submitted permits for all that. Those permits have been accepted. So they are complete. They are in the process of being studied and analyzed, and we are reviewing also with our partners the right of way and acquisitions and all those type of agreements. Of course, as any industry that is breaking ground the pioneer suffer sometimes with the regulatory environment and having to adjust all that. So we're working closely with the authorities across different states and in terms of trying to align the regulatory framework to the needs of decarbonization and to the desires of the Department of Energy and the Department of Agriculture to have a smart agriculture in the U.S. and decarbonize that. So work in progress, as you said, we have seen the news that you do. And you can take two tax that we might suffer a similar fate or that we will have less competition as you described. At this point in time, we don’t have any bad news to report other than we continue forward with our efforts, and we will update you in the next call.
Juan Luciano: Yeah, Davis. Listen, in ethanol, we think ethanol is going to have a very constructive environment, very high sugar prices are driving Brazilians to produce a lot of sugar versus ethanol, so we're going to have less inputs of ethanol, biofuels mandates are growing around the world, whether it's more ethanol or more biodiesel. So we see Brazil going up 1% per year in that regard. And we see ethanol continues to have very good export. It has a very good value to other [indiscernible] that normally, they go for like $2.50 per gallon. So we have a big advantage around the world. And for people that want to increase the octane in their gasoline. Ethanol is a very cheap [indiscernible] around the world. So the U.S. is the best producer of that, will continue to increase. So you can see export having maybe a floor of 1.4 billion gallons going into 1.5 million. So that's very good. When we look at renewable green diesel, there has been no changes on how we see renewal diesel growth in the medium term, which is to get to around 5 billion gallons in the U.S. by 2025, 2026. Of course, we're a global company, we see that becoming 7 billion to 8 billion gallons by maybe -- and maybe 14 billion, 15 billion gallons of renewable green diesel and SAF online by 2026 and 2027. So we are at the very early innings of all these biofuel demand that is coming, whether it’s again for renewable green diesel or the promise of decarbonization that SAF brings to aviation that it doesn’t have any other valid options right now. So again, we’re going to be a player that speedy good shows that. We’re going to bring 1.5 million tons of capacity that will feed 75 million gallons of RGV. So we expect the others will deliver as we have delivered Spiritwood. So this is an industry we’re building that we’re excited about.
Vikram Luthar: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ben. So let's take it by different business lines. So in flavors, as I mentioned, Q3 had a very strong performance. And if you actually look year-to-date, Flavors operating profit is up 16%. And I think that's been a very important growth engine, and typically, the sales cycle in Flavors tends to be shorter than some of our other product portfolios. So just keep that in mind, that momentum is building and we see that momentum through our revenue pipeline, which is increasing month-over-month, we anticipate momentum in Q4 and frankly, continuing into 2024. The other aspect is EBITDA margins of Flavors is also increasing. It's not just revenue growth. The profit is also as a consequence of EBITDA margin expansion. And finally, Flavors contribution year-to-date overall as a part of nutrition profitability is a little over 50%. So important to keep that as a back of your mind as we think about the future. The second part of the Human Nutrition business, Health & Wellness. Health & Wellness have been steady. Actually, the dietary supplements market, which was a little bit of a headwind has -- we see the destocking tend to see the bit, and we are optimistic about the outlook next year. The other thing that Juan mentioned is the evidence-based portfolio of ingredients is expanding and our ability to apply that into functional food and solutions gives us confidence and that business to continue growing into next year and beyond. Specialty Ingredients. Actually, it's a tale of two cities within Specialty Ingredients. There's a texturants (ph) portfolio that has done exceptionally well because of expansion of margins. We don't talk much about that, but because it's a smaller part of the business, but that has performed exceptionally well this year. The challenge has been on the plant-based protein market. And the plant-based protein is driven by market softness, right? There is a softness in the market, and we've gone down as a consequence of what's happening in the market. What we are doing from that perspective is pivoting the portfolio into some of the more resilient categories like specialized nutrition like or to dairy. It doesn't happen overnight. But remember, we -- through our CD&E capabilities, it allows us to pivot our product portfolio into the categories that are growing, and we will do that. We are in the process of doing that. What happened in the interim is the Decatur East incident. What that's created is a challenge in terms of white flake production for specialty proteins in North America. So that's been a drag that we clearly had not foreseen and that drag is going to continue into 2024. So within Human Nutrition, Flavors performing exceptionally well outpacing the market, Health & Wellness study, SI is kind of in line with market, further exacerbated by the recent Decatur East incident. Then step into Animal Nutrition, what happens with amino acids. We were coming off very high margins in 2022. The good news is, we are going to reset in a much more normalized margin levels in 2023. So therefore, '24 onwards, we won't have that lapping impact of higher amino acid margins. But if you exclude amino acid margins, the base Animal Nutrition business, excluding pet solutions, we talked about all the actions of business is undertaking to optimize costs as well as drive focus on Specialty Ingredients, that is being recognized in performance. We are seeing the benefits of that and you'll see sequential quarter-over-quarter growth. So that, we feel very good about this in Q4 as well as going forward. Ag Solutions, demand creation remains solid, that category has been fantastic. We've had challenges in demand fulfillment in North America, and particularly, we talked about that primarily in the recent acquisition that we did in 2021. Those are still lingering, but we have very clear action plans, and we feel confident that by the end of this year and early next year, we will be able to more than offset that. So all in all, combined with that a new innovation, we feel pretty confident that nutrition will return to growth in 2024. And albeit maybe at a slightly lower growth rate than we had anticipated before. But getting to $1 billion is definitely within the horizon. It may not happen in the next year or in year falling, but definitely in the near term or in the medium term.
Vikram Luthar: So on the Carb Solutions question, Adam, I think it's important to just frame it. The liquid sweetener volumes have been steady. And this has happened throughout this year. Almost every quarter, we've said that. So the demand has been pretty resilient, and the margin structure has been strong. The other thing that's actually helpful is strong exports to Mexico as well as higher sugar prices. The specialty volumes in North America have been a bit soft, but with the improved mix and pricing, our margins have actually expanded. The BioSolutions market, we're actually extending into new applications, and that revenue growth year-to-date is 23%. Wheat flour demand has been resilient. The optimization I referred to in my comments, has actually helped improve the cost structure and expand margins. As on all you know what's going on in ethanol. It as goes, the margin structure there is very supportive given domestic demand, blend economics, strong U.S. exports, as well as the fact that we've got a significant -- actually higher domestic driving miles. Now when you think about next year, I mean we're well set up for the Q4 '23, and I already talked about that. It's a little early to say, but based on the strong finish that we anticipated in 2023, and early '24 contracting in North America, sweeter and starches, we are optimistic for solid volumes and our ability to actually maintain and potentially even expand margins in our core starches and sweeteners portfolio. We'll tell you more in our February call, but going in, the outlook is constructive and similarly for ethanol, that tends to be volatile. But right now, the general trends to be supportive of a higher-for-longer ethanol margin environment.
Vikram Luthar: Yeah. I think also in terms of buybacks, good to remind everyone that if you remember in our 2021 Investor Day, we talked about $5 billion of buybacks over the next four years through 2025. If you combine what we've done last year and this year, we've done almost about $2.6 billion of buyback, so we are ahead of that pace. And as I mentioned in my comments and as Juan said, if we don't see compelling valuations and given our discipline, we probably at these trading levels, price levels, we probably are going to buy back a little more aggressively, and you probably will see a stronger pace of buybacks in Q4 as a consequence of some of those factors.
Vikram Luthar: Well, so I think the first thing to note is, when in Q2, we said around $7 for potential -- with potential for more upside. And what we have seen saying right now is that potential upside is coming through, and that's why we're raising our guidance in excess of $7. But if you step back, Steven, think about what's happened between Q2 and Q3. One is, clearly, nutrition has been softer. We had guided to it similar in Q2. Now we are guiding to around $600 million. So you know, by definition, there's a compensation in other parts of the business. And when you think about the compensation relative to our Q2, that's probably going to come partially from AS&O and partially from CS. And we gave some guidance on AS&O for Q4 and also some guidance for CS. CS to be rough relatively flat versus Q4, barring any continued expansion in ethanol margins, so that could be upside in CS. And in AS&O, we have some puts and takes in RPO in particular, and one went through this. We expect that to be weaker than Q4 of last year just because we expect these mark-to-market timing gains we realized in Q3 to be rolling off. And then in Ag Services, it’s going to be generally flat, excluding the legal settlement that was a onetime thing in Q4 of last year. And then in crush, it’s going to be strong. And I think Juan talked about that we are continuing to be constructive about the cross outlook particularly in the U.S. going forward, given some of the structural demand changes related to renewable green diesel in particular.
