Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and turning to slide four, good morning everyone. I will begin with safety first. Through our second quarter, we reduced lost workday injury rate by 32%, and our total recordable incident rate by more than 9% compared to the full- fiscal year 2009, thanks to the ADM employees and contractors for their continued attention to safety. Turning to our financial results, this morning we reported quarterly net earnings of 567 million or $0.88 per share. I am very pleased with the performance of our people and with our results this quarter. While our earnings in total were comparable to last year's strong second quarter, the market conditions and the mix of earnings were markedly different. This once again, I believe, demonstrates the ability of ADM’s team to utilize the geographic scope and diversity of our asset base to create value for our stockholders. Steve will talk about our segment results in a moment, but first an update on our profitable growth strategy. We have brought online this quarter our Columbus, Nebraska, ethanol dry mill adding 300 million gallons of annual capacity. Our Clinton, Iowa, cogeneration plant, our Brazilian JV sugarcane ethanol plant, our first production line at Hazleton, Pennsylvania, the Cocoa processing plant. Also we have increased ethanol production capacity at our Decatur, Illinois corn wet mill, and we brought online incremental processing capacity at several of our North American oilseed processing plants. We have integrated our recently acquired soft seed processing plant at Olomouc in the Czech Republic. We have started up the boilers at Columbus cogeneration plant. We are in startup at the bioplastics plant in Clinton, Iowa, and we are on track to start up our propylene glycol, ethylene glycol plant in Decatur later this quarter. And lastly our Cedar Rapids dry mill is scheduled to come online this summer, rather than in the fall. So, looking at current operating conditions, we are seeing demand improving in some of our key markets we serve. We also see the US ethanol market reasonably balanced, and in South America growers are harvesting what appears to be a bountiful crop. So, we will discuss more of these topics during our operating results discussion. So, I will now turn the call over to Steve, who will look at our segment results.
Pat Woertz: Thank you Steve. John Rice will join Steve and me for the Q&A. So, operator if you could please open the line for questions.
Pat Woertz: Well, first of all David, you know we have an optimistic view of the ethanol business or we wouldn't be building that capacity or haven't built that capacity that we did. We have been in the business for quite a long time. So, we have seen cycles as you know, and there is a RFS out there that gives you some set of certainty related to demand. You have the opportunity to have additional demand due to incremental blending. So, the big picture is we are optimistic about the ethanol business, and we think that the scale and the scope and the low-cost producer that we are is the way to go about it. So, I won't it will be successful for everyone, but through its ups and downs, a low-cost large producer should do very well.
Pat Woertz: Well, I think I have to comment it is at the highest level so to speak as opposed to trying to predict what day or what month we might get a response. As you know, the EPA has undertaken a formal review of an application, and that application was about a 15% blend rate. And they did announce they were postponing it until the middle of 2010. I think, we're still optimistic that the view is and in fact comments they have made was it felt like it was an inevitable discussion about higher blend rates. Whether or not that will go to the full 15, whether it will go to 12, some of the discussions we have been having with folks is related to allowing customers to not have to distinguish by cars or model year, but have something that the market doesn't have any, the market is sort of can deploy the higher blend rate within the current structure or within the current chain, distribution chain. So, I think we're still optimistic and I think it will be by the middle of the year that we will hear.
Pat Woertz: Well, maybe I will start and John you want to jump in. I think the estimates that the markets have noted are for total capacity both built or idled is between 13 billion and 13.7 billion gallons. So, you know the opportunity, again to continue to blend at higher rates, those that should have good economics to run will probably run. I think we see a fairly balanced that is the best way to say it as opposed to an over worry or an undersupply fairly balanced.
Pat Woertz: Well, I would say that you always have to make sure the education process you know, goes on with each jurisdiction. So to say there are no worries, no or we wouldn't have you know, people trying to spend time to understand and provide information to various jurisdictions as they have discussions about the same.
Pat Woertz: Well, I think it's a that kind of question is what one poses to the regulators and legislators, when you have discussions about the same. Now what California has adopted to see one of the things that we tend to talk about is the science is not quite right on indirect land use to have it so formally noted as far as a piece of legislation. So, there is discussions about what it really means, how you really calculated, what kind of production can fit into a low carbon environment, how a plant could qualify or not. All these are yet questions to both answer, and then how the specific jurisdictions work through. So, the optimism about the 15 billion gallons nationally is that if we had a general standard across the US, and not necessarily the individual jurisdictions that are sort of spending a little time on this subject.
Pat Woertz: Well, Ken as we've talked before, it's always a discussion. So, we have dividends, we have strategic growth opportunities. We certainly are finishing up our capital expenditures. We do have the opportunity for some debt reduction. We have as you know, some restrictions related to share buybacks because of our discussion with the rating agencies, but we continue those discussions with them. So, profitable growth remains the key priority because that's what we think will benefit our shareholders in the long term.
Pat Woertz: You know, one of the things that if the world was perfect you'd be able to kind of predict each quarter or when the opportunities would present themselves. We have a funnel as we've talked about before of opportunities, as far as where in the world we have priorities to grow is to continue to fill out our global footprint. So, staying within that value chain, but areas continued in South America, in Eastern and Central Europe, in Asia. We also have priorities to continue to diversify our feedstocks as you have seen you know, with getting into sugar, greater investment in palm and biomass as well as filling out that diversified product slate. So that is also a focus area for that investment growth, and it is the opportunities that present themselves when they do. So, it's not as if we can say it is going to happen largely this year or in you know, or next quarter, but it is our objective to continue to grow.
Pat Woertz: We have added assets though to your point, and whether they'd be in South America or ships et cetera, we do expect those assets to perform.
Pat Woertz: Well, one of the reasons I agreed to co-chair this year was to kind of add a spotlight to some of the issues around agriculture, particularly the need for investment and infrastructure around agriculture. You know, some of the discussions at the world economic forum is a combination of business, of governments, of NGOs, and trying to make the world a better place and if one of the wins or one of the ways that talking about the current economic conditions coming out of the recovery, so to speak, or coming out of the recession and a recovery is that in former recoveries, maybe investment in agriculture was left behind or agriculture was left behind. So, not to have investment in agriculture left behind in this recovery was one point, and then in the longer term to add some optimism about the ability of agriculture to meet the demand particularly by the middle of the century with more population on the earth, there's going to be higher demand for food, for feed, for fiber, industrial products, et cetera, and with productivity, with investment, in infrastructure with bringing on some new arable land sustainably, with reducing post harvest waste, all those things can contribute and create some optimism again around agriculture to be able to do that. So that was one of the areas that certainly relates to our business and the reason I was participating.
Pat Woertz: First of all, we liked your comment about, yes we liked our first half too, and we feel good about our business, but it's very difficult to talk about new levels of earnings. We certainly have had some new investments and our investments are starting to come on stream. So, a piece of that and an opportunity to think why one area is up, another is down and how we can perform in difficult environments as well as maybe more robust growing environments is a great observation. I think it's hard to, you know, you almost need to make sure the averager on your calculator is working as one goes from quarter to quarter, year to year because sometimes there'll be lumps in it.
Pat Woertz: Ian, it was a little hard to hear your question, so let me respond to what I think it was and if it isn't, let us know. I think we are still very interested in the diversification of our feedstocks and in sugar and in sugar in Brazil, and not only because it's for ethanol, but for the broad variety of products that we could bring as we do in our corn plants to be able to produce from cane. So, what we're learning in our, if you want to call our first effort here with our joint venture of these two plants, what we're really learning from building the plant from the ground up, not investing in either old or already established plants, but really building them with a partner from the ground up and we'll see where that goes. You're probably right that acquisitions as we have probably seen every plant in Brazil as far as sugar goes, you know, there are a lot of players that are interested. So, we'll see where that takes us, but I think we are comfortable in our investment and continue to be interested in growing that.
Pat Woertz: No. I mean any time someone announces something, you want to see how the thing plays out but, you know, we are still very interested.
Pat Woertz: I would add that you know, the denominator is equally important, and if you are only focused on the numerator, you'd again buy earnings or spend too much for acquisitions or run up certain aspects of the working capital of the places where we don’t need to be. So, I'm comfortable we're doing both.
Pat Woertz: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for your time and I appreciate all the questions today. We did have a slide there, I think it is slide 17 that shows a couple of upcoming investor conferences, and we look forward to talking with you on the next call in May. Thank you.
John Rice: I will start by answering. We have lower volumes in the industry. So, I think that had a little bit to do with the lower prices. Also we're picking up a little bit of volume in Mexico, which helps to offset, and I can't comment on the discipline in the industry or anything like that. We're just really looking at the total supply and demand, and in our case we are always looking at, as Pat and Steve both mentioned in their prepared comments, more flexibility in our – being able to make other products. So, as far as the discipline goes, I guess I can't comment on that.
John Rice: You should see lower cost, and we expect to see lower operating costs also, lower corn and manufacturing cost.
John Rice: And also you can see in our appendix, we have our process volumes in our corn grind is higher as due to ethanol and then also lysine. We're seeing better lysine demand. We can divert more of our grind over there. As this time of the year where the sweetener volume tends to slow down a little bit, even though we are seeing a little bit more of a pickup in Mexico.
John Rice: Well, it is a mixture Vincent. We look at it in two buckets. We have just pure start up costs to get – we have got plants that aren’t even running yet. For example, or they are running in stages, the propylene ethylene glycol, the bioplastics plant, and we have plants such as the Columbus dry mill that is coming up over a bit of time, and so we are incurring some cost until we get that up to full capacity. So, it is a mixture of those. So, we look at that, and from our perspective we include – that $34 million includes bits and pieces of both of those, and we will stop including them in those costs when those plants are at their designed capacity.
John Rice: I don't believe that there is going to be a bean shortage in the United States. We had a fairly large crop. There is fairly good carryover, I thought 245 million bushels. The market usually says anything over 200 million bushels is more than adequate carryover. So, I think it is more just the additional crush we are going to be seeing in South America, I mean online. Margins still should be good because of different biodiesel throughout the world. I think it is just going to be a switch of where the crush is going to be operating.
John Rice: It is a good question David, and how you think about it is not all that crude, because as you can appreciate that there is a lot of volatility in our business, whether it is on a cost savings project like cogens, where we look at coal versus natural gas and other products, which have a lot of volatility, as well as the other types of products that we are going to produce from our new plants. And we do look at our returns over periods of time, knowing that we are going to have some cyclicality and volatility to the business. So, we continue to look at returns and metrics, but no matter what we do here, it will be based on a number over time and a set of assumptions that we know will – that will be over and sometimes below others. So, it is a great question. It is something we look at all the time and we will continue to refine that and if we can share that with you and others, we certainly will.
John Rice: Timing has a lot to do with everything in this business too, and we are bringing on more capacity like you said, but we are seeing some export business out in the United States. The next sugarcane harvest and the increase in the ethanol production won't happen until April-May time period in South America, which we will start bringing on more summer driving here. So, you always have that little bit of supply and demand balance. Half a billion gallons here, half a billion gallons there can make a difference, but we still believe in the long-term of 15 billion gallons and the industry seems like right now we are going to be built to that in the long-term.
John Rice: Yes, we should. As Steve mentioned in his remarks, we do expect utilization to fall in North America. That is not unusual during the summer months around the United States, but with the growing profitability, hogs [ph] are actually making a little bit of money on the spot basis right now. Poultry numbers being a little bit down, we do anticipate better crush margins this year than we do last year just because of the word economics and better demand.
John Rice: Well, as Pat had mentioned in her comments that with the EPA, and looking at the new blend rates, there is a possibility that that will change around June. We thought it made sense if we could start our plan sometime this summer. It would help with the increased demand for ethanol and when we are – so that's the reason why we are looking at trying to get Cedar Rapids up and going, and yes since these are the same plants, we expect Cedar Rapids to also be at 300 million gallons annual capacity and when we build our plants, we tend to be a little conservative. We said we expect, we wanted to be around 275 million gallons on an annual basis and when we got that plan up and going with our great construction crew and the engineers with the job they did, we found that this plant could run 300 million gallons a year. So, I think it's just on how we build and operate plants. It makes our plant more cost effective, also. So, I think it's just better opportunities what we saw and the timing of when we decided to bring up the plants.
John Rice: It doesn’t. We take all factors around the world, what the weather is like, what demand is like. So, the resurvey, I guess we're not looking at that. It's going to be any big huge surprise, and as I mentioned earlier we are still harvesting corn around Decatur, we have not seen yields go down as we go and harvest the corn. I mean, there can always be a little bit of surprise, but right now you're looking at 1.8 billion carryout in corn. So, even if they adjusted 100 million bushels or 200 million bushels here and there, we still have plenty of corn.
Steve Mills: I will start with that and let John or Pat fill in. On the startup costs, based on what I know today, I think that the 34 million will be the peak of start up costs as we bring these plants online and get them going, and we should see them taper off some in the next two quarters. But there is no question we have got start up going here for at least another two to three quarters. But at least based on our estimates today, we think we peaked.
Steve Mills: The ethanol volumes were certainly a mix of the new plant coming online from Columbus. I'm thinking back already over a month now. We're using volumes that go back to December, but we included volumes there, and we have been merchandising volumes all along the way. So it was a mixture.
Steve Mills: With the slow draw on our harvest, our transportation assets were not taxed as much. We weren’t able to see little bit of volatility in the transportation assets. Also the ability to handle a large volume of grain all at once affected us. But as the harvest keeps going on, as a matter of fact they are harvesting corn around Decatur yesterday to help finish up. We will see opportunities come. We will be exporting more beans out of South America. Corn will come out of Eastern Europe, and Central Europe and Western Europe, and then also more corn exports will probably start coming out of the United States here as we see less soybean exports in the next, after April just due to the South American crop.
Steve Mills: Well, we still, Columbus was not completely up in the December quarter end. So, we don't have that up to (inaudible).
Steve Mills: We're basically starting it up. As of yesterday we are pretty much close to full capacity now. There are still issues anytime you start up a huge plant. You may shut down a line for a little while just to tweak, make sure you get the energy efficiency in the operations. So, to quantify it exactly it is just a little tough. I think the better way to say this is we're going to have more capacity quarters going forward, but you really have to look at what the margins are doing in the industry to try to align our second quarter with our third quarter.
Steve Mills: John, I think that we are going to have a different CapEx profile going forward. We are at the conclusion, nearing the conclusion that this large Greenfield effort. We don't have projects like this on the books that are Greenfield. So, we expect CapEx going forward to have a higher mix of acquisitions than we do Greenfield. So, it is going to be a little less predictable than we have had in the last couple of years, where we were able to pretty much line up where we thought CapEx was going to be based on these Greenfield projects. So, we will see where that lands us.
Steve Mills: No, other than we will have to see. Right now, we think that the Cedar Rapids dry mill will be done about the end of this fiscal year. I'm sure we will have some expenses flopping over into fiscal ‘11. We have been running what we call our maintenance CapEx, our recurring CapEx, at about 600 million. So, sitting here today with what I know today that number will start to trend a lot closer to that maintenance CapEx then where we are today. But that is where the big asterisks to potential acquisitions and other things that are going to come along.
Steve Mills: We don’t have – I don't have that calculation, and as you point out, we have seen a lot of volatility in those return metrics, and we look at it over time. So, every quarter has a little different mix. I don’t have that number.
Steve Mills: We've always had the ability to import Brazilian ethanol in the United States. So, I don't think that potential joint venture changes anything at all, I mean in the United States just because they have the distribution. They are in the business to make sure they are making money. So, there are going to be buying the lowest cost ingredients they can.
Steve Mills: That just gives us more flexibility. It can be lysine, it can be fructose, it can be corn syrup. Any given two month period during the wintertime will tend to run, will just run more gallons and less fructose. So, it's not that simple of an answer. It's just one or the other.
Steve Mills: What tends to happen just because each government has their own rules and regulations, what we’ll see is an increase in biodiesel demand in Europe. Our rape seed margin should be better. We will be importing the soybeans. Argentina will make up the difference there and then what – we will start shipping more vegetable oil for the food market out of the United States.
Steve Mills: It's in the bioproducts group and that is the preponderance of the startup cost for the company. We have some other odds and ends in cocoa and others, but it covers ethanol, cogen, DHA, propylene, ethylene, glycol, like that, sugarcane.
Steve Mills: It's relatively modest. That's right. So, we only call this out because it's the only significant number.
Steve Mills: I'll start with this one. Ken, it's a good question. It's always interesting how one interprets what one hears. We were pleased with our quarter. Around here it was a challenging quarter for this division with the delayed late harvest, and I think we felt good about what we accomplished during the quarter. Every quarter as we reset and go, and based on the asset network we have and the opportunities that present themselves. So –
Steve Mills: Two quarters in a row always doesn't make a trend, but we’ve seen cocoa prices drop 30% here in the last couple of weeks. We are seeing more demand come like it's still too early to say that's an increase in demand or people are just starting to fill their pipelines. We are running – we are seeing a little bit more positive signs, but it's just, it's really still tough to say. We still have overcapacity and demand is down a little bit.
Steve Mills: I don't have any update on. There is a little bit of ethanol moving around the world to different destinations, some to Europe, a little bit to India, maybe a little bit to Brazil, but you know, Brazil has a tariff on our ethanol coming, going down, going into Brazil plus they've reduced the blending from 25 to 20. So, those all are factors when the harvest comes in. So, I can't comment on the tariffs. (inaudible) is what I should say.
Steve Mills: We generally run a hedge position at ADM, and we have specific limits throughout the company that we are constantly monitoring every day. That's the best way to answer that question.
Steve Mills: I just think the only thing I'd add Diane is that you know, every point in time that you look ahead, you're looking at a certain opportunity that you know, you hope you're building your base and continue to prepare for the future and yes, you can take points in time and maybe see out there a little way. The problem is it gets a little less clear the farther out you go other than some of the, what we think are some of the certainties or givens that there is going to be more and more demand for what we do here at ADM over the long term.
Steve Mills: I think that's, I mean, we look at them all in context, and also in context of what's going on in the marketplace to the extent that you buy things back or you share some debt, and you have to evaluate the ability to get if you need capital, how easy it is to raise, and what the costs are. So it's, you know, sometimes it's an absolute, as Pat said, sometimes it's on a more relative basis to what's going on in the marketplace.
Steve Mills: I'm listening, and I'm trying to absorb a lot of what you said because I look at it that we manage both the numerator and the denominator understanding that we have some points in time where the denominator gives some variability because of the marketplace, but it's what – we talk about it a lot internally. We want gross, but it's got to be with the returns that come with it and again knowing that we're going to have to average that over some periods of time because of some of the variability in the denominator, but I think, you know, I think that we were very thoughtful in that analysis and I think you know, maybe in the last year or so, you know, we haven't or even more than that, several years, we haven't jumped at acquisitions to, you know, to buy earnings. We continue to be very thoughtful and analytical to get the, you know, to get the right investments done at the right price, and there is, and you always have to factor the risk in it and again, where we're more comfortable and confident in the areas that we plan and how that compares to some of the new geographies and new things that we're looking at. So, it's a whole mix of things Alec that we look at, and we think, of course, it is going to be a little biased that we do a pretty good job at it.
Ken Zaslow: But, I mean with the significant cash, I mean, is there a region, is there you know, how do you expect it to deploy. I mean, is there something in the near future or should we wait 12 months. I mean how do you think, how should we be thinking about the cash, because it does seem like a significant amount of cash is coming to you guys.
Ken Zaslow: In terms of ag services, it was $150 million, which to us was a seemingly a strong number, but you guys seemed a little bit more, you know, kind of pushback saying, hey it wasn't as great, and then you kind of laying out the opportunities that going forward, there may actually be more opportunities. Is that the interpretation you know, we should think about this $150 million for the quarter was not as good as you would have wanted and there was actually more opportunities. I thought this was, if I do a progression model going forward, the $150 million seems to be in line with your growing asset base. Is there something that I should be thinking about the next turn on your ag services should be another leg up.
Ken Zaslow: Okay, and then my last question is cocoa, you know, in relative numbers your other business did quite well. I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, I think you've been in the last couple of quarters a little bit cautious on the return to profitability or the growth in the profitability for cocoa. It sounds, and then if you listen to Barry Calibet [ph], they also seem to be saying that there has been a turning point there too. Is it fair to say that this business has begun to turn around and although demand could be relatively flat globally, at least that's what they’ve said. Is there an improvement, just as we’ve hit bottom in ethanol or is this you know, two quarters in a row doesn't really make a trend.
