Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan, and good morning to all who have joined for today's call. I realize we're holding this call later than we have in the past and we appreciate your patience as we have managed through our internal investigation and worked expeditiously to complete our 10-K filing. Before we start the business update, I want to provide some perspective on the additional release that we issued this morning on the progress we have made in our internal investigation, which is being led by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. ADM has historically disclosed in the footnotes to our financial statements that intersegment sales have been recorded at amounts approximating market. In connection with our internal investigation, we've corrected certain intersegment sales that occurred between our Nutrition reporting segment and our Ag Services & Oilseeds and Carbohydrate Solutions reporting segments that were not recorded at amounts approximating market. The adjustments have no impact on our consolidated balance sheets, statement of earnings, comprehensive income or loss or cash flows. In addition, we determined that the adjustments are not material to our consolidated financial statements taken as a whole for any period. We also confirmed that these adjustments did not change the achievement levels under our incentive plans. Further detail is included in the Form 10-K we filed this morning. Throughout this process, we have continued to operate the business and drive our strategic priorities forward. While our internal investigation is substantially complete, we continue to cooperate with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice, and we hope you understand that we will not be taking questions related to these matters on the call today. We will provide updates on this matter in the future as appropriate. Please turn to Slide 4 where we have captured our fourth quarter and full year financial highlights. Today, ADM reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.36, and adjusted segment operating profit of $1.4 billion. Our full year adjusted earnings per share were $6.98, the second best EPS in our history, and our adjusted segment operating profit was $6.2 billion. Our trailing fourth quarter adjusted ROIC was 12.2%, making another year of ROIC performance above our 10% target. Our full year operating cash flow before working capital was $4.7 billion. Our strong cash flow and disciplined management of our balance sheet continues to allow us to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. In total, we returned $3.7 billion to our shareholders in the forms of dividends and share repurchases in 2023. In January, with the expectation of continued strong cash flows in 2024, we announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend, raising our dividend to $0.50 per share, which marks 92 years of uninterrupted dividends and over 51 consecutive years of annual dividend increases. Today, we also announced that our Board has authorized the additional repurchase of up to $2 billion in shares in 2024 under ADM's existing share repurchase program. Our performance for 2023 shows the overall effectiveness of our strategy, where our broad portfolio of business is combined to deliver resilient results for the year. Despite a more challenging operating environment, we maintained strong earnings and ROIC while delivering key strategic accomplishments across the enterprise. Next slide please. To put our 2023 results into perspective, at the end of 2021, we provided a roadmap to create value and growth returns by getting closer to customers and highlighted where we expected to perform on several important strategic metrics by 2025. As I look at our two-year track record over these 2025 objectives, we have delivered adjusted earnings per share at the top end of our $6 to $7 per share EPs objective. We have also continued to deliver ROIC above our 10% target.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ismael. Please turn to Slide 16. In summary, let me once again share the three priorities for our year ahead. We will continue our efforts across the business to drive our productivity and innovation portfolio of projects, taking advantage of capacity gains we have made and ensure that our teams are generating and executing on our drive for Execution Excellence. We continue to take aggressive actions in the nutrition business to ensure that it can deliver on the areas of growth that we have continued to build into our opportunity pipeline. This includes supporting the operational changes we have introduced, driving simplifications through our products and brands, and ensuring that our business portfolio is tuned to best achieve our return expectations. And we're also actively managing our balanced capital allocation strategy, both prudently investing in the business while growing our dividends and accelerating our share repurchase program to return more to shareholders in the near-term. I believe strongly in the powerful role ADM plays as a leader in the agriculture supply chain, and that our ability to bring partners together across the value chain will be critical to driving future transformation in the food, feed, fuel and industrial markets we serve. I want to express my gratitude to the ADM team for their dedication, hard work and resourcefulness. I'm confident in our ability to deliver solid results as we move into 2024 and continue to pave a path for long-term profit growth. Operator, please open the line for questions now.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Tom. So, as we said before, Ismael mentioning his remarks, we expect crush margins between $35 to $60 for this year, they were about $70 per ton, maybe last year. I think it's fair to say that the market has completely priced or baked all the bad news into the crush margins are we having today? So, I would say board crush has moved significantly lower in the last month as the market probably gained more confidence in the availability of products, especially soybean meal, particularly when you think about Argentina now having sites on a crop that may be 50 million tons. And the U.S. crush industry also has performed very well. And the market continued to look forward to the second quarter of the year when they're going to have basically three offers for meal. That hasn't happened last year. So if you remember, last year, after Brazil finished in exporting, the U.S. became the only global, only gaming town, if you will. And that increased soybean meal values around the world, which makes soybean meal expensive, if you will for the Russian. We see that in the U.S., we saw, at least for ADM, we saw five consecutive months of record exports for soybean meal in the U.S. And the U.S. industry saw similar situation. So now with the correction in this, we expect that soybean meal will gain back into the Russians. Of course, feeding with meat pros and not soybean milk is not the optimal way to feed. So now that soybean milk has corrected, we expect that to happen. At the end of the day, Tom, the way I think about where crush is going to happen in the world is going to happen in both places where you have bean availability and where you have a domestic oil market. If you think of Brazil, Brazil is having B14 started in March. And that has helped with the margins of domestic oil for us in Brazil. And of course, you have a big crop, so you're going to have the bean availability and the domestic market. And then it will be the U.S. in which you have all the need of soybean oil to go into renewable green diesel and biodiesel and we have, of course, the bin availability. So we think that crush will favor those two places.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Andrew, first of all, my comment before to Tom's question was the overall number that we gave for the company for 2025 in 2021. We still believe that number is there. I think that that number was never going to be a destination for ADM, was a milestone, if you will. And as we are reviewing our five-year plan that we do every year we see us breaking through that number. So in that sense, I expect 2024 to be a down year versus 2023 hopefully 2025 will be a positive year versus 2024. There is a cycle here that needs to happen, Andrew, that I described below, soybean mill will get cheaper. All the oil activities related to B-14 or RGD needs to grow. All that needs to happen and how long that adjustment takes, how long it takes for meal to be low enough to increase demand and for flat prices to be low enough to maybe make the farmer correct a little bit. They are planting all that process we know historically happens, when exactly it's going to happen. Does it happen in a calendar year? Doesn't happen in six months. Does it happen in a year is hard to say. But we continue to build a company that has more optionality, that's more resilience for the future. So as the cycle moderates, we continue to have more ability to bring more to the P&L. So we think with that, I'm optimistic about 2025 being better than 2024.
Juan Luciano: Yes, good question, Ben. Let me give you the puts and takes, if you will, on nutrition as we look at 2024. So as Ismael said in his remarks, about half of the headwinds that we faced last year were market. That means that half of them were in the other two buckets, the non-recurring events, if you will, and those by nature we hope that we're not going to have going forward. And I think Ismael qualified them about $60 million something give or take. And then the other ones were like some of the demand fulfillment issues that I explained how we have worked aggressively to correct. And we have seen good indication of that over the first two months of this year. So I would say those are the positive that we don't expect all that to happen again in 2024. You put on top of that a single digit revenue growth, mid-single digit revenue growth because of the pipeline that we have and the conversion of that pipeline. And that tends to happen every year. Then, as you described, we have to have to face a correction of texturizing prices that were exceptionally high last year. We're not going to have that. So that will be part of the negative side, if you will. And certainly, as we go through the year, we still need to bring Decatur East plant back into operations, and that will have a tail of a cost. So I would say the year will be driven by a strong recovery in Animal Nutrition, in flavors, and hopefully pet with some tailwinds in the specialty ingredients. That's how we see.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ben, I'm glad you're highlighting carb solution. They had a spectacular year. They deserve recognition and they've done a fantastic job of transforming their business into a very resilient and stable business. The assets let me take it by pieces. The milling business. Milling is an old business that has some old assets. And over the last few years, we have been doing -- the team has been doing a terrific job of shutting down some assets and consolidating those in new facilities like Mendota that we launched last year. That is the best and the newest wheat milling plant in the world. So we are happy with the way they have done that. They continue to do so. So that business is in good shape. When we look at the wet mills, we continue to invest in part of the wet mills. Unlikely that we're going to build a new wet mill, as you can understand, but that business continue to be reinvested in. It's a business that is a large business has a large asset footprint. And at the moment there is a lot of capital being associated with the path to decarbonize all these assets. So as you heard, we have a lot of efforts in trying to get pipelines to try to monetize some of our CO2 that come from the biogenic CO2 that come from the ethanol plants. So and I would say we have expanded Marshall because BioSolutions is growing at north of 15% per year. So we needed capacity. So the Marshall expansion is about 50% expansion to the final starch capacity that we have there. And that will help a lot with that. I would say the year is exciting as it is developing. It has solid margins. It has so far solid volumes. It had a little bit of a rough January because of the bad weather. We have ice in the plants and freezing weather. But February, March, things look good. And we think that that business has the opportunity to get some tailwinds from lower energy cost and maybe chemicals cost as the year go by. And that's a big energy hog, that business. So that could be an advantage and a tailwind coming later in the year.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Manav, for the question. Listen, I think the path is clear for RGD, that RGD will need vegetable oils. When you think about how Europe is doing, Europe not having a raw crop for that, Europe needs cooking oil, waste oils, and they will capture that. The U.S. will have to be fed with soybean oil, canola oil. And we see that commitment to be firm over the years. All these capacities being built, it cannot be filled with anything else. So we feel that is a strong trend ahead of us.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Steven, listen, let me give you my thinking on that and the way we approach these things. So we always look, every time we do our five year plan, we take a look at those units that whether they are not returning, given our return expectations to date, we're not forecasting it to do it in the medium term. And those are the ones that we tend to take action. So we took action with a couple of joint ventures, as I mentioned, and then we look at every unit that is underperforming. What we do first is we try to bring them to performance. So we make sure that if there are some things that are self-inflicted, if you will, we correct those things. Once we correct those things, and then we have visibility to what could happen over the next two or three years, then we decide as a part of portfolio whether they belong in nutrition or they belong in another part of ADM, or they belong outside ADM. So that's a regular process. We done, we done it in the past with fertilizers, Latin America, we've done it in the past. We divested Bolivia. We divested cocoa and chocolate. So we've done this, and now we've done it with a couple of joint ventures. We've done it also. Ismael has done it in his previous job as an Animal Nutrition leader with some of the lines in Animal Nutrition that we cut, like 20 lines around the world. So sometimes we have exited countries. So it's a regular process that at times, maybe when you have a stumble like we had in nutrition, you look a little bit deeper, because now, all of a sudden, you have more businesses at lower performance. So we really want to see, is it worth investing in some of those? So we're in that process. So, nothing to announce today, but we continue to look at that very deeply.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Dushyant. Well, all useful biofuel production is, as I said, is expected to grow in Brazil. We're going to go to B14, so there are many countries that are increasing their mandates, whether it's Indonesia and all that. When you look at the overall balances around the world, you see plantations in Southeast Asia getting older, the trees getting older, so maybe less production of palm oil. So you're going to see biodiesel mandates increasing around the world and less competitive pressure, if you will, for palm oil. So you're going to see the pressure on vegetable oil. So we think that that will continue to be a strong leg of the crash, biodiesel in particular. Biodiesel margins are better right now for us in Europe. They have moderated significantly in the U.S., and we expect them to be good, but not as good as they used to be in the U.S. So that will be a little bit of a headwind for us in 2024. But margins are better in Brazil and in Europe. Thank you.
