Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will begin with safety. Through our third quarter, we reduced our lost work day injury rate by 33% and our total recordable injury rate by almost 10% compared to the full year fiscal 2009. Safety remains an important priority for us. Turning to our financial results. This morning, we will reported quarterly net earnings of $421 million or $0.65 per share. And this third quarter, the ADM team did a good job managing our large flexible origination and processing network to meet global demand.  On the growth front, many of our large projects are finalized, and the rest are wrapping up construction. We competed this quarter our startup of our Columbus, Nebraska ethanol dry mill. We began shipments from our renewable plastics plant at Clinton, Iowa. And we are commissioning our propylene glycol plant in Decatur, Illinois. And construction of our Cedar Rapids, Iowa ethanol dry mill is on pace to wrap up this summer. I might also note that yesterday, we took possession of a seventh ocean-going vessel, the Harvest Rising.  On the policy front, the EPA is considering a request to allow increased blending of ethanol up to E15. A positive decision on E15 would lay the framework for improved demand in the future. However, with an E15 waiver, some significant challenges to widespread adoption would remain. We believe, as the RFA [Renewable Fuels Association] and others do, that an increase to E11 or E12 would be an additional, easier to implement next step on the path to E15 and future higher blends. We're hopeful this is the pathway that EPA takes.  Now I'll turn the call over to Steve, who will review our financial and segment results.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Steve. John Rice joins Steve and me for the Q&A. So operator, if you would please open the line for questions.
Patricia Woertz: I think from what I understand and have talked with members of Congress on both sides of the aisle and the administration, it seems like there's an understanding of the importance of ethanol to energy security, the environment, job growth, et cetera. I think the renewal of the ethanol tax credit is on the horizon. I think it's not likely the extension will be approved until the latter part of this year which is [indiscernible] (38:45) comment. But I'm encouraged by the commentary. So we'll have to wait and see.
Patricia Woertz: I think it needs a vehicle to be extended. But as I said, I'm optimistic that people understand the importance of it. And particularly in this blend wall environment, it's important to have more ethanol used by Americans.
Patricia Woertz: Obviously, less states and less volume are involved when you're talking about biodiesel. But I have still optimism that the credit will get extended if it has a vehicle, again, to link itself to.
Patricia Woertz: First of all, until they rule, it's hard to say what the outcome will be. But I think a bifurcated system of E15 for newer vehicles and E10 for older vehicles, very complex into the market and actually would have difficulty getting much uptake. We find that only about two out of our top 10 customers would consider being first users of E15, if there was this bifurcated market. So more importantly, or as a pathway, an important pathway to kind of get to further testing -- further testing needs to be done we suggest an E11 or an E12 on a substantially similar finding so that it can go into the entire market while the additional testing is being done for E15 and even higher implementation.
Patricia Woertz: Well, first of all, Rob, we don't frankly forecast. We can give you some current market conditions and a little bit of outlook on things that we have a window into. Currently, the ethanol margins are at about break even. So even if you forecasted, or in your work, you may look at forecasts that look like the same or look like some opportunity-forcing differences, I think, there's still a little bit of blending room. Although, you'd argue we were -- the industry is up against a blend wall there.
Patricia Woertz: Well, we think ROIC, as Steve has mentioned, is a better way to track performance. Although, as you can see, the trend lines are the same, no matter what return measure you use. But it's a little better way to look at the spread over weighted average cost of capital, or compares more clearly to some of competitor measures. So I think, there is a way to think about returns in the long term, being what you're objective is here. The new plants are a mix, as you might recall, a mix of cost-saving opportunities, such as the cogeneration plants, which provide us more advantage costs when natural gas prices are significantly higher and run the option of rerun coal in those plants. Two, newer, longer payout projects like a Bioplastics plant, which would have the kinds of accretion or returns at a much longer time frame. So they're a mix of sort of immediate and longer term. So when you look at ROIC, while I think, it is a measure and as we turn over the new year here, we'll probably, only kind of continue to comment maybe on ROIC. I think, it is a way to look forward on these projects, but just commenting that they are a mix of payout ranges.
Patricia Woertz: We believe in this business in the long term. And I think, sometimes when you're taking on new capacity and new projects, you can't be looking at it as the exact timing of a particular quarter or year, when it comes on. On the way to ultimately, 36 billion gallons by 2022 is what the vision of the President and others are. These kinds of plants will make the difference in the longer term to have this country have more ethanol and more home-grown energy. So timing is sometimes everything, and it's sometimes part of the overall process. I think, we really have a long-term view here, and we feel very good about the competitiveness, the location, the capability. John mentioned the capability we have surrounding all these plants. We feel very good about our logistics, our ability to buy corn. We're glad we're in the business.
Patricia Woertz: Yes. If they said E15 everywhere, that would be good, the E20, E25, perhaps we should be getting into a testing of much higher levels as Brazil and other places do. But on the way to that, if they find they cannot rule on E15 for the entire carpark, any increase is helpful.
Patricia Woertz: It is in the comment submitted by the RFA, I believe it was in July. So they also and stated that it was their belief the EPA can authorize the higher blends and make this substantially similar finding. So yes, it's been out there.
Patricia Woertz: We're still burning [ph] and some of the other projects are on stream. But I don't have any specific updates for this call.
Patricia Woertz: I think, the point there, Ken (sic) [Vincent] and I can't answer that specifically, but it has to do with, Vincent, it applies to all cars, our all vehicles, because they're substantially similar. It's just like the E10, that would go into the gasoline pool sort of unnoticed. So it would be not an implementation issue like we hear the implementation issues could be on E15.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I can't comment on all that others would do. And if there was a court challenge of some sort, there would be lengthier implementations and perhaps, some of the same. But in fact, it would be easier or it's assumed that would be easier, because of the substantially similar and all-carpark applicability, would be the statement.
Patricia Woertz: I don't know. I'm just saying that if it's substantially similar, your comment first, I would agree with. I can't comment on what others might react to. But certainly, when it's applicable to the entire carpark, it's flows through the system as E10 does today.
Patricia Woertz: And it's all about profitable growth and we'll share with you when we know and what we know and thanks for asking though. We have talked about it and I think, it is an integral part of our growth plans.
Patricia Woertz: Well, thank you again for your time. We really appreciate your questions today. Slide 17 did show a couple of upcoming investor conferences. And we look forward to talking with you at our next call in August. Goodbye now.
Steven Mills: First of all, we use a variety of instruments to hedge our corn position, and accounting rules dictate how they're treated on a mark-to-market basis or for allowed hedge accounting. But we use a mixture of accounts that are brought to market and our effectively used hedges. And to complicate that even more, we have to evaluate the corn future hedges for effectiveness, as defined by GAAP. So we've got a mix of that. And in each and every quarter, we have some of that mark-to-market and we've had some this quarter, we had some last quarter and some of the year ago quarter. So the results that we saw, some of that will be pushed forward, and some of that is essentially offsetting some numbers from prior periods. But we won't break those out specifically just because, as you can tell already by this explanation, there's a lot of moving parts to that. But overall, it was a significant amount of the variance between last year and this year came from those types of items when I look at sweeteners purchase in total.
Steven Mills: I just think in general, we would not have been too far off of last year's quarter once all those things wash through.
Steven Mills: We have not seen any impact in chipping [ph] (44:24) out of the Gulf as of this morning. So there has not been any disruptions, at least in our side.
Steven Mills: No, I don't think so. It's a mix of -- it all crossed all the segments of price and volume. So price was down, and some of the segments and volumes were up in some. So it's really just a mix. And when you look at us an overall basis, it comes out relatively flat.
Steven Mills: What we don't put in those processing volumes are the Ag Services, and which makes it a little more difficult to do those apples and apples. And we've started up some new plants and the acquisitions that we've got throughout the organization. So it's a little bit of everything.
Steven Mills: I think, when we talk about markets, our each and every plant has a little bit different cost structure. And we feel like we've got very competitive plants.
Steven Mills: Well, I think, I'll have to look at my sheet. But I think, the number was pretty comparable last quarter. And we're, I think, a little over $30 million. It looks like it's $33 million of last quarter. I think, that same here where we are today, the fourth quarter probably are right about the same rate, just because we've got a couple of these plants that we still need to finish up. And then again, sitting here today, I would think, when we get in the new fiscal year, hopefully, Cedar Rapids corn's the only thing left to go and that number should drop off some, and then hopefully, quickly go down to nothing.
Steven Mills: Two pieces to that. One, as we construct plants, not every single dollar that you spend can be capitalized and put into the fixed-asset range. So we've got a section of that. It's kind of the non-capitalizable cost. And then we also add into that, what we call our pre-operating start-up costs to the extent that we've got some targeted production rates. So until we get the rates up to where we think they should be, we're going to take those incremental excess costs and throw that into the $27 million here. But the mix, and once we get kind of get those through then they'll just go into the bottom line.
Steven Mills: Parts of that. But I would say no, in general. The one major item I want to correct is that it doesn't have anything to do with cross-hedging. The accounting rules are very specific on specifically, how the basis works and the effectiveness of hedging corn against -- using corn futures to hedge corn. And so when we talk about hedging effectiveness, this isn't the accountants telling us that we've got some cross-hedges that doesn't work. This is simply corn futures from time to time, based on the accounting rules and regs are not considered effective. We know they're effective for economic purposes, but they're not effective for accounting purposes. And therefore, they don't allow you to defer the gains and losses, related to those into the pin-to-the-forward period. So that part, I want to try to get to. Some of your other points, so as I said, there is a portion of that, that I think, when you started your comment I agree with, because some of the loss and gains that we've taken in prior quarters, and then enter some that we will on the ineffectiveness side, that will get pushed forward into forward period.
Steven Mills: I don't think so, Ken. I think, that the market is so spot that whatever is happening in the marketplace runs through our results pretty quickly.
Steven Mills: We understand that and appreciate that. Now you have to recognize that we're not -- because so much of what we're doing here has a mark-to-market aspect to it, there's no guarantees when things will get reversed and when things will happen. You can make lots of assumptions. But we appreciate that, and that we'll do our best to try to help you where we can.
Steven Mills: We normally have our kind of annual conversation with the rating agencies in October. I plan to go out and visit them again here in the next month to revisit that very same subject and bring them up to speed with the state of our financial wherewithal and see where we can go from there.
Steven Mills: We don't have any Greenfield projects on the drawing board that are even close to the magnitude the once we've been completing. I'm sure we'll have some of the Cedar Rapids corn plant finish-up costs in 2011. And so 2011 will certainly be down from where we're at today. Historically, we've had a run rate of kind of normal recurring CapEx a maintenance et cetera in the $600 million or so, might tweak up just a tad. So we're seeing it go, but then the other aspect to that, Alec, is that we see a chunk of our growth coming through M&A and acquisitions, which are a lot harder to predict when they're going to come on. So it's one of the reasons we keep a strong balance sheet and that proverbial dry powder for those kinds of things.
Steven Mills: Well, it's hard to give you a timeline on those things, Ken. And the good news is that the market's quiet, so you're not hearing a lot of rumors about that. But we're working on them everyday, literally. And so it's really hard to put a timeline just because, of course, it takes two to get a deal done. So what I'll tell you is that we've got -- we're actively analyzing, reviewing and looking at transactions, as we speak.
John Rice: I hate to say it's not somewhat remotely correct. We're always trading corn throughout different parts of the would, different parts of the area. But to say that corn cost have gone up in that area just because you have new demand, that statement in itself would be true. To say that we're paying more than anybody else in the market, absolutely not.
John Rice: The market's the market. All it does is move from maybe corn that was coming from Eastern or Western Nebraska is now going into Columbus, as opposed to being shipped someplace else. And we're taking trains from another area, taking them up down to the Gulf or on the West Coast. So it's really more of an arbitrage than anything else. Our model of it hasn't changed.
John Rice: And you'll probably read the same headlines we do on this. Right now, it's maybe going to be passed by the end of May. But as Pat mentioned, it has to go on some other bill, and we thought it was going to pass earlier this year and it just hasn't happened. So hopefully, it'll pass by the end of the May, but we don't have any more insight than anyone else.
John Rice: We have seen an increase in the crush margins. But here in North America, but that's been attributed to exactly what you said that there's been a slowdown in the crush. We slowed down some of our operations. We are not exporting much protein meal or oil out of the United States right now. So I would say that's the main reason. In various places around the world, South America, you're seeing lower crush margins, but all the plants are starting up and running. Europe, depending on the location and whether it's a soft season or soybeans, crush margins seem to be holding somewhat steady at that part of the world. It hasn't dropped as much. It dropped here in the last month, but it has come back a little bit.
John Rice: Yes, we are seeing the pick up in food service. It's just up from the low. We're still not back to the levels we are experiencing two years ago. But we are seeing a little bit of a pick up in that market. And just like when we shut down any of our plants, it has an effect on the supply and demand.
John Rice: The reason we have a forward curve in the ethanol market is just because there aren't any margins out there forward. So it's really a very thin market, and you can't sell very much into that market. And it's just really trying to set a margin out there. The business is still very, very spot.
John Rice: Let me give you an example. Let's just say we sell some fructose for this year 2010. We buy the corn, end up taking that corn, applying that corn to that fructose contract. When the accounting rules come into play at the end of each quarter, then we have to look at whether that is an effective hedge or not. So then that gets marked up or down to the market.
John Rice: I think with the shipments to Mexico, they're more than offsetting any decline we're seeing in the United States.
John Rice: Timing could be a big issue on that. And whether people bought the fructose and corn was 3 75 or 3 45. So the sales price could vary. The margins are within the same range.
John Rice: I wish it was that simple. There will be a portion. A portion of that will come back in the next quarter, because we do still have some open positions. So if you go with your assumptions and if prices stayed exactly same, we would get some of that back in our fiscal fourth quarter. As I said earlier, some of the results offset numbers from prior quarters. It's a real mixed answer, and that's why it's hard to explain. But basically, if everything stays the same, we would get a portion of that back.
John Rice: There's a lot to answer in there, David, but let me just try. Our North America was slowing down the crush rates. So I do believe we will have a margin, like we did last summer, going forward. We will not see the exports of protein and meal coming out of the United States later in the year, like we saw this last year, because we have such a large South American crop. And we have more crush coming on in Argentina and Brazil, mostly Argentina. But with that said, we are seeing 4% growth in protein demand. So it becomes a little bit of a timing issue. Eventually, we will get up to that with crush capacity will not be an issue. But we have expanded, people have expanded crush in Canada. We have expanded crush in Argentina. So on a global basis, I feel there's a little bit of overcapacity and how that all plays out, it's just kind of tough to say. But I'm still very friendly long term about the whole industry. We're going to keep seeing growth in the meal and the oil demand, globally. But when you start talking quarter-to-quarters, it does get a little bit tricky.
John Rice: I think, what surprised me personally the most was we saw more plants start up than I would have thought would have started up. And just margin structure really isn't there. So we saw more people able to get financing. Also the blend wall has come in and we have not been able to expand the market as quickly as what we originally thought. Now we're expanding more in -- I think, it's roughly 86% of the gallons are being blended. We're seeing a little more blending in Texas, a little bit more in Pennsylvania. Salt Lake City is going to start blending. But I think, between those two, it was a little bit of surprise to me, and I think, the biggest one was the additional plants starting up with no real forward margin structure.
John Rice: I hate to answer that question. It puts me in their shoes, and I try to manage our business. It is a difficult environment right now with the blending wall and the additional capacity. One of those two have to be solved in order for the industry to start having better returns, I guess, the best way to say that.
John Rice: We feel that we have a cost advantage to the industry. And with our global market knowledge on how we sell our BioProducts, our coal products and our ability to buy an arbitraged corn, we feel -- and also with our logistics, that we feel we have a better margin than the industry.
John Rice: As we see global demand keep increasing and the outlook of the crop currently looks fantastic here in the United States. Now we all know that can change. We can have a very large corn and soybean crop here in the United States. We have good wheat carryouts and with global demand increasing, yes.
John Rice: I think, the blend wall that we discussed earlier will have a big impact on that, and how quickly does the demand increase. But under these circumstances, I can't see that additional 1 billion gallons coming on right now, just because we're already producing more than the mandate. And until we can increase the usage rate of that, I just can't see that extra 1 billion gallons coming online.
John Rice: It's a joint discussion between Metabolix and us about the timing and how quickly we ramp up the plant.
John Rice: Correct. We have a sales plan going out forward and what we anticipate and we'll tweak that as time goes on, and how the plant runs and how customers are accepting the product.
John Rice: We're discussing it now. And we are going to the capital expenditures to bring that online. We're in the process of bringing on another fermenter, as we speak, here in the next six months. So we're always looking at that. But the next big step will be the next train.
John Rice: We're seeing Asia with very good growth. South America has good growth. I think, Steve mentioned also, Europe we're seeing a little bit. North America's fairly flat. But I think, just the world economies are feeling a bit better.
John Rice: Our sugar ethanol plant, we're starting the early part of the harvest now. That will start up here later part of this month, I think, or on the 17th or the 20th. Switchgrass, we're not involved with.
John Roberts: The mark-to-market losses in hedge accounting in the Corn Processing segment, was that only sweeteners and starches? Or did that affect the ethanol operations as well? It's written as only in the sweeteners and starches paragraph.
John Roberts: It just seems like a pretty big gap between the total revenue volume and what your report as processing volume.
John Roberts: I think, you've had a debate with the rating agencies about whether the potential for stock repurchase should affect whether your convert is considered more equity-like or more debt-like. Have you had any updated discussions there? I mean, you spent over $0.5 billion in reducing your debt during the quarter here. It would be nice to see some equity movement too.
