Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Case, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter call. This morning, we reported third quarter net earnings of $476 million or $0.72 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.46 per share. Segment operating profit was $606 million. The team delivered solid operating results despite the lingering effects of the 2012 U.S. drought. Oilseeds performed well, particularly in North America and in South America. Corn benefited from improved ethanol margins and ag services managed effectively through the transition to the new crop. Looking forward, as record global crop supplies refill the pipeline, we will employ our efficient network to meet strong demand from customers around the world. I'll now turn the call over to Ray.
Patricia A. Woertz: Sure, Ken. Juan covered it a bit in his comments, but let me say a little more. Certainly, conditions have improved since the third quarter, and we're proud of the way the team has capitalized on that improving business environment. So that's sort of the first thing. Any discussions about the potential sale, we don't have any news to report this quarter. It is part of our disciplined approach that we look at portfolio management and evaluate everything and take into account all of what our discussions would be. But it wouldn't be appropriate to comment on any of those discussions today, so we don't have any news about the sale.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Slide 15 does list our upcoming investor events. And as always, feel free to call Case or any of us for follow-up questions. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye now.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Ken. Juan here. The EPA has confirmed that they have made no final decision in that regard. So to comment on rumors, it would be speculative at this point. I just think about the conditions in the market right now, with the U.S. record corn crop and corn prices having declined, the economics are very strong to blend ethanol today. Between these economics to blend, Ken, the expansion of E85 and E15 blends, the surplus reins [ph] that they are carrying to 2014 and the growing exports in ethanol as corn becomes more competitive in the U.S., we are very confident in the industry's ability to meet the 2014 [ph] corn-based requirements. So we don't see major reasons for any change in policy at this point in time.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: If there were changes in policy, first, I will be highly disappointed since we've invested based on the policy and we invested it for the long term. But I will say, we continue to see export potential and that is growing. There are some experts that are talking maybe even 1 billion gallons for next year. And I think if this is a mature market in the absence of growth from the RFS, so we will manage as such and we will adjust supply and demand to maximize profitability. So we continue to expect volatility, but we are positive about margins. We continue to emphasize in a smaller market that we are at the first quartile end of the cost curve, if you will. So I think that, if you think on the long term, on a smaller potential ethanol market, it may impact the high-cost producers. And that's why I emphasized in my remarks, we continue to find opportunities to extend our cost advantage in ethanol.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, Ryan, yes. North America, as you described, had an exceptional performance this quarter. We emphasized the location of our plants to allow us to get good access to beans. But the team did an exceptional performance, running a very, very tight environment. Demand was very steady on a domestic basis, very strong on an export perspective. So we took full advantage of that. Obviously, run rates of our oilseeds were relatively lower than other quarters, but margins expanded. So I think we managed that combination very, very well. When you look at South America, we had a very strong quarter, mostly driven by origination, the corn exports and all that. As you know, our ag services business or our origination business reports under oilseeds in South America, and that's what you saw there. From a crushing perspective, the environment, as we look at Europe, even China or North America, Northern Hemisphere is strong. We expect it to be strong on a steady domestic supply in the -- domestic demand in the U.S. and as I said, a strong export meal market for probably the next 2 quarters. So we are -- we continue to be bullish about our soybeans business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Okay. Europe was -- is, as you said before, is a rapeseed market basically. We had higher raw material costs that impacted us in Europe, and a little bit of the soybean mill coming from South America put some pressure on that. But in reality, when you look -- compared to the previous year, Europe had a very good quarter. So in general, we enjoy good margins there. Going back to your original question about the customers, we see, as I said before, solid domestic demand. Customers are gaining back into profitability, and they seem to be having good prospects into the future. So we see our pipeline for continued good demand here in North America. As I said, probably until we start running out of beans, maybe Q2, Q3 next year, we see strong margins.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So when we look at the situation in sweeteners going forward, we see there are some headwinds, as you described. Mexico is going to have a big sugar crop, a record sugar crop that has dropped prices. And also, there are these soda tax that you described. It's difficult -- first of all, the tax is not a law yet, but it's difficult to estimate the impact that will have. We don't know exactly how it's going to impact one-serving eat [ph] items, if that's going to apply or not. And also, you have to remember that the soda marketing people are very good price managers, and I'm sure they're going to position price correctly to minimize the impact. There are some estimates -- or they are saying maybe a 5% drop in consumption. It is a speculation at this point in time. But so those are the headwinds, if you will. The tailwind, to look at it on the other side, is that our corn prices are much lower, so our products are much more competitive. And that's going to narrow some of the gap to sugar in certain parts of the world. So we're still positive about getting volumes as planned, maybe a little bit of a headwind, as you described, but I would remain very positive. This has been a relatively stable business for us, and we've been delivering volumes as per plan, so far.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, yes. Cornell, I agree with you. If we look at the evolution of E15 and E85, E15 implementation, the implementation of those blends is coming slower than expected, and there are obviously issues of infrastructure there and convincing of people to switch. When we look at E85, we've seen a completely different picture there. We have already approximately 3,200 stations dispensing E85 these days. I get frequent reports -- there was a week, I think, in September where maybe something like 20, 25 work -- new stations started to dispense E85. E85 allows to, when people price it correctly, to get the full impact of the advantage that corn brings here to the table. At -- in some places, it's priced at about $1 under E10 mixture. So we see that as a really positive for us to get to the number. As I said before, there are 1 billion D6 RINs going into next year. There is E85 growth, as I said, in these 3,200 stations. When we look at the numbers of how much volume or how many gallons these E85 could represent for us, if people would price E85 low enough to entice conversion, perhaps as much as 3 billion gallons over the next 2 years could be there. So if you start thinking of potentially 1 billion gallons of exports, 1 billion RINs for next year and maybe 1 billion gallons of E85 over time, we feel very confident that we can deliver it on those numbers.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Farha, this is Juan. Yes, the business was strong on seasonality. And we have, especially on the food side of it, was a strong demand. And we have an exceptional team. They execute very, very well. So all in all, a very, very solid performance. Sometimes we underestimate or undermention them just because they are so solid that they continue to deliver very good business for us.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, you gave already an excellent picture, Farha. This is Juan. Listen, the way we look at this is obviously, a big crop will present with -- to ADM and to ag services, an excellent opportunity to fully utilize all our assets, our fixed assets, our transportation assets, and we will work to maximize that over the several quarters. We're probably going to have a full year ahead of us of high profits for ag services. Whether they all fall in the fourth quarter or not, I mean it will depend on how do we execute based on maximizing opportunities. There may be different market situations that make us -- that some of those profits overspill into Q1 or some different situations, market conditions that make those profits to fall into Q4. I think we focused on maximizing the long term, the year, if you will, in that sense, profits for the shareholders. So don't hold us too tight on Q4 in that sense. The crop is just being harvested. It's probably 80% corn and -- 80% soybean and 60% corn. So there's still a lot of decisions that need to be made by the farmer in terms of marketing their grains and whether the market is going to put more carry or not. So at this point in time, we are excited. We've seen in Q3 already September volumes, export volumes and also transportation occupancy rates coming up significantly. So it's a good preview into what could be a strong Q4. Whether it's going to be a record Q4 or some of that will be in 2014, we'll have to see, depending on the market conditions.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. There are a lot of vehicles out there, obviously, that can use this fuel, so a lot will depend on we don't have that power to price it correctly, and I said that before. We have seen -- the number of stations dispensing E85 is growing every week, which is a very good sign that this is a profitable business and a growing business for the owners. Obviously, as I said before, it could be priced $1 or more advantage already, then that will drive more consumption. There are today 240,000 vehicles on the road today that can consume this.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, 14,000 -- sorry, 14,000 flex fuel vehicles. So again, I think the issue will depend all on how effectively can you price it. I think making a forecast on how quickly can it grow, it could be dangerous not having the tool of pricing. But we feel that there is -- that the vehicle -- there are the number of vehicles have dared to have that kind of impact. So again, we were thinking of something about 3 billion gallons over the next 2 years. And I know -- I don't know exactly how we're going to ramp up 1 year -- in the first year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Certainly the biggest impact will be in the ag services business. The ag services business did a fantastic job last year of adjusting their variable cost to a smaller crop. But to a big extent, they are a fixed-cost business since we have all the infrastructure already built. So if you figure that volumes in the U.S. handled by our footprint may be in the range of over 20% bigger than previous year, you could have that kind of dilution of our fixed cost. So we believe there's going to be a big margin expansion in that, and -- but again, it will be that compounded with some of the dislocations and the market opportunities that the industry will present. So every year, we tend to make money in a different way, and we have an exceptional team that can adapt to do that. So we are very optimistic in having a very pronounced increase in profit in ag services by -- for 2014.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: I think -- listen, it's a little bit early. As I said, we only have September as a sample of this. So we would like to see how the harvest concludes and how the farmer reacts to this before making a commitment.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So what you're referring is the porcine epidemic virus. Obviously, it's not a new virus, it's just new in the U.S. And we have had some reports of some cases in Iowa. At this point in time, not huge. This is all about prevention. There's no vaccine against this virus. So it's all about disinfecting and cleaning. Obviously, there's no human issue. There's no repercussion in their ability to use the protein as food. It just kills the small -- the baby pigs. But we haven't seen -- other than some reports, we haven't seen any impact in meal at this point in time. Whether it's going to come later on, it will depend on how well, again, the producers sanitize and have early detection of some of these viruses. But not -- other than some circumstantial reports, nothing significant at this point.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Well, you said it. Biodiesel, we saw good margins this quarter. We've seen even better conditions in Q4, as people try to take advantage of the credit before it expires. We can't comment on what's going to happen next year. The government hasn't issued any ruling yet. And just a reminder that last year, they issued the ruling late, but it was retroactive. So it could happen again this year. Obviously, biodiesel needs of that, so margins will be different if that doesn't happen. On meal demand, I think I answered Farha before about -- we see this very solid demand in -- domestically and very strong in exports. We're even exporting a lot of the DDGs as well to China. So we continue to be very bullish about long term and higher increase in protein consumption. So all very much along the trends that we have seen and they continued to deliver. We continue to grow into the global crushing capacity because demand continues to be there quarter after quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: We prepared for last year, maybe we were not prepared for the huge inverse that enticed the farmers to try to sell all at the peak of that inverse at the same time. So we continue to prepare. We are renewing some of our facilities, enlarging some others. We -- you heard us before. We are building this port in the northern part of Brazil to make sure that not all the crop needs to go through the Port of Santos, and we alleviate a little bit of that. The port is waiting for some permitting, but we are gearing up to be ready for the next harvest. That will be maybe 1 million tons of handling capacity at the beginning, in -- 3 million tons when it's completely up and running. So yes, we continue to invest. I think all the industry every year does that. Every year, production seems to grow a little bit faster than what the industry can add infrastructure to, but we continue to be committed to it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Tim. It has impacted us positively, absolutely, as it reduced the competition from these 2 sources. So overall, it's a positive for ADM. We don't produce biodiesel in Argentina, and we are certainly a producer in Europe. So it's a positive for us, yes.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, we are. I described it before. It's a very solid business. We have positions in North America, but also in Central America, very good businesses for us. If anything, what we've been investing is in more efficiency, so shutting down sometimes old facilities or consolidating 2 or 3 facilities into a new one. So we continued to be there to supply our customers and to follow on their growth.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. One of the ways, as I said -- first of all, obviously, we are continuing to strengthen all our storage, our rails, our tracking contracts to make sure that we deal with that a little bit more effectively than we did last year. We are also, as we look at -- into the year and a year with more plentiful crops everywhere, we expect, as I said, to have less the -- less of an impact of the inverse like we had last year. And we think that, that -- last year, it was a combination. It was a little bit of a late harvest. It kind of came a little bit on top of -- one on top of another. So then there was a rush to sell a bit at the peak of the inverse. We expect some of those conditions may be different next year. So when you combine with being able to move some of the crop through the north in our port in Belém, with less of an impact of an inverse and a little bit of better infrastructure in Santos, all that combination, hopefully, will make the situation a little bit better than this year. But there's still going to be lines. We've been seeing lines for many, many years. So we just think that it will not be -- the big issue there was maybe last year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think that exports in the U.S. typically have been in the maybe 2 billion bushel range and decreased significantly last year. We expect them to come back some this year, maybe not to the level of historically. And we benefit from exports, but we also benefit from a variety of other ways, whether it's supporting our local demand here of handling, drying, storing crops at origins, if we develop big carries, we make money from that as well. So not only exports drive our ag services business. And we have also a big international merchandising business that is there to move products outside the U.S. So we are not tied exclusively to the U.S. success in exports for us to make money in ag services.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Diane, this is Juan. Yes, we've seen early reports from the field that the crop seems to be larger than expected. So we're thinking about 14 billion bushels for corn and something in the range of 3.2 billion for soybeans, probably with a little bit more variances from area to area in soybeans that -- in terms of yield. But in general, very positive results and very positive samplings from our people on the field.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. As I described before, there are some headwinds in the Mexico side. Our volumes have been slightly lower than last year, but it's still above average. So we still have good, tight capacity utilization. So we're in the middle of that negotiation. So I will -- not going to -- I'm not going to say much. But I will say, we have a big capacity of shifting some of the product mix. So we have many, many products coming from these. And every year, we look at how to allocate that volume to maximize value, and part of these negotiations go into that exercise as well.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, this is Juan. We expect, as we go into Q4, a lower driving season and more ethanol -- more corn available for ethanol producers. So we expect pressure in our margins as we go into Q4. '14, as I said, there's going to be this increase in production at the same time that corn prices go down and ethanol becomes more internationally competitive. So it's going to be a climb in exports. And because those things never happen at the perfect timing, you're going to see volatility. But overall, we are positive '14 probably seen some pressure in margins in Q4.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, biodiesel is a good option for us to divert part of the oil. Oil inventories had been drawn down during the past quarter, so they are not very big. And edible oil consumption continues to be very good. But certainly, it will be a negative if the subsidy is not renewed.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Eric, we've been waiting for this situation for quite a while. So I would say, the team is ready. The assets have been maintained and the team is excited about executing on that environment. The environment is favorable at this point.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: That's a good observation. Our team in -- our origination team in Brazil is very strong and they have delivered like -- in quarters like these, very strong performance. And also, our operations in the Black Sea area are also very strong. So I feel very good about our ability to export from those regions if the U.S. is not competitive.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: This summer was an unusual summer in which -- when I was talking about our volumes, it's also our, in general, year-to-date volumes. But the summer was a cool and wet summer at the beginning, which reduced the consumption. And I think you heard our customers also reporting lower sales. And then it picked up a bit later into the summer. We also have -- regarding your comment on the profitability, we have some asset write-offs that impacted that segment. So it's not all volume. But I would say, we -- as we look into next year, as I mentioned before, we see some headwinds in terms of our export to Mexico, either the tax or the big sugar crop that they are having over there. And we will have to see what our cost position becomes after corn settles for the next year and see how competitive we are. As I said before, we have many tools. We have many products that we use to compete for our grind. And we have an incredible good commercial and logistics network going into Mexico that makes us very, very competitive and good -- a very good supplier there. So we face the prospect of next year with cautious optimism, I would say.
