Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. This morning, we reported first quarter net earnings of $269 million or $0.41 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.48 per share. Segment operating profit was $630 million. As expected, this was a challenging quarter, with Agricultural Services negatively impacted by the ongoing effects of last summer's U.S. drought.  In Oilseeds, our earnings were reduced by the challenges in Brazil and also by depressed margins in cocoa. Our ethanol business improved as declining inventory supported overall industry margins, and we began to see positive results from the actions we've been taking to improve the profitability of that business.  We continue to manage through tight U.S. stocks of oilseeds and grains until the North America harvest. Demand for our products remains solid, and we will continue to leverage our global origination and processing network to serve the needs of our customers worldwide. Earlier this afternoon, we announced that we completed our due diligence and intent to acquire GrainCorp. Following Ray and Juan's update on the quarter, I'll come back a few more -- with a few more details and provide some information on the process for that transaction. Now I'll turn the call over to Ray. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, as you know, we did some confirmatory due diligence. So I think the combination of what you have noted or what can be noted from the AUD 3.4 billion of the transaction value and what we have paid per share, we look at the EBITDA forecasted with their 2013. And looking forward to 2014, I think it's reasonable to expect the $0.20 to $0.30 per share that, that math would come out to. We, of course, haven't closed the deal yet. It's a long way off. We're looking forward to spending time on it in greater detail. But again, I think with accounting work to do and the closing ahead of us, I think that's a high-level number that's probably not out of line. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, we feel good that we've planned for this. So the filings and the work underway on the time chart to get filings in place for all of the transaction, our advisors have it in progress. I don't think we can speak to the specifics of Chinese approval at this time, and we look forward to making that happen as quickly and smoothly as possible. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, one thing I can say, Vincent, is that when we modeled and looked at this opportunity, we really took into account the long range and the over multiple year crop conditions and earnings forecast. We realized they've had strong years and less than strong years. And actually, there was the outlook going forward by many analysts. So the consensus is that, that would come down over time. They also have some improvements planned. So I think it's more about what we can do together once we have closed on the deal. We feel confident that they can reach their earnings to pay out their dividend or they feel confident about that. That's the indication from their board. And I think it's about going forward in 2014 once we have the opportunity to reach the synergies, to assess more in detail, more than a week's worth of due diligence but assess in detail what every thing it is we can do. 
Patricia Woertz: I don't think so. I'm not sure I'm reading the same thing you are because we're seeing expansion. Maybe if you expand what you think is Australasia to North Africa to where some of the grains go even farther West from just North of Australia, there's been some significant -- there's been growth year-on-year. Going forward, I think we have thoughts about integration in some of our already positioned imports into Asia, imports to China and so forth. And that's probably part of what we kind of talked about in that overall strategy. 
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll take that, Mike. The -- first of all, I don't believe the RFS will be repealed. And while there is a lot of noise around this and many other subjects in Washington, if you kind of peer through it, it is a federal law. It would take agreement between House, Senate, President to change or repeal the law. We continue to feel confident about informing and educating lawmakers about the many benefits and the impacts of continued and enhanced ethanol use. So I think it stayed the course, and that's how I see it in Washington. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, I'll take that one, Diane. If you think about our $1 billion that we were planning to spend in 2013, we've talked about it being 50% -- over 50% outside the U.S. and, particularly, in Ag Services and Oilseeds, which GrainCorp fits, but we did not include large acquisitions like this in that number. In the same token, if you think about it, since this is mostly in our Ag Services and Oilseeds area, we're taking even a further look at the pipeline of those investments. We're happy with what we've done, both last year and up through this year. But that team is going to think forward around integration and the good opportunities that come with the acquisition. So there may be a little bit of scaling back in the next opportunity in those 2 areas. But I think we can stick under that $1 billion and still find some great opportunity and returns within the GrainCorp acquisition. 
Patricia Woertz: All right, good. Well, thank you, all, for joining us today, particularly at this late hour. Slide 18 does list our upcoming investor events. And as always, feel free to follow up with Ruth Ann if you have any questions. I really thank you for your time and continued interest in ADM. Bye now. 
Ray Young: Okay. Thanks, Pat. Slide 5 provides some financial highlights for the quarter, which I'll run through briefly. Quarterly segment operating profit was $630 million, down from last year's strong $918 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 28%, slightly down from our tax rate in the quarter last year. Earnings per share were $0.41 on a fully diluted basis compared to last year's $0.60. And our adjusted earnings were $0.48 per share compared to last year's $0.78 per share. In the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported earnings to adjusted earnings for the periods ending March 31. For this quarter, we had a LIFO inventory charge of $34 million or $0.03 per share. In addition, we established a reserve of $0.04 per share for the future settlement of the FCPA matter that we have previously disclosed in our 10-Qs and 10-Ks. Based upon discussions to date with various U.S. governmental regulators, we felt we had sufficient information to establish a reserve in this quarter. In our LIFO adjusted 4-quarter trailing return on invested capital of 5.1% was 30 basis points below our WACC of 5.4%. Excluding specified items, our adjusted 4-quarter trailing ROIC of 5.5% was above our WACC by about 10 basis points. Our spread of ROIC over WACC was lower this quarter compared to the prior quarter due to weaker earnings. Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. Juan will talk about the business segment results in his update. Let me touch on a few items of significance in the corporate line. I mentioned LIFO earlier, a charge of $34 million for the quarter due to the impact of increasing commodity prices during the quarter on our inventory valuation compared to a charge of $107 million a year ago; interest expense of $105 million for the quarter, lower than prior year, due to the lower net debt levels. Allocated corporate expenses of $82 million were up from the $67 million level a year ago. We incurred some onetime costs associated with our fiscal year-end changes and related systems changes and some additional project costs. The other of $34 million is primarily related to the $25 million provision we booked in the quarter to cover potential assessments relating to a previously disclosed FCPA matter dating back to 2008 and earlier. Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 7. We present here the cash flow statement for the quarter ending March 31, 2013 compared to the same period the prior year. We generated $0.4 billion from operations before working capital changes in the quarter compared to $0.5 billion last year. Working capital changes were neutral to our cash flows this quarter compared to a large use of cash last year. Now normally in this quarter, working capital is a use of cash due to large payments we make to American farmers in the month of January. So we think we had good results in working capital management this quarter, even with these large payments.  Total capital spending for the quarter was $248 million. We are tracking towards a $1 billion capital spending level this calendar year. After changes in working capital and investments, our free cash flow was positive $100 million for the quarter compared to a large use of cash of $1.1 billion last year. We did not repurchase stock for the quarter, pending the resolution of the GrainCorp transaction and our discussions with the rating agencies. We finished out the quarter with average shares outstanding of 662 million shares on a fully diluted basis. Slide 8 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of March 31. For comparison, we also show the balance sheet as of March 31, 2012. Cash on hand was approximately $1.6 billion, up from the $400 million level the prior year. Our operating working capital was about $13.6 billion, down from the $15 billion level last year despite commodity prices slightly higher. We are continuing to see the benefits of our focus on working capital.  Total debt was about $8.9 billion, resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash of $7.2 billion, down significantly from the March 31, 2012 net debt balance of $9.1 billion. The $7.2 billion net debt balance is the same level as where we closed on December 31, 2012. Our shareholders' equity of $19 billion is about $0.5 billion higher from the level last year, and our ratio of net debt to total capital, excluding cash from gross debt, is 28%, much improved from the March 31, 2012 level of 33%. So we are reducing leverage and maintaining a strong balance sheet.  We had $6.3 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of March. So with our $1.6 billion of cash balances, we've had about $8 billion of available liquidity at the end of the quarter. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter. 
Ray Young: It's Ray here. We've been studying this thing in the past. In the past, the ethanol assets weren't eligible specifically for an MLP, but I guess we're going to, again, look at studying it and look at the opportunities to see whether it makes sense. 
Ray Young: Yes, Ken. Again, we're committed towards mitigating the impact of the remaining dilution on these equity units, about 14 million more shares we need to repurchase. The timing, we're working through it. As you know, in terms of our -- some of our credit metrics, especially the debt-to-EBITDA metrics, due to just weaker earnings, we've got -- we had some weaker metrics. The GrainCorp transaction, we believe we can easily finance the transaction. But we do need to kind of work through the next couple of quarters in terms of getting the earnings power up and our metrics up. But again, we feel confident that we will mitigate this impact, maybe not by the end of this calendar year, but over the next couple of years, we will mitigate that impact. 
Ray Young: One way to think about it is, clearly, the impact of the drought is having an impact on our earnings for the purposes of the ratio there. As Juan indicated, we'll probably have more pressure going through the second quarter. But I'm pretty confident that as we kind of move through the rest of the calendar year, assuming we got a normal harvest in the United States, we should see our earnings power being restored. We're actually doing a very, very good job on our invested capital base. By the way, when you take a look at our invested capital base at the end of March compared to the end of December, we're actually lower. So we continue to do a good job on both the cost, the cash and the capital side. We'll continue to work through that over the next quarters. And so when we start having earnings recovery associated with getting to more normal U.S. crop conditions, as well as seeing the full benefit of recovery in terms of the ethanol margins, I'm confident that our spread of ROIC over WACC will improve. 
Ray Young: Yes. As you know, we've stated that our return objectives for this company is to earn 200 basis points over our weighted average cost of capital. As we look at this transaction, look at our estimates of earnings and as we look at the role of the synergies over the next 3 years, that's how we're estimating that we will achieve a return objectives by year 3. 
Ray Young: We will be going through an updated planning process. As we move into the fall, we will incorporate GrainCorp into the planning process. And based upon that, we will come up with an updated assessment as to what our capital spending plan will be going forward. 
Ray Young: Rob, let me take the first one, and Juan will take the second one. Just to be clear on the $44 million, this is actually related to an accounting hedge ineffectiveness. And so just for background, Rob, if you recall back in '10 and '11, we saw a lot of volatility in our sweeteners and starches line related on hedging. And so we changed the approach towards hedging by actually designating the hedges in order to obtain cash flow hedge accounting treatment. So in effect, by matching up our hedges to our corn requirements for the different sweetener contracts, we're able to defer gains and losses on these hedges and match it up with the actual contracts. There are situations when the cash and the futures prices diverge or, stated another way, the basis moves. And when that occurs, the accounting treatment actually requires that when ineffectiveness occurs, then you have to recognize this gain or loss in the current period income. So one way to think about this, Rob, is the fact that this $44 million charge really represents an acceleration of some impacts from the future into current period. And this will reverse itself out in the future, either through the hedge becoming effective again or through just economically, we'll be purchasing corn at a more advantageous price relative to where we thought. So stated another way, we should see this impact reverse itself out over the course of the rest of the calendar year. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Farha, this is Juan here. I think margins continue to be good at this point in time. Obviously, when margins are good for a period of time, some of the capacity may come back, so that's why we are calling the volatility. But I think we've seen the market reaction that we predicted in the previous quarter. And now, at the moment, they are healthy margins. 
Juan Luciano: I will describe that the biggest impact was probably South America. I think North America was a little bit down in softseeds but offset by the good performance in Europe. I think South America was the biggest impact. And in South America was probably 50-50 between the origination business, if you will, the farmer not selling and the trucking impact in the transportation of that. So part of that will not come back, which is the trucking extra costs. Part of that will come back when the sellers sell. So... 
Juan Luciano: Yes. We share on your view there, Ryan. I think there are like 2 billion RINs available to carry into 2013. When we make the forecast for RINs available to carry into 2014, we get under 1 billion. So I think that -- we believe that E15, E85 will be needed to fulfill the mandate. So we are optimistic about our view of the '13, '14, '15 time frame for ethanol. We think that there's going to be a healthy supply-demand balance for the industry. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. I'm not sure I'm going to quantify it, Ryan. But I will say, yes, that they need to -- they're going to be higher. I think that we have expanded our earnings power through all the work that we have done in capital discipline and cost and cash. And you will see that when we have a normalized crop running through our asset base. 
Juan Luciano: David, Juan here. I think you've heard me say in the previous call that first quarter and second quarter will be progressively worse. And so you are correct in terms of Ag Services. Until we're going to have a new crop, we will struggle with the lack of volume. It's like a fixed cost business, if you will, in that sense. So in Oilseeds, we're going to see the shift to South America. And obviously, our footprint is bigger in North America than in South America. So from an earnings perspective, that also is an impact. So we expect second quarter to be a difficult quarter for us. Third quarter will depend on planting harvest and all that. So we are, though, very pleased with our -- the startup of our Paraguay plant. The plant performed very, very well in South America. And actually, from a profit perspective, although it's hidden in a lot of the moving parts, it actually performed above expectations in the first quarter. So we are pleased with our investments in that sense. 
Juan Luciano: I don't remember exactly the math, but it's not a huge number. We believe that with E85 and maybe 15%, 20% or something like that of penetration of E15, we think. But don't quote, I may have to get back to you on that. It's quoting from memory. I don't remember exactly the math. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. During January and March period, the grindings exceeded consumption. And -- so if you look at the overall world, we were coming from a period in which we couldn't produce enough powder to satisfy growing demand. And there was a slowdown to that. And with the change in price direction, everybody is starting a destocking. So I would say, underlying demand is recovering, although it's an early recovery. But it's mostly a slowdown and destocking of the industry. So we think it's probably going to be impacted for this quarter and the next in that sense, until we will resume the more tight supply-demand balance. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ann, I think the trucking is the most difficult. We couldn't hedge that. And I think that there were a couple of issues in the environment that may be -- that were difficult to anticipate. I think the corn export were longer and extended into February and, to a certain degree, collided also with the soybeans exports. I think that there was a new truck legislation in South America that restricted daily trucker work journey. And the thing with that transport companies, we're able to pass those cost increases in terms of higher tariffs. So the situation is getting a little bit better, but it still continues. And I think we will continue into June, July at this point. 
Juan Luciano: Sure. This is Juan. The mulching business appeared to be a very well-run global business at GrainCorp. And if you see the earning generation and the cash flow has been very steady. So we would like to really get to know the business better over the future months. As I said, we have a weak exposure to this company. And, again, this looks like a very well-run global business. So we will take a look at it. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. It is better mostly because of delays in South American export in meals. So I think they have less competition in that sense. So I think that eventually, it's going to catch up and North -- South America will normalize the export of meals, and then it will revert back a little bit. But at this point, it was a good quarter for Europe oilseeds, especially soybean. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Diane. This is Juan. We're mostly done with our contracting, and we expect that from that perspective, our resulting margins will be in line with 2012. 
Juan Luciano: The business did a very thorough review in December. And we continue with our energy efficiency, and we continue to improve our operations from a cost perspective. But that continues to accrue every quarter. We look at things like terminals. We look at the logistics. So it was an overall review of the business, inclusive of turning down some of the capacity. So I would say, a part of that was market recovery, and part of that, we have gotten better. And you will see that incorporated in 2013 results going forward. 
Craig Huss: David, this is Craig. First of all, we've had a couple of things happen. With -- we've obviously ended the drought, and we're very wet, which is -- which has -- with the wet, we have much more opportunity going forward on a grain crop. We are delayed a couple of weeks. But as you know, where the corn will mature on degree days of temperature, so it's a time period, we will be very tight, we'll have to manage margins. But we've done an awful lot of work in that area, and we'll just have to let the markets play themselves out. 
Craig Huss: Rob, on the second part of your question -- this is Craig. I would say that as we talked about earlier on the grain, we are going to add dislocations, as we have a little bit later harvest. We consider that problem a core competency of ADM. We have the railcars. We have contracts with all the major railroads. It will be difficult for people to perform in that environment, but we did it in '05, we did it last year and we'll do it again this summer and fall. 
Craig Huss: There is capacity, I'd say, but we have the asset base. I mean, when it comes to railcars and barges, and -- it's a core competency. We've made huge investments in them. And where those may be -- we can pull them from 1 area and put them in another. As I say, we've done that in every other inverse, and we've certainly got plans in place, both barge- and rail-wise to monitor and handle that situation. 
