Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.42. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $573 million. Global dynamics reduced margins across the U.S. agricultural export sector, the U.S. ethanol industry, and in the soybean crushing industry worldwide. Challenging market conditions continued in the first quarter, particularly affecting Ag Services. Low U.S. export volumes and weak margins continued and in the quarter poor results from the Global Trade Desk impacted results for Ag Services. Results for corn improved compared to the first quarter one year ago, led by strong performance in sweeteners and starches. For Oilseeds, global protein demand remains solid. However first-quarter results were impacted by weak global crush margins, WFSI results were in line with expectations. So, while our adjusted ROIC was below WACC on a four-quarter trailing average basis, we expect to be above WACC for the full year. We continue to take actions to mitigate the impact of near-term market conditions. During the quarter, we continued to advance our strategic plan. We acquired a controlling stake in Harvest Innovations, enhancing ADM's plant protein, gluten-free ingredients portfolio. We announced the purchase of a corn wet mill in Morocco that will further expand our global sweeteners footprint. We opened our new state-of-the-art flavor creation, application and customer innovation center in Cranbury, New Jersey. And as part of our ongoing portfolio management efforts, we reached an agreement to sell our Brazilian sugarcane ethanol operations. In addition, we achieved almost $50 million of run-rate savings in the quarter and remain on track to meet our $275 million target by the end of the calendar year. We repurchased about $300 million of shares in the quarter and paid dividends of about $200 million as we continue to execute on our balanced capital allocation framework. The first-half of the year continues to present a challenging environment. However, we are cautiously optimistic that reduced South American soybean and corn production could bring improved soybean crush margins and merchandising opportunities in the second-half of the year. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard progress later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. If you'll recall, Evan, at our last earnings call we provided a scenario for the year and if I compare that scenario versus what we see today, I will say that in Ag Services, given the tough start of the year and probably a similar Q2 to the Q1, we are less optimistic about Ag Services' overall results for 2016. In corn, what we said that we will see improvement in 2016 over 2015, we are even more confident about that given the strength of our sweeteners and starches and how the year is evolving. If you look at the Oilseeds, we said that Oilseeds, we were expecting a down year versus the strong 2015, and we still expect that, but as you described, we are more optimistic about the second half of the year given some of the tightness in South America. In WFSI, we continue to be excited about the future of that business and we continue to be in line with our previous forecast of growing 15% to 20% year-over-year. So, I will say, in general, we see the year similar to the last time, maybe a little bit better given these puts and takes.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. I would say couple of reasons. You're correct. We had a couple of days of very strong farmer selling as the board rallied. We're seeing that and we're seeing with the dollar stabilizing or weakening a little bit with regards to the other currencies, U.S. becoming a little bit more competitive. Well our cautious look to Q2, Ann, is mostly on Ag Services, because when we think about it, part of that is, second quarter is traditionally our lower export volume. South America becomes more competitive with the harvest and in general, our exports, even in good times, they tend to drop about 20% from Q1 to Q2, so they become – Q2 is the low margin. But also, even if exports will increase a little bit, there is still ample capacity and we don't foresee a big pickup in margins even if exports climb from this depressed level. So, we want to be mindful that, it may look a little bit better volume into Q2, it may not be reflected completely in significant pickup in margins for us. That's our view at the moment, Ann.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. The team continues, Farha, to analyze that. I mean, we made progress in terms also, carving out financials, getting an advisor and so, they are working on that. We, obviously, are going to manage the timing of that to maximize value for ADM in all these options. So, at this point, we have nothing else to announce other than we continue to make good progress. We're getting closer to make a decision on that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: As I said before, I think, margins have – inventories have being reduced over the quarter and margins have improved a little bit. So, we will expect it to be profitable, yes, at this point, David.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. We look at export markets continue to be strong. We've seen exports to China continues to be strong. Other than the traditional destination, there has been a significant growth versus last year of China and domestic demand is probably up in the range of may be 2% to 3% for the year. So, when you take domestic demand plus strong exports, we are thinking something in the range of 15 billion gallons and maybe we think that capacity piece is slightly above 15 billion gallons. So, I think a lot will be determined by the strengths of this driving season we are going to be heading into now with the summer and how some of the producers react. I think that you have seen some of the shutdowns mostly due to planned maintenance in anticipation of the driving season, that has cleaned up part of the inventory backlog that we have built over this year, but we're still above 4% higher than inventories of last year. So, although we are getting better at that, there is still a significant amount of product that's there and that's why we've been a little bit more cautious. We continue to run for margins and trying to optimize our operations and we will continue to do so. But we saw the development of second quarter as a positive one versus how we started the year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So, David, I just mentioned that normally when these crush margins expand like the way they did, we normally take a negative mark-to-market in that quarter. So, I was just saying from your modeling purposes, if you will, it is a positive development for us, for the rest of the year, so we feel good about it. Maybe I didn't express myself with the right amount of enthusiasm about it. It's obviously a positive for us. It's just in the short-term, I want to make sure you remember that we normally take a negative mark-to-market to that and we still don't know the magnitude of that. That is obviously evolving. But I will say, as I said in my initial remarks, we are more optimistic now than we were at the beginning of the year about the forecast for Oilseeds for the rest of the year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: David, to give you some reference, when we said in the strategy that we count on $0.10 of accretion every year, so last year, when the run rate savings were about in the $220 million, $250 million, the actual savings for the year were about $90 million. So, if you think that this year we are planning $275 million depending on how these projects are implemented, but you think about half of that or something in the range $100 million to $120 million, that's where they should land for this year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Rob on the lysine front, there are market conditions that there is overcapacity in that industry, but then the results were also aggravated with some problems that we had in our own operations. We have addressed those through a project that we're implementing. That project will be on-stream by late Q3. So, we're going to see from our own self-help, better forecast for results for lysine in the second half. And then, we were encouraged by some of the price increases we have seen. So, we think that the impact of negative lysine economics in the second half will be less than in the first half. I can't quantify whether it's going to be positive at this point in time, it depends on the project we're implementing, but significantly better than what the first half will be.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No. What I was referring, Rob, was that the elevation margins, the export margins are a function of the capacity utilization of the export terminals, if you will, and there is still export capacity available in the U.S. So, what I was cautioning is that a small increase in export volumes may not create an exponential increase in the margins. So, I just wanted to cautious on that that it will not be a big multiplier effect. First of all, you need to fill the capacity, and since we are coming from very depressed levels, it will take a while. So, we are encouraged by the more competitiveness of U.S. exports and we expect that that will flow through our normal market share of that, we just don't expect a significant improvement in Q2. We expect Ag Services probably to have a better scenario after Q3, after we have the strong potential U.S. harvest.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, Michael, sure. Traditionally, given the corn business is the business with the biggest plants and the biggest units, that's where most of the work tend to happen. So, I will normally think that between 50% and 60% of all our savings should show in the corn segment. You have to understand though that part of these savings are related to energy savings and obviously, with low energy prices, some of that shifted a little bit versus maybe what they used to be a couple of years ago. There is a lot going on also in terms of optimization of logistics. There is better software now that we can use to reduce shipments, to reduce storage, so. And then there is the issue, the contribution of purchasing. And I will say the contribution of purchasing in reduced raw material costs and consolidation of supply and SKUs, that normally shows in Oilseeds and in corn where they both buy chemicals. So, I would say the operational, 50%, 60% in corn, the rest is probably a split between corn and Oilseeds, with the smallest part going to Ag Services, which is mostly a storage business, have less opportunities to improve cost of operations.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. It's because they are all related to projects that some of them imply some spending. So, yes, normally they ramp up over the year. So, it's more second half loaded. Also, in the first half, we normally take most of the non-discretionary investments. So, the maintenance we do in our plants in the first half. So, a lot of the activity of operations and engineering in the first half is mostly to maintain the plants. So, the projects to improve, they tend to happen later in the year as we give priority to the maintenance plants.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Michael, we are very proud of our acquisition of WILD Flavors. Think about this, I think, a lot of people have doubt how a specialty company like WILD Flavors will be handled by a perceived commodity company like ADM. And we are very proud to say that, in the first year of operations, WILD Flavors actually had all-time record profit. So, I mean, we think that the integration went very, very well. We provided a great home and we have assimilated all that talent and that we are very happy working together. You have to realize that that unit, that end up being WFSI, went through a lot last year. It was their first year of operations and they not only had to integrate WILD with specialty ingredients, but also they need to integrate SCI, they need to integrate Eatem Foods, and now they are integrating Harvest Innovation. So, we're creating something for the future, a long-term powerhouse in terms of ingredients and natural food and beverage, but in the mean time, we are delivering on the quarterly results on our goal. So, if you think about cost synergies, when we thought at the beginning they were going to be around $40 million, we're talking now about $70 million and revenue synergies are also going very well. So, we really feel very good. We still believe we're going to hit our three-year target for ROIC for the business and the business should grow revenue in the range of about 5% to 6% per year. We're thinking growing profits in 15%, 20% for WFSI. So, we feel very good about that. But again, I just want to make sure people are reminded, we're building this for the future. There are a lot of things that we're bringing on stream. We're bringing a Fibersol plant on stream right now, we're bringing a huge vegetable protein complex in Brazil. More than $200 million of expense, many units of operations, so all that bring a lot of noise to the P&L because we have commissioning costs, we have all those things. So – but we're just very happy the way the team is delivering and the way the customers are reacting to that, so.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. I think, as you described, we had probably over the last, I don't know, month, a little bit of a better news that may potentially impact Oilseeds and potentially Ag Services in that sense. And probably maybe the thing that just happened recently, but I'm less sure the sustainability of it is maybe the ethanol margin improvement because it was really an event in which a lot of the industry plants took maintenance shutdowns in preparation for the driving season. Are we going to go back to the previous practices in producing more than we need? Difficult for us to predict. So, I will say from a macro perspective, that's probably, Ken, the issue where I'm more cautious about. The other things, I think that we're going in the right direction and with these dislocations over time, Oilseeds and Ag Services should come back to the normal levels.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: It was not from our side, but there is a little bit more capacity in the Gulf Coast, and that plus the fact that we've been exporting less, and I think, the issue sometimes, Ken, is how those exports come, whether they come at the same time and we can expand elevation margins, or whether they come over time and in capacity or margins don't climb that much. And we had a couple of years in which we had that event and we had very big expansions on margins, and we haven't seen that recently, and again, we don't expect to see it in Q2.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No. Ken, I will say we feel very good about the high fructose corn syrup and the whole sweeteners and starches portfolio for the rest of the year, and probably I will say even for the 2017 as well, so no issues there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, Sandy. Of course, China, it's a speculation about how much product do they have, but – and when they're going to start. But certainly we feel that, over the next year, they're going to start having these auctions and bringing some of that product to the market. So certainly it could impact barley, sorghum, DDGS, some of those, and as well as corn, yeah.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. We don't foresee at this point anymore storage capacity being built. I think, also the economies of the farming, I mean, will not allow for that to happen. We don't believe that a lot of the off-farm storage have created or on the farm storage have created a problem for us. I think that the issue is that over time, especially when the development of the ethanol industry, the industry maybe didn't need as much storage, because a lot of the corn was locally consumed, if you will, by some of the ethanol plants. So, the environment in the agro-industry and Ag Services changes every year, and with that our business continue to adapt and sometimes we shift storage capacity, sometimes we shutdown storage capacity, or we move it around in the U.S. I don't think that there has been anything unusual to that to be honest.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Well, you are correct in the sense that we're still going to need some dislocations into that. My point is that we have better opportunity when the U.S. get to be a larger crop because we have our footprint, this is skewed more to our U.S. assets and North American assets. So, hopefully, if the U.S. get the dislocations and get the opportunity to export that, and we get to handle a big crop, if the crop is large and it comes early, maybe we get drying (1:02:58) income and all that. So, I was just talking from the perspective that a bigger crop is probably better for us given the skewed nature of our footprint towards North American assets.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, Paul. I mean, you mentioned it. We've seen this before and we've seen the impact that that causes to us, grain handlers and also to the farmers, and because of the import – importance of exports to American agriculture and American farmers, our policy is not to accept any commodity that contains a trait that is approved here, but not in the major markets, and we continue to do so, and I think that you heard that the industry is very aligned in that sense and it's just to protect the competitiveness of U.S. exports.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Okay. Thank you very much. So, thank you everybody for joining us today. Again, slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we'll be participating soon. So as always, please feel free to follow-up with Mark if you have any other questions. And have a good day and thank you for your interest in ADM.
Ray G. Young: Yeah. I mean, I think that as we kind of closed up the quarter, I think we indicated that Ag Services should probably be in a lower end of the three-digit range. And I think that really what happened was with the movement in prices at the end of March, a lot of our positions kind of went negative. Most of it is unrealized in nature. We think some of these are timing effects. When you think about where we ended up, like $76 million versus let's say in the low $100 million, we were maybe $30 million off, some of it's timing related, maybe a third of it's probably timing related, some of it's unrealized positions, unrealized losses. We'll probably figure out where these contracts actually settle, where the prices will end up and there were some other unique items in that variance, which are really one timers that don't expect to repeat itself. So I think, Evan, it's a mixture of a combination of various factors that kind of caused this variance here.
Ray G. Young: Yeah. It means CIP is an investment that we've had since the late 1980s. Generally, it's actually a fairly stable equity earnings that they contribute to our results and that's the reason why we never really highlight it in any of our quarterly earnings call. It just happens. Like this time around, they actually had a significant revaluation of some of the private equity investments, which resulted in really a valuation reduction that when translated to ADM equity earnings, resulted in a $50 million negative impact. I view it as a unique item, because normally, it is not a factor in our earnings. And so, while we did not exclude it from adjusted EPS, so therefore our adjusted EPS number includes the $0.08 loss. I do view it as kind of a unique factor. So, when I think about run rate of earnings for this company, I would think about it in the context of excluding the $0.08 per share.
Ray G. Young: Yeah, the way I kind of think about it, if you recall, in the fourth quarter earnings call, we indicated that the base earnings of the company had been negatively impacted by the headwinds that we've seen. So I think we outlined that probably our base with the current headwind was probably in the neighborhood of $2.30, $2.40 a share. I think that given what we've seen in the Ag Services start for the first quarter of the year and likely a continuation in the second quarter, maybe some additional pressures on this base, although as Juan indicated, there could be some upside as it relates to where Ag Services and where Oilseeds may end up in the fourth quarter with the impact of the South American harvest. And so, I guess from my perspective, Farha, I think we're in the same ballpark at this point in time. I am encouraged that in terms of the improvements, the $1 to $1.50 of earnings improvements that we're driving over the medium term, I am encouraged that we believe we're still on track for those $1 to $1.50. So, namely, the work that we're doing in terms of getting the accretion from our recent investments, getting the accretion from WILD and the synergies related to WILD, getting the benefits of the operational excellence initiatives, and as you saw, reduced share count from our capital allocation framework, which includes buying back shares. So I'm encouraged that we're on track on the $1 to $1.50 of earnings improvements over the medium term.
Ray G. Young: Yeah. I mean, just because of the timing issue, right, so roughly, half, we would say that it's been realized. But the reason why we give run rate, David, is just to – I mean that's how we kind of evaluate ourselves in terms of getting towards a – how much earnings power, operational excellence is contributing towards the company. And so, as you know, we set the objective at $275 million and so, we track it in order to determine – based upon all the initiatives that we've actually got to execute in the first quarter, what does that translate on an annualized basis. So that's the reason why we provide that number to you.
Ray G. Young: So I'll take the first one, Rob. So on other, financial was stronger than usual, a couple of reasons. I mean we actually had some strong results from our ADM investor services, I mean it's just like higher volatility in markets translates into higher volumes, and so that's been a benefit. The big one is, there was another investment that we've had over in Asia that actually had a distribution of earnings. And so, we were able to capture that in this quarter. Again, I would view that as kind of a positive. Would it be reoccurring in the future? Probably not, but it was a positive result for us in the first quarter.
Ray G. Young: Yeah. I think, Eric, some of it are mark-to-market and will reverse. Some of it will be a function of where prices are when those contracts settle.
Ray G. Young: And so, we believe we lock in at attractive rates to the extent that margins actually improve over the quarter. It just means that we have to mark that contract to market and that's the reason why, as Juan indicated, we'll take effectively a mark-to-market loss at the end of the second quarter related to our board crush hedges there. But you're right, fundamentally with an improving margin environment, it means like for the future sales that are unhedged, that's actually very positive for us and that's the reason why we're a lot more positive for the third quarter and fourth quarter...
Ray G. Young: No, it's primarily geographic mix. I mean, as you know, Eric, the United States is one of the highest tax countries in the world, and so unfortunately, with weakness in terms of U.S. ethanol margins and weakness in terms of U.S. Ag Services exports, the amount of U.S. earnings relative to our total earnings has come down and that actually results in a lower tax rate. Now, to the extent that in the back half, U.S. exports pick up dramatically beyond what we're expecting and to the extent that U.S. ethanol margins improve dramatically relative to what we expect and that could actually drive our tax rate little bit higher, but I guess, what I'm saying right now is, I think that we're going to be at a lower end of the 28% to 30% range, and maybe even slightly below that range.
Ray G. Young: Yeah. Just a reminder, I mean, this is a four quarter trailing average calculation, so if you recall, Eric...
Ray G. Young: ...so it all kind of accumulates together here. Our expectation is by the end time, we get to the end of the calendar year, we should be above our annual WACC again because our earnings will be back half towards the second half of this year, based upon our views in terms of how Ag Services, how Oilseeds and how ethanol will perform for the rest of the year.
Ray G. Young: Paul, I guess the main driver is going to be kind of volume. Traditionally for Ag Services, the Q2 is a lower volume quarter compared to Q1 and that's just simply because of – for Ag Services, the more U.S. centric nature of the footprint. And so, as Juan indicated, exports generally are 20% to 30% lower from a volume perspective, Q2 versus Q1. So even though I mean there is some macro variables out there, which would suggest that global environment may be improving. All we're saying is for Ag Services specifically, our expectation is the earnings for Q2 will be actually fairly similar to where we ended up in Q1.
Ray G. Young: Paul, I think with the recent rise in the board, you're seeing some of the farmers actually being more aggressive in terms of selling. The issue is in terms of our movement through an entire system, particularly our export system that is going to remain very weak in Q2.
Ray G. Young: Yeah, generally the Argentine farmer has been selling their corn and their wheat. And that's again a function of the fact that the export taxes had been reduced down to zero.
