Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Slide 11, please. For context as we discuss our outlook, I would like to go back to the goals and drivers we laid out at our Global Investor Day in December. We talked about the plan in which our strategic productivity and innovation actions will continue to build a better ADM and align our portfolio to meet accelerating structural demand changes driven by the enduring global trends of food security, health and well-being and sustainability and how that would drive a strong earnings trajectory over the plan horizon. What has transpired since then is that some of the market factors have reinforced and further enhanced the value proposition of our diverse product portfolio and our integrated global network of assets. This helps drive stronger-than-expected margins. So while we may see some reversion in the medium term, we now believe that margin structures are generally higher than when we have laid out in December. We are on a trajectory to deliver a very strong second half, resulting in expected full year earnings above $6.50 per share. And as Vikram said, the strong cash flows we are generating will enable us to accelerate the timing of our share repurchase program with $1 billion in repurchases in the back half of the year. As we look beyond that, we have not changed our strategy, nor our expectations of strong earnings growth and returns over our plan horizon. And as we laid out at our Global Investor Day, there are upside opportunities to our medium-term plan. But as we have already covered today, we are advancing those now and realizing higher value from them. Higher BioSolutions revenue growth, higher Health & Wellness OP contributions, the operational transformation across the enterprise, we expect these and more to add further upside in the medium term. The opportunities before us are significant. I'm proud of what our team has achieved, but I'm even more excited about what we're going to deliver tomorrow, next year and in the years to come. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben. Good question. We are maintaining our balanced capital allocation that we put together some years back. We always said that we're going to take about 30% to 40% of our free cash flow to reinvest in the business, and that's what our strategy of bolt-on and organic growth normally takes. And that will be the priority. We have exciting opportunities ahead of us. So we're going to prioritize our investment plan. But of course, we've been paying dividends for 90 years. We've been growing dividends for more than 40 years, and we will continue that. We increased dividends 8% this year. And when we're looking at our distribution, again, this 60% to 70%, whether there are strategic opportunities to do M&A or giving back to shareholders, as we said before, at this point in time, when valuations may be correcting and all that, we don't have any significant targets in front of us. Our team continue to look for bolt-ons. And given the significant strength of our cash flows, we have decided to honor that return of shareholder -- of funds to shareholders. So I would say we will maintain that balanced allocation. We are not -- in the plan when we presented in December, we were looking at the later part of the plan as we were approaching $6 to $7 per share that we will have ability to repurchase about $5 billion of that. Certainly, we will be, as I said in my initial remarks, north of $6.50 today. So some of those buybacks are accelerated to the scenario. So I would say it continues to be consistent in that regard. Is there a later part of the question I'm missing or forgetting? Oh, the capacity to increase, yes, organic capacity. Listen, we are -- as you can -- Vikram mentioned it, we are increasing our CapEx into $1.3 billion. And we've been accelerating some long lead equipment this year to make sure that our capacity expansions remain on schedule. So if we look at the big ones that we have right now, whether it's Spiritwood, it's still expected to be online by the harvest of 2023. We are expanding capacity in bioactives in Valencia. That's expected to come in the first quarter of 2023. That's also on schedule. So I would say, in general, across the globe, since we have the ability and the funds, we've been making sure that we eliminated that risk or we minimized that risk. Of course, there is always a risk of labor and labor is tight, especially in North America. But I think at this point in time, we don't have any major deviation to our plans.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ben, listen, we're watching the demand, of course. We go -- we work very closely with our customers and our farmers on this. I would say we have seen demand substitution, demand shifting here or there. And you see it in retail, maybe to private label. We've seen a little bit to people looking into smaller packaging to make things more affordable. So I would say, if I think of the big categories for ADM, food tends to be, despite all these comments, much more reliable, much more stable in that -- just the essential nature of that. I think our fuels business, our biofuels business in general, are more tied to programs that are long term and to initiatives to reduce emissions and improve climate over the long term. So they also tend to be relatively firm, if you will. And we see that with RGD bringing new demand for oil. So if we have any issue in edible oils, it's certainly been more than offset by the new demand on renewables. And I will say the area where maybe we keep a closer look to all that is animal feed. Animal feed has been impacted by this. We estimate something in the range of maybe 10 million to 15 million tons on a global basis that maybe we took out of our SMBs from the globe perspective, not just from our own revenue, from the globe SMBs. I think we have seen less of an impact on an OP perspective because as people like to trade down, if you will, or if they were to trade down from beef, chicken is a cheaper protein. It's a more affordable protein. And chicken is where we get all the soybean meal mostly sourced. If you think about what's happening with soybean meal, is -- it has a cost advantage to corn. So it continues to have a high proportion in the Russians on things that are, if you will, more demanded right now like poultry. When we go to Nutrition, I think you said it in your -- in the question is we are well positioned in some of the applications that are growing the fastest, and of course, not completely insulated. To a certain degree, we haven't seen significant drops at this point in time. So our expansions and -- continue forward. And you saw in our remarks, our -- the acquisitions we made last year are actually performing from an OP perspective better than in the economic model we put together.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ben, first of all, Nutrition is the business where we're probably exposed the most to the supply chain issues that everybody is talking about because we have a more variety of raw materials that we consume in all these formulations. So that is always something that the team works very well to overcome. But that's an issue we watch very closely. The second is, as you know, that business is also very strong in Europe. So there is a ForEx exposure that we keep on looking. And I mentioned at the beginning that Animal Nutrition volumes are a little bit more difficult, I think that given the price point where we are. So I would say those are the 3 levers that we keep on looking to make sure that we balance that. I would have to say the business has done a terrific job of offsetting all that. And again, we still believe in our enhanced guidance from 15% to 20% for this year. We're still going to do that. And the business, again, as I've said many, many times before, it's clearly in its path to achieve our $1 billion operating profit objective probably next year. So we feel good about the business, but it's not without a lot of active management, if you will. So...
Juan Luciano: Yes. Adam, listen, we continue to see a strong demand for meal and oil. North America has many advantages. North America has the beans, and North America has a robust domestic consumption. North America has the new demand for oil. So that makes, of course, soybean meal more competitive in the world. We continue to see good margins and good volumes in poultry as -- again, as the consumer favors that meat. We continue to see soybean meal advantage to corn. As I said before, in the Russian, that continues to have high inclusion rates. We see China recovering from COVID, so activity coming back. And we see Argentina pretty much given the current financial issues outside of the markets in terms of their aggressiveness. So I would say the scenario that we've been seeing, it continues with strength going forward. I think that's kind of what we see at the moment. So Q3 is strong. I would say maybe if I go to canola, canola has been -- margins have popped. So maybe we had -- we didn't have that in the past. Now we have, very strong. So we see a strong demand for biodiesel. I'm just trying to go mentally through all the businesses. And as we said before, Wilmar has been doing very good. So we don't see any significant clouds in the horizon right now. We have good expectations. We think that for the second half, the U.S. will become the place to export for corn and soybeans. So I think that exports should come to the U.S. from the period of September to maybe February or maybe even March. So we will have to watch logistics and whether logistics can allow us to execute a strong export season. But that's probably the only thing out there that I will be thinking, Adam, in terms of puts and takes.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ken, what I would like to add to what Vikram said is that if I think back to December, there are 2 things that are different. A lot of the productivity efforts this year have been used to offset inflation, and I think the team has done a terrific job of protecting margins in that sense. Those productivity efforts continue. And as inflation may be received next year, we might see that -- more of that coming to actually improve our productivity versus just offsetting inflation. The second thing that I noticed and I tried to make a point in my prepared remarks is that we probably see innovation -- a little bit more activity in innovation. I think that as customers are trying to fight inflation, I think that bringing newness, bringing new categories, new innovation, we've seen that in Nutrition and other pieces of the portfolio. So I think there is an opportunity there. And some of the things that were not included in our 5-year estimate, whether it was some of the growth on Health and Wellness or some of the BioSolutions opportunities and all that, are coming stronger and faster than maybe we anticipated. So Vikram said it, we normally start the planning season maybe late September or October. So we're going to be looking at '23 there. But I think we're going to have a lot of puts and takes on a scenario that is very dynamic. But we feel good about the initiatives we can control, let's say.
Juan Luciano: Ken, the way I think about it, let me share that, is we need to have in ADM certain ambidexterity. On one side, we have a team that executed on opportunities presented by the market. And the team is executing on great opportunities this year. We don't control that all the time. We control our execution, but we don't control the opportunities that pop based on the macro environment. On the other hand, we are committed to keep improving the company. So -- and that's what we committed in December over the 5-year plan. So to the extent that those forces, whether favorable or negative, offset our productivity and innovation, at times, we're going to see more of that effect and at times, we're going to see less. So we know we're going to grow earnings over the next 5 years based on all that. We have not gotten to 2023 at this point in time. So I want to make sure that people don't hear that what we're going to do is a promise to grow earnings every year. We cannot control all the environment in the world, but we can control that we get better and we can control that we can maximize our execution on the opportunities provided. Will 2023 provide the same opportunities of 2022? Unclear at this point in time, and we need to go through our scenarios. But I think we're going to feel -- we feel very good, as I said, on the team's ability to execute. Some of the macro that we're seeing in terms of demand, demand for food has been growing over the last 15 years at 1.8% per year. You can argue that at times, we are getting to the peak of arable land being brought into production; that at times, we are hitting the peak of maybe even yield in the area. So we think that although margins may not stay at this level, if they're going to stabilize, they're going to stabilize at higher level than in the past. And that's where we based our forecast in December, and we are maintaining that. So we feel good about continue to grow earnings. We haven't gotten to the specific 2023 number yet.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Steve, this is Juan. We are building this. I think we have a division now within the business to look at these certified grains, if you will, or differentiated grains. There is certainly a consumer push into this that we feel through the CPGs and having the desire to engage in these transactions with us. So it continues to build. I don't think it's going to be meaningful to our earnings over the next 2, 3 years, but it's something that is aligned with sustainability trends. It's aligned with the ability of the whole industry to decarbonize and become better. So it makes us more sustainable. But it is growing. It's still small, but it continues to accelerate. So I don't think you should expect an OP impact over the next 2 years, but we're building a good position here. And with partners like FBN and all that, we continue to improve the economics and simplify the recognition to farmers as they embrace sustainable practices. So there is an economic motive or result later on, maybe in the planning cycle. At this point in time, it's more a sustainability thing that we do to help our customers as they need more of this.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think, Tom, what we saw -- of course, base has become -- became a little bit tighter in the U.S. and so, and we saw a little bit of palm oil correction that maybe impacted some of the oil. So you get board compress a little bit. In reality, the cash markets have never moved, and they remain very constructive and very strong. And now you have seen how Board Crush have bounced back. I think that what we need to remember is like before all this volatility, whether it's the war or this or that, we were coming into very strong markets. Again, demand continues to grow for meal. And now we have another leg of that, that has a new demand. And mature markets like this, when they get new demand in a significant quantity like RGD, you get a significant change in margin. When you think about the structural changes that have happened over time, whether it's the different way in which China feeds porks now or Argentina with an exchange rate delta that makes the farmer really have no desire to sell and the farmer, to a certain degree, curtailing crush in Argentina. And then we see China coming back from the lockdowns and soybean meal being better than corn into the Russian, we continue to see this strong. Now we have also canola helping onto this on the strength in biofuels, in biodiesel per se. So I think from our perspective, we were always looking at cash margins. And so we -- it didn't make a significant shift in our operating profit as we were saying in the last earnings call, to be honest. So it has moved and at times some of these moves, to be honest, in commodities has been driven more by financial flows than fundamentals. I would say the fundamentals were strong before the war. They continue to be strong. Some prices have spiked because of the war, then they came back, but they came back to the high levels that we had before the war because it was just supply-demand fundamentals. And as much as people talk about rising interest rates and all that, rising interest rates do not produce grain. So we have not seen any change in our supply-demand fundamentals that were in place before the war, before the tightening by the Fed. So to a certain degree, we need to keep our eyes on the fundamentals. That's what matters.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, I think we're building new industries. So there are so many players here and so many things in motion. It's a very dynamic environment that we continue to watch. I think with -- we see the demand coming as expected. I think you may have, like in every capital project these days, some projects that may be a little bit delayed. But we don't see any significant change to our medium-term forecast. So we see the strength. We see the recovery on even potentially edible oils based on China coming back into the markets and coming back from lockdowns. So none of our forecast has changed in the oil side. And if you look at the contribution of meal and oil to crush from the last quarter to this quarter, it has maintained. So it looks like both legs continue to have the same strength at this point than we expected.
Juan Luciano: Yes. As I was saying in the previous question, I think that, again, before rising rates that could drive into a slowdown of the economy or the war, we had a tight balance sheet. I mean, Eric, and you want to keep it at 30,000 feet. We're going to run this experiment of trying to feed 2 more billion people from here to 2050, something that we haven't done in the past. And as I said, you could argue that if we're going to move population from 7 billion to like 9.5 billion by 2050, there's not the same proportion of arable land are going to be brought into production nor the same proportion of yield going to be. So I think in recessions, food is more protected than other things. So we don't expect a significant drop in demand, at least not for a sustainable period of time. While the reality is that production may or may not be there when you think about weather, when you think about the limitations of acreage or the limitations of potential yield. So our scenario is for tightness going forward. And we will do our best to make sure we continue to supply the billions of people around the world with their needs. But I think it's more prudent to plan on a tight supply-demand scenario. And at this point in time, when we run the supply-demand going a little bit more shorter term, we think that at least we need to have 2 very good years of good crops in North America and South America to bring a little bit more of relief to the current supply-demand inventories. Even if we have a good growth in North America, I don't think we're going to increase pipeline from -- for soybeans at this point in time. So South America has been with La Niña for like 3 years or something like that. So some of these events are starting to last a little bit longer. Thankfully, in North America, everything looks like we're still going to have another good year. So we welcome the end of the harvest to see a very good crop this year in North America.
Juan Luciano: Yes. We think -- we are in close contact with our China team, of course. And I think demand there has, of course, suffered an impact. You saw their quarterly growth rate for the whole country. But we get encouraging reports of how activity is coming back. I think that at the beginning, even if they relieved on some of the restrictions, people were still a little bit shy to come out. But I think that now we're seeing people coming back to the office, were a 100% back into the office. That brings traffic and that brings external breakfast and external lunches and things like that. So we see that with a recovery, if you will, coming from our perspective. If you think about the 4 main meats for China, China has produced about 5% more of the combined 4 meats in the first half of the year. So you could see there that, of course, the mouths are still there to be fed. And certainly, food security continues to be a high priority of, of course, the very responsible Chinese government. So nothing significant to report other than the ease of the COVID situation that is happening in multiple cities.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So thank you for the question on Ukraine. So our priorities in the company, Rob, as we have said it before, continue to be twofold. First is to provide for the support and well-being of our employees now and into the future. But the second very close priority, what you described, is that how do we help the industry in Ukraine, the agricultural industry to come back on their feet? As you know, there are 20 million, 30 million tons trapped there. And we've been working to increase the land exports and I think even some of the river exports. And so we're very proud of what the whole industry has done to increase those. We're still short of that. And of course, that's why you see both countries signing this Black Sea initiative, which is to allow Odessa and other ports there to come back to full capacity to be able to export. At this point in time, as you have read the news, you get encouraging news 1 day and maybe discouraging news the other day. I do believe that both countries are committed to help keep this corridor open. I think that at the beginning, you're going to see a little bit of a trickle down of exports, maybe smaller boats. I think it's going to take a little bit of building confidence that this works before you can put the bigger boats. There are issues in the country about getting fuel for that. There are issues in the country about getting the crews to man this boat. There are also issues about insurance and financial institutions guaranteeing some of these large transactions. So I think I'm optimistic. I think you're going to have a trickle-down. That will be good for all for us and for everybody that we allow that capacity not to be unutilized, if you will. At this point in time, the world need to access to those inventories. So this is an important thing. If we don't have access to those inventories and they are not clear from the storage next year, we may have an availability issue for food because we will lose part of the crop. Ukrainians apparently have done a very good job of planting about 70% of all the capacity -- all the area, and they are harvesting right now the wheat. They're going to be harvesting in September and October, the corn and the sun seed. So we need that space to be able to store those in September and October. So we are optimistic. We are helping as much as possible. There is a lot of people with good intention. So hopefully, we will see the sea exports to grow over the next 2 or 3 months.
Vikram Luthar: Thanks, Ben, for the question. So just to give you some context, when we decided on the 10% ROIC target, it was based on an expectation of about 300 basis points above our long-term cost of capital. The long-term cost of capital has been around 7% for some time now. But as we look forward and we see interest rates on the rise, there is likelihood that over the medium term, the long-term WACC is going to increase. We still want to maintain our buffer or our spread versus that long-term WACC. So in short, yes, we are actually looking at growing our ROIC beyond the 10%. We haven't firmly established a new target. But clearly, as you've seen, we are well ahead of 10% on the back of a strong demand outlook for the medium term as well a strong discipline on the denominator from a balance sheet perspective. So in terms of the capital allocation and the forward outlook, Ben, I think it's consistent with what Juan said. We expect we are going to be very disciplined and balanced in terms of how we deploy that capital both in terms of reinvesting in the business. And by the way, the opportunities to reinvest in the business are significant. Juan mentioned some, including the operational transformation. And much of that is not even baked into the medium-term plan that we highlighted. So we anticipate there likely will be some additional reinvestment in the business, but that should still leave us enough flexibility to do share buyback, potentially even in excess of $5 billion as well as continue our pace of dividend growth as we've done historically over the last 40-plus years.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. Sure. So Adam, just breaking it down into volume margin and mix. In Sweeteners and Starches, from a volume perspective, actually, we saw volumes in North America higher year-over-year in the first half. And that is different from what you may have heard generally in the marketplace. We clearly benefit from an integrated network that enables us to deliver to our customers effectively and efficiently. And in some cases, we've actually also imported tapioca starch, for example, from Europe to meet that demand. So volume has been strong. In terms of margin, clearly, we benefited from higher coproduct values, including corn oil in particular. So that's also helped in terms of the net corn and effective margins for Sweeteners and Starches. And from a mix perspective, we talked about BioSolutions driving more and more growth, higher than what we had anticipated. So on all 3 fronts, in terms of volume, margin and mix, S&S looks brighter than what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. In terms of ethanol also, if you think about similar way of thinking about volumes, volumes have been strong in terms of gasoline demand locally. Strong exports expected. We've had strong exports outlook for exports about 1.6 billion gallons for the year. In terms of margins, we've also again benefited from the fact that we've had good coproduct values particularly, again, in DCO. And that has helped us maintain margins. The other aspect is the RVOs have been finalized. So that puts -- removes the cloud from the regulatory landscape, at least for 2022. And gasoline -- and ethanol blending economics remain fantastic. If you include RIN values, that's above $2 relative to our BOB today. So I think based on all those facts, we think Q3 is going to be stronger quarter-over-quarter. And our outlook for the year is also very constructive.
Vikram Luthar: No. My comments were specifically quarter-over-quarter, significantly higher quarter-over-quarter for Q3. And what I just emphasized as well, we are constructive for the outlook for the full year.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. So Ken, just to be clear, we did not say an ASR. We did not say accelerated share repurchase, right? I want to make sure that we clarify that comment. We did say that we are going to do $1 billion in the back half of the year. And as you well know is EPS impact of that given the averaging is pretty minimized for this calendar year. So the impact, whether you consider a share repurchase in the $6.50 number or not is frankly insignificant for 2022.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. So thanks for the question, Steve. In terms of AS&O, I'll break it up. In terms of AS, we talked about destination marketing being very strong, right? So that's part of global trading. We anticipate that to remain strong given our ability to deliver to customers around the globe. And actually, we have the globally integrated network we have enables us to do that very effectively and efficiently. So we believe that's going to be a continued contributor of the growth. You think about also where we are positioned as a company in North America and South America. Where is the world likely going to come for grain in the back half of this year? It's probably going to be in North America. And with a reasonable crop that we expect right now, we should be well positioned to be able to benefit from that given our footprint. So I think the strength in destination marketing within global trade as well as our asset footprint and the dearth of grain around the globe in light of what's happened gives us good flexibility and constructive margin outlook for the back half. On the Oilseeds side, the fundamentals remain strong. I mean you've seen that the demand for oil both on the food side as well as RGD remains strong. So North American crush margins should be constructive. As soybean meal remains a very efficient and cost-effective protein substitute for even wheat as wheat prices, even though they've come up, they're still relatively expensive. So soybean meal remains an important feed for all types of protein and especially for poultry, and you've seen the number of poultry rising. So we're constructive for crush margins in North America. And even with biodiesel as well, that's also providing another avenue to support crush margins even in Europe. So crush margin outlook for the back half is strong in terms of the fundamentals that I highlighted. So candidly, the strength in AS&O is both on AS, as well as O for the back half of this year.
Vikram Luthar: Well, I think the inventory, when you're talking about us, I think our working capital effectively from Q1 to Q2 has come down a bit, Eric. So I think it's a function of both volumes as well as prices. Yes, prices have come off. But I think it's a function of also what's happening around the globe. You've got to think about not just our Ag Services and Oilseeds business. You got to think about also the other parts of our business. So while in general, there is a correlation to prices, there's also not necessarily same flat volume across every quarter.
Vikram Luthar: On the Human Nutrition side, it was a balanced growth across new customers as well as existing customers. And we think about our revenue growth in terms of volume, pricing and mix, right? So I think we had balanced growth across the 3. We drove early action on pricing to ensure that we maintain margins and kept a strong focus on driving mix. Price elasticity for some of the products -- or most of the products, frankly, we participate in Human Nutrition has tended to be pretty low as Juan noted. So I think that's helped benefit protecting margins as well as driving revenue growth. On the Animal Nutrition side, as I highlighted in my prepared comments, most of that growth has come from amino acids, and amino acids has benefited from, a, the relative protein demand as well as supply chain challenges out of China. And the third aspect that's benefited us is our conscious effort to switch from liquid lysine to dry lysine and that's -- sorry, so from dry lysine to liquid lysine, yes. And that's actually helped us drive improved profitability and improved margins as well as increase stickiness with our customers. So most of that volume growth in Animal Nutrition has been driven by amino acids.
Adam Samuelson: So I wanted to maybe dig into the outlook on oilseeds a little bit. In your prepared remarks, you alluded to a mid-cycle or normalized medium-term kind of margin structure that moves higher, and I'd love to get a little bit more color on how your view over the medium term has evolved there and especially in the context of a North American kind of industry that's in the midst of some pretty healthy capacity expansions by you and many others.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's all really helpful. And if I could maybe just switch gears over to Carbohydrate Solutions and specifically Starches and Sweeteners. I mean very strong kind of first half results. And I guess I'm trying to think about the contributions of between kind of volume growth, better ethanol profitability, coproducts and kind of -- and risk management and just that thing could be your most mature business and seeing some very, very healthy absolute and year-over-year performance and trying to just maybe disaggregate some of the drivers there a little bit.
Adam Samuelson: Just to clarify, Vikram, because I don't think that was a nuance you said in the remarks. You said -- in the prepared remarks you said significantly higher year-over-year. And you're saying all of Carbohydrate Solutions will be higher quarter-over-quarter as well. I just want to be clear on that point.
