Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Before we wrap up today, I wanted to share some insights into how we're thinking about the remainder of 2023 and how we are positioning the company to take on the next phase of opportunities. We are confident that ADM will be able to deliver on our plans for 2023 despite some pockets of soft demand. Supply and demand shift are allowing ADM to flex our integrated value chain, in support of another strong year of results. We continue to advance partnership agreements with major players across multiple industries from regenerative agriculture to alternative proteins, to sustainable fuels, to plant-based industrial and personal care products. All of these partnerships are supporting ADM as we evolve at pace with the external environment to capture new growth opportunities. We see accelerated upsides emerging from product areas like biosolutions expected to grow at double-digit rates again this year. We have significant production capacity coming online within the year across our three businesses to support continued demand growth. And we're driving forward the broad-based decarbonization agenda in our Decatur complex, which is unlocking both near-term and long-range value for our customers across multiple industries. With a combination of solid business performance in the core business, along with the strong growth opportunities across our value chain, we expect that we will be able to deliver between $6 to $7 in earnings per share in 2023 and based on the strength of our balance sheet and cash position, we continue to pursue opportunities to deliver both near-term value to shareholders while positioning ADM for its next phase of growth. We're anticipating an in-depth review of the opportunities we see and the path ahead with the investment community in the fourth quarter. We'll share more details on this event in the coming months. Thank you for your time today, Vikram and I look forward to answering any questions you may have. With that, Bailey, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Adam. So this is no different from what we signaled in the Q4 call. We had clearly indicated that the first half nutrition is going to be weak and the strength is going to come in the second half. So let's break it down. In human nutrition, as we mentioned, we've got a strong pipeline and actually customers are looking for more and more innovation, and that plays to our strengths, given our broad capabilities and our suite of ingredients. So we see a very robust pipeline, double-digit increase in pipeline and increasing win rates. So that's point number one. Point number two is that destocking effects should neutralize, we expect inventory levels to come back to regular levels. And then the third is also you relate the demand fulfillment challenges, which we experienced mainly in the back half of last year. We are working through that. We need to expect most of these issues to be resolved in the second half of this year. So a combination of a very strong pipeline, less destocking, as well as less demand fulfillment challenges gives us confidence for back half loaded growth and human nutrition. We'll still have growth in the second quarter. We expect maybe mid single-digit growth in the second quarter. So you can see the progress roughly flat in Q1, mid single-digit growth in Q2, and the back half should be significantly higher versus the back half of last year, which was challenged by demand fulfillment. Then on animal nutrition on the pet side, we still have double-digit growth in pipeline, so we see that category continue to be strong if you remember, we signal demand fulfillment challenges also in pet. We expect also that to be addressed over the course of this year, mainly in the second half, we are expecting some new capacity also to come online in the second half for pet. So we feel pretty good about pet. On the animal nutrition side, that's been challenged because we had significant contribution from amino acids in Q1, Q2, and also Q3 of last year. So we are lapping those margins, so it's going to take time and that's why it's going to be back half loaded. We also see weakness generally in feed demand as feed customers are looking at reformulation and consumers are going from higher value protein to lower value protein, but we are taking actions while volume is anticipated, be flat to slightly lower. We are working to improve margins by very, very targeted cost actions and as well as go-to-market actions that I referenced. So we feel good about the back half on animal nutrition from a turnaround perspective. So that's the reason why nutrition is shaping up to be a second half story for the reasons I cited, but we feel strong and good about the 10% plus constant currency OP growth in nutrition for 2023.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Ben. A full question there. So listen, ag service has delivered another very, very strong quarter this year. It was strong in South America, it was strong in North America. It was strong at the global trade through all our destination marketing facilities. So when you look at the Q2, of course, in Q1 we were able to export a little bit more than maybe Brazil couldn't do it because of some of the rains and the delays. We think that in Q2 and Brazil will probably take over being the large crop that they have and the cheapest origin. Destination marketing was still holding margins there. It is an important activity around the world. You describe the risks associated. When we think about the year, the year hinges a lot in the recovery of demand in China lockdowns, the ups and downs of the crops around the world. We still have to deal with an Argentine disaster in terms of crops, and with the Brazil that has very strong crop. That is creating changes in the trade flows. So all of a sudden, we are sending beans from the U.S. to Europe to transform into biodiesel and bringing the biodiesel back, but also Brazil is sending beans to Argentina; Brazil, maybe sending a little bit of both or beans here. So there is a lot of changes in that, and that's ADM normally takes advantage of our huge footprint and normally our footprint and our ability to execute on those trade flows become an advantage. So you're going to see that in ag services around the year. I said there are two pivoting things this year. One is, again China demand coming out of lockdown. The second is the ability of Ukraine to continue to export as we have been doing during since August last year. Of course, the corridor has been renewed as ADM, we will always do our best to make sure that that continuous and export source for the Ukrainians, remember that that part of the world owns 25% of all the black rich soil in the world. So it's a very important condition – very important production area. So the corridor has been renewed, but of course, there are differences between Ukrainians view and Russian views at this point in time. And unfortunately, we have seen over the last week at the inspection of vessels being reduced to maybe a few days per week. So we remain hopeful and we remain ready to help to do this. I think that what we need to think fundamentally, the corridor is all about the availability of bringing that production. What I worry or the accessibility better said, what I worry is about the availability of the crop. This prolonged conflict is hurting the Ukrainian farmers and is hurting the Russian farmers. Both are dealing with issues, and I think that the expectation should be the conflict not resolved for production out of this area to come lower over the coming years, regardless of the export corridor. So I think, again, short-term and accessibility issue, long-term or medium-term, I worry more about availability and creating the pockets of tension again.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Andrew. I think we feel pretty good or that we will execute very well in this segment and probably exceed last year's performance. We have good visibility given the book that we have. So demand continues to be there strong and we continue to execute well. We see the margins and they continue to be there with us. So there has been some comments about maybe a slower ramp up of some facilities. It's very difficult to predict, the ramp up of specific facilities, but when you look at all the data, you see all that material coming, soybean oil will continue to be a key feedstock for this. It's impossible to develop all this industry without the participation of soybean oil. Now we have a path for canola oil to get to that source. U.S. biodiesel production was up 8% in Q1. Renewable diesel production was up like 61% versus the previous year. We continue to flex our system to be able to bring biodiesel from Europe to benefit the U.S. industry. And as I said before, we expect a year that will be better than last year. And given the affordable book that we have, we have visibility into that. So we feel very confident about this, Andrew.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Eric, let me take you a little bit higher because the gyrations of ethanol up and down sometimes get confused, but we invest for the long-term here. So fundamentally if you think about the last IPCC [ph] report, it strongly argue that it's going to be difficult for humanity to stay in the 1.5 degree hitting that we should try to achieve based on the Paris agreement. If you think about that, then adaptation is what all companies and all governments are thinking about. Biofuels and bioproducts like biomaterials or biosolutions are a key part of that adaptation. So whether it's ethanol – whether it's ethanol getting in a pathway to SAF, whether it's renewable green diesel, whether it is biodiesel that's going to be a big part of the future. And ADM's strong position in that and competitive advantage will shine through. We see the same thing as we position ourselves for biosolutions or biomaterials. Again, this is just – you're going to see governments, you're going to see companies, you're going to see everybody having to work together to achieve this energy transition, if you will, and to be able to keep climate change to a level that is manageable. But you have to think biofuels will be an important part of the future. U.S. will be a key player in biofuel and ADM will be absolutely in a strong position to deliver on that. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So at the moment, we operate one well, we're going to activate the second well and then bring five new wells. Each well from a capital perspective is not a big burden. It's something about $15 million to $20 million per well depending on the cost of metals and all that. So we probably are in the high end of $20 million in the low end or something like $12 million to $15 million. The time line every time we need to have a well finished is about three months. So it's relatively quickly. The issue is you need to go through regulatory approvals and that's where we are working where government affairs team is working heavily with dedicator area and with some of the farmers in the area. So again, it could happen relatively quickly, probably within the next couple of years, if you will, not a big burden from a capital perspective, but will significantly increase our ability to pump CO2 underground. As I said, if today we have about 1 million tons, give or take per year, this will take us to 7 million, and it will be a significant boost to the decarbonization of Decatur and Decatur becoming through supplier of low-carbon intensity feedstocks for many industries.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ben. Thank you for the question. Yes, as you said, coming along with the development of the industry, ADM wants to be pressed bringing crush capacity. We're doing that, as you know in a partnership with an oil company. So they have the ability to move that product to make it into the fuel market. We have the responsibility to move, of course, the meal for which we've been working on. The plant is coming thankfully on time and on schedule to be with us by the harvest. So about the Q3, as I said in my remarks, the 150,000 tons bushels per day of crush capacity. We look at the industry. I always mentioned or I mentioned before that we look at this plant and project for two years to make sure that capacity was coming on stream prudently. We see now the industry. We see all the capacity that is coming, is all needed to be able to supply this I think the renewal diesel industry is still going to have an issue how to get feedstock for that. So that will be the issue for a while. I think that will make meal – U.S. meal very competitive in the world markets and the U.S. is planning to take share, we are part of that plan as well. So we feel comfortable about the cadence at which the plants are coming. Maybe some of our renewable diesel plants are coming a little bit slower than expected. Every project has its issues. Thankfully, ours is not delayed. But if others are, I think it's going to facilitate a little bit the digestion of all this capacity that is coming because we need to get the fit for that. I think Vikram will cover the second part of your question on RVOs.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Salvator, for the question. So as you said, Ag Services has a very, very good first quarter. This team continues to deliver and outperform sometimes on our own expectations. If you think about global trade and all the issues around the world sometimes are difficult to estimate, if you will but our team with their ability to connect, if you will origins with destinations and especially with the investments that we have made over the years on destination markets and allow us to capture more volume at higher margins than maybe in the past. They have had also a very disciplined risk management and very effective one, which we expect from them, but sometimes it's not that easy to deliver in this volatile world. Great execution in Australia, great execution on the Black Sea, origination program and again a solid margins at destination. South America were probably another bright point for us. They capture higher volumes and margins. We were very well positioned on a crop that was very large and on a farmer that was undersold. So we position ourselves properly, and we get the rewards from that. And North America benefited from a strong risk management and a strong bean export programs. Again, Brazil was a little bit delay with some of the rains and all that in terms of their harvest. So the U.S. extended the window a little bit more. Now Brazil, we think – if you think about second quarter and what we're predicting it to be a little bit lower is we're not going to have – if you think about second quarter last year, the same volatility that we have because of Ukraine at that point in time. And the world was starting and the world was a little bit stunned on what we do now. Now we know what do we do? We have channels to export; the product is flowing for the most part. As I warned in my previous question, I think we're more worried about the productivity of the farmers of Ukraine and Russia eventually later on. But I think for this year, we have the ability to export that. We expect robust North American corn exports until Brazil second con crop is available. And then I think that North America will lap until Brazil run out of core. So we have lower North American soy exports expected in the second quarter because Brazil will take that place. So it's a little bit the shift if you will. And the decrease of that shift to be honest, Salvator sometimes are marked by the logistics issues. Brazil has a large corn crop and soybean crop, and it needs to be able to move that to the ports and being able to ship it. And then you have the Ukraine issue we discussed before. So those are the puts and takes. In general, as I said, the unit is performing very well, performed exceptionally well in the first quarter. We expect them to perform stronger in the second quarter, but maybe not as strong as second quarter last year. Thank you.
Vikram Luthar: Well, so on starches and sweeteners, you're right. Let's break it down. The liquid sweetener part of the portfolio, we see resilient demand and strong margins given the good contracting we had last year, and we also see increased volumes from Mexico, which helps the business. The other thing that should help over the course of the year is higher sugar prices. While, you know, we don't have a lot of spot business, but to the extent we do that should be supportive of margins and the liquid sweetener side of the portfolio. The specialty side, we are seeing strong margins, but some softness in the volumes. That's also part of sweeteners and starches. In the biosolutions, when you think about the mix of the portfolio, we are moving more and more towards the BioSolutions business. And that had very strong performance consistently over the last few years and again in Q1 with 20-plus percent growth in revenue and anticipated to continue at that clip for the course of this year. So at a high level Sweeteners and Starches, good volumes and robust margins, so it should give us confidence that we'll have a very good year again in 2023. Now with respect to ethanol, that remains the most volatile part of our portfolio, Q1 was soft. We think Q2 is going to be a little better, although lower than Q2 of last year. We had the biofuel tax credit, which we referenced, which will not repeat. But we also see some green shoots on the ethanol side. We are more constructive about the outlook of ethanol for the rest of the year. Why, for a few reasons. One is, we see ethanol stock levels coming off their peaks from earlier in Q1. Two, we continue to see good export demand. Think about what's happening even in Japan and India. So our export demand should be in the 1.2 billion, 1.4 billion gallons, which is consistent with what we saw last year. We also see higher blending rates. I think blend rates have trended slightly up. Gasoline demand continues to be strong given the strong blend economics. So in short, while we think ethanol will likely be low from an absolute margin perspective versus last year, we're still constructive generally for the rest of the year. So overall, we see a pretty strong year for Carbohydrate Solutions business.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. So on the crush margins, as Juan noted, clearly, as you can also see in the curve right now, Q2 looks soft. And the reason is because of the expectation of a certain delay in renewable green diesel capacity. Just to be clear, we remain confident that renewable green diesel capacity is going to increase by about 1 billion gallons in 2023. The time line has just been pushed back to the second half of this year. So therefore, you see a little bit of softness in the nearby as a consequence of that. The other aspect is also related to what's happening in Argentina. In Argentina, there given – there's more beans given what's happened with the soy dollar for at least part of Q2, there's more crush capacity, if you may, that's coming online, and that's also helping reduce a little bit of the nearby crush. What's going to happen in Argentina by May or June time frame, they're going to run out of beans. So that export is not going to be available. So that should be supportive of crush margins beyond Q2. And that's why you see the slight inverse in the curve in the nearby and then recovering in the back half of the year. So that's really all that happened. It was transitory, nothing that is more than that is the delay in renewable green diesel capacity as well as what's happening in Argentina – in Argentina.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. As you know, Ben, in December the RVO proposal that came out was largely constructive for the biofuels industry and we appreciated the multiyear proposal as well as the strong support for conventional ethanol. We, however, did note in our testimony and written comments to the EPA, the opportunity for improvement in the advanced category of biomass-based diesel. And it's important to note that does not, in any way change our assessment of the strong renewable diesel capacity growth this year and beyond. And this is going to come out in June. We expect that the EPA is going to consider the feedback they've got from the industry, and we are constructive about what that outlook is going to look like. But nevertheless, we are confident about the growth of the renewable diesel capacity and the ongoing benefit and impact for crush margins going forward.
