Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Next slide, please. 2022 was a truly outstanding year for ADM. As we look forward to 2023, we expect another very strong year. There are a number of market factors that we see as relevant for shipping our performance. We still see tightness in supply and demand balances in key products and regions. We see strong demand for vegetable oil, driven largely but robust demand for biodiesel and renewable diesel. Resilient food demand should drive higher volumes and margins in starches, sweeteners and wheat milling. We see continued strong demand for ethanol, including positive discretionary blending economics. And as Vikram mentioned, we expect 10% plus constant currency OP growth from Nutrition. We have a strong playbook powered by our deep expertise and our unparalleled footprint and capabilities to manage a dynamic market environment. Our healthy balance sheet provides ongoing optionality as we continue to pull the levers under our control to deliver results. And we expect positive contributions from productivity and innovation initiatives across the company that will help us drive value in 2023. Taken together, we expect to deliver another very strong year in 2023. With that, Bailey, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben. Listen, that business has been a very successful story at the customer level for many, many years. We continue to drive higher growth rates than the industry we participate in. So that has not changed, the robust pipeline growth there, and we have achieved all that then through a very disciplined strategy of bolt-on acquisitions and organic growth. So we did 4 bolt-ons in 2021. We took the time in 2022 to integrate them and digest them. At the same time, in 2022, we started many projects that I highlighted in my initial comments on organic growth. So I would say that will be the pattern that you should expect to us. I mean we have stated many years in our balanced capital allocation, and in this nutrition pace, if you will, of bolt-on and M&A and taking some time to digest some of those things. Very pleased to report that the four acquisitions we made in 2021 are executing or delivering ahead of their business model. So we’re not planning to change the pace or the strategy that we have had so far. The projects that we are making selective expansions on or bringing to life soon are all going well even despite the long time – long lead time equipment and sometimes you face in the industry. We’ve done that in anticipation of all that. So we feel very good about being able to support, with capacity, the growth in demand that we see in the marketplace from our participations.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Adam. I think you captured the situation well. I think we continue to see a very strong margin environment in Ag Services and Oilseeds. 2022, we hit in all cylinders. I think that every piece of our business hit records. When we look at the 2023, we continue to see very strong demand. If you look at North America, North America had a strong meal demand and certainly very strong domestic demand for oil, driven by all the factors, driven by sustainability that you know. We see a strong potential for crush margins in Europe, given the bad crop in Argentina and the fact that Europe will continue to export biodiesel to the U.S. given the need that we have here. So all in all, we continue to see strength. Certainly, RPO, we’re going to see the strong demand. Biodiesel and all that is going – we’re seeing strong margins and very good volumes for next year. We do have visibility into this – into the next year, given our book, so we feel good about that business. As Vikram mentioned in the commentary may be Ag Services that we’re planning it a little bit slower than last year, given the exceptional results that we had last year. And – but as difficult as it is to pinpoint a number, Adam, given that we have China uncertainty, war that has been going on for a year and, certainly, weather events, that we still need to build the U.S. crop, and we still need to finish the Latin American crops. I would say we favor more range scenarios. And in the range of scenarios, 2023, falls into a very strong range for us. So I don’t know – I will not venture to pinpoint a specific number, but certainly strong range. When you go to Carb Solutions, when we talk to our customers, demand for the products is stable. We’ve been able to have strong margins in all that, whether it’s sweeteners and starches or whether it’s wheat milling. When we look at BioSolutions, it continues to grow, like 26% of revenue. And then we see EBITDA margins in the 20% for that business, which is a very profitable business that is growing their contribution into Carb Solutions as part of the total UP. So that is a business that Vikram called the question mark of – the more volatile part of it probably is ethanol. And that’s – right now, like a little bit like in the last year, we start with this time of the year with low margins. And – but we think that we’re going to have very good incentive for people to blend ethanol, the numbers are there. RINs balances are tight, will encourage people to blend. So I think that given the prices that they have, I think that expecting export in the range of 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion gallons per year is reasonable. And you saw these days, Petrobras in Brazil, increasing the gasoline prices by 7%, so they are going to be less flow from there to here in all these. So we’re still planning for a little bit softer, maybe Carb Solutions in light of our ethanol forecast. But conditions are – could change in ethanol and it could make it a close year. So all in all, we continue to see a very strong year for 2023.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Vikram. Ben, listen, I think we have been – you have been witnessing how we built this nutrition business over the years. This is a business that, if I take over the last 3 years, it has been growing OP by 20%, CAGR if you will. So, it’s a business that we continue to add layers of capabilities so we can continue to win at the customer front, whether it is we go from individual ingredients to systems, where we bring functionality to those systems through bioactives, whether we bring sustainability benefits to that through our decarbonization or regen Ag. So, we continue to add layers to continue to help customers excel at the consumer level. And we see that in our win rates, and we see that in our pipeline. So, we have visibility into that. As Vikram said, maybe some of the categories soften a little bit, but our ability to gain share, to win faster than those categories, has been demonstrated. I think this year, we grew revenue significantly higher than the market. So, when we look forward, as I said in my – I think one of the earlier answers, we continue to expect bolt-on and M&A – bolt-on M&A and organic growth. We had four companies in 2021. We are building capabilities and new capacity in 2022 that we are going to see on the stream in ‘23, and we are going to continue to grow that. So, we haven’t deviated from our 2025 plan. And I don’t think it will require massive M&A to achieve there. It will – you will see this steady state. But this is a business that we are building in the middle of a lot of volatility in the market. This is of course, versus the legacy ADM business, it’s more complex in the number of SKUs that we have, in the number of customers that we have, in the number of plants and categories that we manage. So, when supply chain issues happen or market volatility happen, it’s a little bit more complex to fix in this business. And that’s why we expect a first half that’s going to be a little bit subdued when you add the demand fulfillment issues and some of the capability building, with the fact that also lysine is coming down, if you will, in prices, at least for the moment. So, I would say nothing that deviated. Certainly, if you ask me personally, and I think the management team, are we happy with Q4, I mean of course, Q4 underperformed our own expectations. I mean that’s nothing new for a business that, again, has been growing 20% per year CAGR. And – but we think that this is just a trajectory in the business that continued to win faster than what the market gives us at this point in time. We don’t expect a deviation to our long-term plan at this point.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Manav. Thank you for the question. We continued to see very strong demand across the world, not only for all the oils. I think that if you take the four oils, demand is running harder than production, if you will, globally. So, even I would say before renewable green diesel happened, we had already a tight balance sheet from an oils perspective, and that has continued. When you think about the capacity that renewable green diesel is installing, it’s going to have a huge pull in soybean oil. And we have found that there is – we have found relatively easy to place the mill in the export markets. And if you look at the market overall, the meal market is a market of like 175 million metric tons and growing. So, if you calculate by 2026, we need to have 20 million tons more soybean meal, just to catch up with the demand. And if you look at everything that we are building through the RGD and the capacity expansions, we are estimating about 15 million tons of supply on soybean meal. So, it’s still we have – we are still covered in only 75% of the expected soybean meal demand out there. So, we are looking at this as you can understand very carefully. Remember, as I always mentioned, it took us 2 years to assess Spiritwood and start building it. I am happy to report that is going to come online for the harvest. So, I would say we look at this, but the demand on both sides on the soybean meal and soybean oil clearly can support all this capacity. So, we continued to see an environment in which crush margins will be strong and highly supportive for many, many years.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you. Good questions. So, on the short-term part of the question, we see China will continue to increase imports. If you look at domestic grain prices are at historically high levels, especially now that we are – that they are reopening. Of course, a reopening of China could be a game changer for a variety of commodities, not just grains. We look at domestic vegetable oil stocks have been at relatively low levels. And we have seen, during the second half of 2022, an increase in domestic pork prices since, I would say, last spring. So, that prompted farmers to increase their herd. So, we see that demand in the short-term. But again, I think the variability here may be on the upside on how much of the reopening is bringing people to consumption. Of course, people have been in lockdown almost for 2 years in China. And there is a – you are going to find the same pent-up demand that we saw ourselves maybe since last year when everybody came out of COVID. So, I think at this point in time, short-term, China will be probably a positive upside, if anything, to our forecast. When you look at the long-term and the demographics of China that you described, probably about 50% of the Chinese population is middle class or what you will consider middle class, and they are in this process of increasing their protein consumption. But still historically, if you look at what the U.S., we consume about 270 pounds per year of proteins. China is at the 170 pounds per year level. So, they are still far from our level of consumption. And again, if you look at our lifestyles are converging slowly. So, you will expect their protein per capita consumption to grow significantly during this period. The other thing you need to remember is that we are still going to be 10 billion people in the planet by 2050, which is one of the issues that serves our – or drives our purpose, which is trying to increase the carrying capacity of the planet, trying to feed all that. And whether it’s in China or whether it’s in Africa or whether it’s in Southeast Asia, we are a global company, we have a global footprint, and you have seen us continue to expand our destination marketing footprint to serve customers around the world. So, we will serve – we will serve the feeding of growing population of the world, whether it’s in China or somewhere else. But as I said, I don’t expect China to have a decline in the next probably two decades in terms of their demand for protein consumption.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Rob, I couldn’t hear you very well, but I get the gist of the question. So, listen, I think at this point in time – and as I said before, we have visibility for probably the first quarter and big part of the first half, 2023 will be another strong year for crush, certainly above the long-term guidance that we provided at our global Investor Day. We also are planning to have an improvement in our process volumes that given some of the operational resilience initiatives. And we are going to have Spiritwood online in Q4. And hopefully, by in a couple of – maybe in a couple of weeks and a month, we will resume crush in Paraguay. We continue to have good crush margins in Europe. Certainly, Europe will be helped by the small crop in Argentina. Also, I think energy prices have moderated a little bit in Europe given the warm summer. So, we are also shifting in Europe as much to soybean crush as we can as there is margin there. We are also going to have this year that we didn’t have last year, better canola margins. Canola crush margins certainly and now that we have a Canadian crop, are more in the $120 to $140 per ton in North America, maybe $70 to $75 in Europe. So, I would say, we are having good crush rates. We are having good mill export demand in the U.S. We are having very strong soybean oil demand here in the U.S. So, I will say, in general, we don’t see any clouds in the horizon for crush. The crush business will have a very strong year in 2023. As I have said before, Rob, I wouldn’t pinpoint a specific number given the China reopening, given the issues in Ukraine that whether it’s not driving crush margins that may drive energy prices. And certainly, the crops, we are expecting that Brazil needs to have a big crop that will offset the decline in Argentina. And we hope that the U.S. will have a big crop as well, but we still need to go through the weather in both instances. So, again, I will just reiterate a very strong environment for crush as far as we can see.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think you called it well. I think that when we had the low water levels in the Q4 that hurt us, of course, we lost some bean business. But the corn business basically is going to be with us until the crop in Brazil – the harvest in Brazil comes, so it’s like middle of the year. So, we see that as a very strong business in Ag services for North America. We also have, unfortunately, I think Ukraine Grain Association has come up with a statement that they don’t believe corn for ‘23 will exceed 18 million tons, which is a far cry from the 29 million tons or 30 million tons that they used to produce or we expected. So, demand continues to be solid out there. And we still – as a world, we need Brazil to have a good crop. Of course, if there are rains and delay a little bit the harvest of soybeans, that may delay a little bit the planting of the next crop. But we hope that in your farm and everybody’s farm, corn is growing strongly because we need it. And again, the U.S. will be exporting a lot of that from here until probably July.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you for the question. Listen, I think that we continued to enlarge our relationships with customers, but also with farmers. And as we continue to increase our digital engagement with them, we also increased the bartering and exchange of many, many products. And we have a good relationship with farmers. We have the trust of the farmers, and so every now and then, they bring challenges to us. And I think the challenges of biologicals, if you will, given that we have some work in precision fermentation and things like that is, we are always interested in doing that. So, there is always division out there in ADM exploring and extending a little bit our franchises and our engagement. So, I wouldn’t be surprised to see experiments or tests here and there. And we do that a lot. We do that in products at our B2C. We do that in products that are biologicals. We do that in products related to the farmer. And we continue to expand. These are things that, over the years, they turn out into big businesses. At one point in time, we started with destination market and now it’s a big part of our franchise. At one point in time, we started with BioSolutions and now we are making more $0.25 billion of EBITDA on that. At one point in time, we started with the differentiated grain that now we call regen Ag, and now we are in the million acres of that. So, I think it’s just the innovation part of ADM, and you are going to see green shoots at that. I am glad you are paying attention to that. And we are going to see expansion of those things into the future. So, thank you.
