Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. This quarter, we are hosting our conference call from Europe as we have spent a week with our European team and ADM's Board of Directors reviewing our operations here.  I'll begin as always with safety. During the quarter, we reduced our lost workday injury rate by another 5%, and total recordable incident rate by 15% compared to fiscal 2010. We continue to make important progress on safety. Turning to our financial results. This morning, we reported net earnings of $732 million or $1.14 per share on a fully diluted basis, a 30% improvement versus the prior year. Operating profit improved by 40%. Excluding the large LIFO charge and other specified items that Ray will discuss in a moment, ADM earned $1.29 per share. I'm very happy to say that the ADM team delivered outstanding performance across the board, resulting in record operating profit. Amid strong demand and regional dislocations, we used our vast global network to deliver for our customers and for our shareholders. During the quarter, we continued executing our strategy to drive profitable growth. In North America at the end of December, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in Golden Peanut, the largest U.S. handler, processor and exporter of peanuts. This is a business that fits well with our existing U.S. Oilseed and Export operations, and will support our growth objectives in the global oilseeds business. We are enhancing our U.S. origination footprint with the construction of an elevator in South Dakota and two elevators in Nebraska. In South America, we opened the first large-scale fertilizer blending plant in Paraguay. This plant, located on the Paraguay river in Villeta, will strengthen ADM's connection to the country's growing agricultural sector. The soybean processing facility that we discussed last quarter is being constructed adjacent to the plant. Also in January, we founded the ADM Institute for the Prevention of Postharvest Loss at the University of Illinois. This global institute will work with farmers in the developing world to help reduce the 10% to 20% of the global grain harvest lost to mishandling and postharvest operations each year. Looking ahead, global markets remain dynamic. In this environment, we used ADM's exceptional capabilities, our unique global asset base and the insights of our team to drive value and to serve vital needs.  Now I'll turn the call over to Ray who will review our results.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Ray. John Rice, Steve Mills will join Ray and me for our question-and-answer session. So operator, if you could please open the line for questions.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I'll start, Ken, and maybe Ray or John want to jump in. I think you want to think about always our objective is to beat our cost of capital and in excess of that. So we looked at that going into these plants. Two of the bigger plant projects, of course, are our two dry ethanol plants. And that really depends on one's assumptions whether they be yours or the market's assumptions about margins associated with ethanol over the future. We like the long-term future of ethanol and we think that, that is not only why we put these plants in place but why we continue to run the size of our wet Corn Milling business the way we do as one of the options of our products from that. So we still expect the returns on that business to be above our cost of capital over the long term. And again, it depends on your views about timing of the actual market.
Patricia Woertz: Jeff, we don't provide guidance, so we're really only talk about current conditions, not expectations for our quarter's results or positioning.
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think it's a slow go. Maybe I'll ask John for a recent update if customers are having any pull. A few customers have said that they are interested and even buying, but I think as a wholesale infrastructure basis, so to speak, it's going to be slow.
Patricia Woertz: It's always important, Todd, to keep our balance sheet strong, and we always want to undertake the underlying business. We don't feel though that, that will hamper our ability to do our M&A.
Patricia Woertz: And you might want to keep in mind that's a global origination and transportation network as well. And so I think that allows for our utilization of those assets and we have added more.
Patricia Woertz: The answer is yes, and we have those numbers. I think they're on the renewable fuels. The association website, but I don't have them handy. We can get that to you, Ian.
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll start, and Ray can jump in. I think your theory is actually kind of right on, that you could look at different investments over a different time frames and chunk them into sort of short and sooner or lower and farther and more strategic for the emerging markets. So we look at all of that along with always comparing to kind of a share buyback as another option. So when you listed those off, we're nodding yes, because they all fit into the strategy of filling out the global footprint, which includes both the global network, which continued to add to storage transportation, et cetera, in the Ag Services arena. And then also the emerging markets in our 7% to 10% growth we want to do in crushed.
Patricia Woertz: I think volumes continue to be something we talked about, record exports in the U.S. and our global system moving a lot of grains. I think this quarter generally should beat that discussions relative to the total earnings power of ADM's global network. It's global demand and it's a global network that's ready to serve that.
Patricia Woertz: Great. Well, thank you, everyone for your time today. We appreciate all your questions. Slide 17 shows our upcoming Investor Conferences, and we certainly look forward to talking with you on our next call on May. Bye now.
John Rice: Sure, Vincent, this is John. When we started the quarter, ethanol margins were positive. And as we kept going through the quarter, they kept getting closer to a breakeven standpoint. So right now, we're close to, on a overall industry basis when you look at that, fairly close to break even. Now how the corn would come into play is, like we've mentioned in the past, it's always on a mark-to-market at the end of any given period. So we really have to kind of look at this over a little bit longer period.
John Rice: Well, I was just out visiting our Columbus plant, and I was very happy with how its operating and how the efficiencies are, and the group is still working on additional cost savings. And as we look at our metrics and what we looked before building this operation, we're very happy on the cost of this plant.
John Rice: The one other thing I'd say too, is also on our two coal Cogeneration operations, they're both up and running. And we're happy with the early results on that, but we're also cognizant of the fact that one time for about a two-month period, natural gas got very cheap and at some of our operations, we're able to shut down our coal boilers and actually run natural gas at those operations. So we're always looking at running them, whatever makes the most cost-effective operation at any given time.
John Rice: We have been -- I think last quarter, we've been mentioning that cocoa margins have been getting better, have been improving. We're seeing very good demand on the powder side of the business. So we've been happy and that seems to be the same going forward. And the Milling side, as pretty much everybody knows now that there is quality issues around the world. And we are working very well within our system to make sure we have very good quality wheat working with our customers. We see the investment pretty steady going -- steady in the past, and we see that the same going forward.
John Rice: The export market, as Ray mentioned in his comments, we are very competitive in the world. So that we keep seeing that increase especially with the high price of sugar.
John Rice: If based on what we see today now, the price of sugar ways come down, things can change relative to the price of corn. But right now, yes, especially with the South American sugar harvest, pretty much complete and the ethanol industry is slowing down, down there right now.
John Rice: And I'll answer the question on the North American crushed margins. Your read was absolutely correct. We are seeing and we monitored our crushed rates accordingly to balance supply and demand. And what we see going forward with the mandate and the tax credit, we see biodiesel demand growing here in the last half of this year, the last three quarters of this year, and things are looking a bit better right now, totally agree.
John Rice: That was a short-term oversupply in the market issue. But as they keep growing their mandate, we see that not being a problem going forward. I believe that's just more of a timing issue, quarter-to-quarter maybe.
John Rice: Well, as you know that's always tough say. Things are always dynamic. They're moving. We have harvest, will be coming here this summer. And so, a lot has to do with how people are inventoried. Did they overbuy? But I think for the short term, here for the next couple, two, three months, I do agree that the U.S. has the most high-quality milling wheat in the world. So I do expect wheat exports out of the United States.
John Rice: There were some mark-to-market effects, but it was immaterial from our perspective. And that's the reason why we didn't call it out.
John Rice: No. I'm sitting here trying to think exactly how to answer that question. We buy corn as we make our sales, and timing difference can come on how you bring your raw material cost to market.
John Rice: It has not narrowed enough yet for people to switch out. And we keep seeing more of the demand coming from Mexico. As Mexico blends high fructose, and then ships their sugar up to the United States. So that delta hasn't narrowed enough to affect it.
John Rice: Annual contracting, first of all, and then last year, there was a different contract or transfer price between our Sweeteners and Starches division over to our BioProducts. So that was probably the biggest difference there.
John Rice: You're correct, David. We're still not back to the 2008 levels, and I think it's tied to the economy. As the economy keeps growing, I think our volumes will keep increasing.
John Rice: Yes, I agree with what Pat said. But it is positive news to have out there just as the power fleet keeps getting more turned over. We should see more of our customers put up an E15, especially with the price spread we see right now.
John Rice: Overall demand, we've seen maybe a little bit of slowdown in China but they also had very large arrivals in the previous month. We're also coming into the Chinese new year. But right now, we're really seeing more people looking at substitution maybe more pea and wheat instead of corn, DDGs [distiller's dried grains] instead of corn, lysine instead of soybean meal. So we're seeing more of that, but I guess the overall demand still seems to be very good.
John Rice: I think you are right on your first comment. That seems to be an ongoing situation of fluid down there. That always seems to work itself out. I mean, I'd say I think that's the best answer I can give at this time.
John Rice: Well, it's going to depend on the size of the crop, but February weather is also still very important in the Argentine crop, and they have been getting some rains lately.
John Rice: No, there was no -- nothing that you mentioned in terms of pulling ahead of orders or pulling ahead sales. No.
John Rice: Just due to the pickup in the Mexican shipments, we tend to see more sweetener shipments to Mexico. And it tends to balance out the peaks and valleys a little bit more than what we've seen in the past. So it's still very fluid, but it's not unusual to be shipping more steady volumes year-round to Mexico. In the United States, it still tends to peak a little bit more in the summer.
John Rice: We did see record exports, and we have increased the capacity at our Destrehan facility. And we have added another export elevator that we did have idle here about two years ago. We brought that online last year. So we had very good volumes through it, but a lot has to do with the weather, the type of ships, when the barges, when the railcars come, the group did a fantastic job on handling a lot of the logistics, and that helped with the volume.
John Rice: I think it depends on where the shipments are coming out. If it's coming out of United States, South America or Europe. You have to find out who's the most competitive at any given time.
John Rice: I don't think much of it is going to be financial. Just currently, depending on the markets here, and you could be easily $0.10 to $0.20 for getting the blender's credit underneath unleaded gasoline. So people are going to still blend as much as they can. I think, maybe a little bit more of the dynamic we're seeing this year is we've had very poor weather in the East so we have seen a little bit of slowdown in demand there. But if overall, we still have a little bit extra capacity in the market, so that is going to put a damper on the market. But long-term, as E15 comes more into play, exports are there. We're still very positive on the business and we're very happy with the efficiency of our plants. And the market still is a very, very spot buyers. You'll always get some people wanting to buy a little forward but it's very spot.
John Rice: I think that's going to depend on the South American harvest, and how that comes. The protein demand, as you know, has not been real good in the United States, but we have with this Biodiesel demand increasing, it could make the crush rates go up and actually make our protein meal more competitive to the world market. So I think we still have to see but the possibilities are there, yes.
John Rice: I don't think it's as impactful this time as last time. We haven't seen that. But still when you have commodity prices running up and people having to make margin calls, it is tougher for them to hold inventories.
John Rice: We're always looking at hedging freight, so we're always monitoring that market on a global basis. And we're always charging it out to customers at market prices, so I wouldn't say it's an advantage or disadvantage.
Ray Young: Christina, it's Ray. Let me address the mark-to-market one and John can address the margins in the future. In our inventory valuations, there are certain inventories that we value at mark-to-market and there are certain inventories that we value at cost. And of course, most of them we have offsetting hedge positions on it. So in the case of the Oilseeds business, we saw some mark-to-market timing effects, which primarily were related to certain inventories which we have to value at cost. And so, the offset was on the other side, which is basically the hedge positions which were mark-to-market, and we took losses on those. Yes, overtime, these things will reverse, but it's going to be a function of pricing and inventory levels as well. So it's very difficult to determine when and the exact amount, but directionally, you're correct, overtime, this should reverse.
Ray Young: We're monitoring that situation right now. I mean, there's nothing -- we do not have any boats in the port right now. And anything we have going over there, we can always divert if the situation doesn't resolve itself here.
Ray Young: Well, I guess part of it is just due to the mark-to-market timing effects that kind of distorts some of the numbers from the prior quarter. When we look at the fundamental business in the Cocoa business, we are seeing improving pressed margins in the business. And so, from our perspective, we believe that the business is actually running well and the trend is actually favorable for business as we see it.
Ray Young: Well it's similar to the Oilseeds, there is going to be certain effects relating to how we mark their inventory relative to how we mark the offsetting hedge positions. For Cocoa, it's a little bit complicated. There's some other complexities in the Cocoa accounting, which is probably not worth the while talking about today. But all I'm saying is there are timing effects. And as a result, when you see volatility in terms of prices, you do see some effects going through the reported statements.
Ray Young: Yes, Todd, I mean right now, as we are looking at our capital plans, we're analyzing, of course, where we think commodity prices are going. We're analyzing where we're heading in terms of potentially strategic investments. Of course, we have a debt remarketing decision coming up in front of us, which we've made no decision yet, so far. And so, there's a number of variables that we're analyzing right now in terms of determining what our actual capital raising strategy will be. This actually will be something that we'll be working on, frankly, over the next several quarters. And so, the important thing is we do have a lot of financial flexibility. We've got a lot of funding options, so stay tuned. We'll update you as we start moving through some of these different options.
Ray Young: Yes, I mean, a lot of our short-term debts is really designed for working capital funding or higher inventory balances associated with the seasonal buildup. I mean, we will see our inventories come down over the next couple of quarters as we sell off some of our North American stock. As you know, there's a cycle in terms of our inventory balance as against our short-term borrowings. So from our perspective, we believe we've got flexibility in order to enter into strategic investments.
Ray Young: Well, they're pretty small. I mean, I'm not sure, where there's a -- in terms of breaking out between the two, the different plants, no. I mean, I think typically, we referred to those as start up costs. Again, they're pretty small, and they're going to be phased out with the remainder of the fiscal year. So from our perspective, fairly insignificant.
Ray Young: We're not going to break it out. I mean, I think that from our perspective, again, the key is that they're being phased out, the startup cost.
Ray Young: I mean, it's normally seasonal -- there's certainly seasonal pattern in the U.S. harvest, and I mean, normally, if that would be translating to higher volumes through the U.S. network there as well.
Ray Young: Yes, and I think, there's been a lot of studies that sounds about right. And I mean, as you would expect, I mean, it's going to quickly decrease. I mean these cars are getting pretty old, so they just kind of quickly decrease over the next three or four years.
Ray Young: Yeah, I think it's fair to say that we have a portfolio approach towards growth. They weren't simply not going to M&A our way to growth. Yes, we found that there's been a lot of fundamental investments, smaller investments that actually tend to have very, very good returns and very low risks. And that's a basic foundation of how we're growing ADM from a profitability perspective. And so we're going to continue to allocate capital to these areas, recognizing that some of the strategic investments that we're going to look at -- that we're looking at right now, we may have a very different risk tolerance because strategically, we may feel that we need to enter these types of markets or these types of areas. And so there's not one-size-fit-all approach to towards how we evaluate investments. It really is a portfolio approach that we're taking to this.
Ray Young: Well, as you know, I mean, we've increased our short-term borrowings so this is going to be a little higher interest expense, but it's going to be insignificant in the whole scheme of things. So from our perspective, whether this is a run rate or not, I mean, it's probably going to be indicative.
Ian Horowitz: I understand and I'm just trying to look from the other side of that perspective, especially on the PHA side.
Ian Horowitz: So right now, 60% of the fleet in 2001 or earlier and would that kind of represent a linear percentage or...
Ian Horowitz: Would that represent a similar percentage of the gasoline pool? Or do newer cars drive further miles? Older cars are kind of local commuter or not, I mean it's...
