Pat Woertz: Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone to our third quarter conference call. This morning we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.81, and adjusted segment operating profit1 of $914 million. Our net earnings were $747 million, or $1.14 per share. Segment operating profit1 was $1.07 billion. The team delivered very strong results in the third quarter and made significant progress improving earnings and returns. Corn Processing managed their product mix to serve good demand and optimize margins. Continued improvement in international merchandising results supported the ongoing recovery of Ag Services. And Oilseeds Processing again delivered solid results overall, benefiting from good demand and its diverse footprint and product portfolio. We also continued to advance our portfolio management. Since the beginning of the third quarter, we signed a deal to sell our global chocolate business; we reached an agreement to acquire Specialty Commodities Incorporated; and we completed our acquisition of WILD Flavors. In mid-October, we completed our previously announced buyback of 18 million shares, and that is ahead of our year-end target. Given the strength of our balance sheet and our strong cash flows, we expect to repurchase up to 10 million more shares by the end of 2014. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Ray.
Pat Woertz: Turning to Slide 13 before we start Q&A. Thank you, Juan. Listening to that long list of activities this quarter that Juan just outlined, I reflect that for the past many quarters how focused we’ve been on actions to improve earnings and returns. And in this quarter on, many portfolio changes. And also we moved and opened a new global headquarters and customers center. The risk is during times like these that our teams becomes distracted or results slip. I am so proud of this team. They didn’t miss the beat with focus and discipline delivering very strong results during a very busy quarter. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Pat Woertz: Yes, maybe starting with the later, Rob, and then to your first question. On ethanol business, I think we still believe and do believe that there is more stability, albeit some volatility expected in the future. And the stability comes from the strength of the behavior in the market where producers are, sort of a balance of supply and demand, and that exports continue as, Juan described a moment ago, exports do continue to grow. And the competitiveness of ethanol with Alkylat, [indiscernible] MTBE, the whole laundry list of oxygen components that ethanol truly is the most economically competitive. So while one of the scenarios that people push of, what are the puts and takes here or what are the bear case or bull case, crude oil prices have been somewhat stable in that $100 range for four years. So kind of the scenario of generally more stable oil prices was a much more stable ethanol environment. I think the fact that oil prices are more volatile maybe than anyone predicted just several months ago, does mean there is more scenario planning here, but I think the option for ethanol business to be more stable this year than last, next year than this etcetera, still stands because of the supply and demand situation. Your question about our opportunities to describe a little more in detail on Investor Day some of our outlooks. We are very encouraged about 2015 relative to recent years, so we’ll look probably at that time on some of the drivers on 2015 and the strengths, and sort of again the puts and takes, the improvements we’re making in the business and the categories that Juan talked about, whether it be improvement in the business, the portfolio changes and the investments to grow. So I think stay tuned for our Investor Day to have more outlook on that. Capital allocation and resource allocation will be another thing. We’ll try to put a little more meat on the bones because were just in the process of looking forward for our business plans as we speak.
Pat Woertz: Right. There is no update that I have for you today or that we have. With the elections too, there is not many topics that are on the minds in Washington other than these current elections. So I have not anything today.
Pat Woertz: Great. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. We do note on Slide 14 the date of our Investor Day, which is December 3rd in Chicago. And of course if any of you have any follow-up questions, please be in touch with Christina, and thanks all for your interest and time. Bye-bye now.
Juan Luciano: You will hear from me on the Analysts Day. That’s for sure. Yes, we will provide a little bit more in the Analyst Day.Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Tim. As you said, the harvest is progressing normally. I will say normally for soybean, a little bit maybe behind for corn. So we are very optimistic about the first part of the harvest. We are very optimistic about the results we are seeing right now in Ag Services, and we expect very good result for Ag Services going forward, yes.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think the grain business will pick-up versus this quarter. This quarter was basically, the performance was driven very much by a strong international merchandizing and transportation, but grain obviously July and August, we didn’t have much movement. So yes, we expect grain results to pick-up in Q4.
Juan Luciano: Sure. So we always refer, Tim, to the footprint that we have in both of our businesses – in the processing businesses in corn and soybeans or oilseeds. And this is another example in which the soybean footprint that we have given us great access to soybean. So from an inbound freight perspective, we don’t rely that much on rail and that has been most of the problem in the U.S. So we rely a lot on trucking. So we haven’t had a lot of problems in getting beans into our plants. Obviously we knew that logistics problems could happen in Q3 and Q4, so we have prepared for that. So I will say no problems coming in. Coming out, we also – as I said, we prepare so we haven’t seen any problems. We’ve been able to deliver to our customers as per schedule. And this is where some of our previous investments in transportation in all the modes of transportations are paying off. And I think the pipeline was empty, and we knew that it was going to be transition to refill that pipeline. It was a little bit of maybe panic selling from some of the customers at one point in time. We think that that has subsided now. And so we think we transition into the new crop. But all in all, I would say that the transportation team and the oilseed teams have performed very well, have plants running at high capacity, and actually customers very well supplied. So all in all, I think we have a great team doing pretty well there.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Michael, as you said, margins were very good during the quarter and then they drop as driving miles came reduced after the summer. So what we see for 2015 is pretty much something relatively similar to what we saw in 2014, because we’ve seen actually about the same amount of export capacity, so in the range of 800 million gallon to maybe a billion gallon. And then about the same domestic demand, so maybe 13.5 something in that range. So we expect 14.3 or something in that range for total production on an estimated capacity out there, something in the range of 14.5 to 14.7 depending on how much that capacity is actually running.
Juan Luciano: Yes, in any particular quarter we go sometimes between 25% and 75%. So I would say a little bit under 50% maybe.
Juan Luciano: Listen, Brazil is having a lot of movements at this point in time. You see, they approved increasing the blending grades to 27.5%. We have been able, as an industry, to diversify very much the sources of our exports. So it’s going to Canada, Mexico, Middle East, Asia, and sometimes to Brazil. So we’re now very dependent on Brazil. So we feel pretty good about the sustainability of our exports. Our own export program is very strong from Q4 and extends well into 2015. So we feel good about it.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think we saw – as I said before, the pipeline was a little bit empty. We still see strong demand domestically and for exports for meal in the United States. DDGs are finding their way into the market by pricing themselves into the market. We haven’t seen a lot of impact yet in to soybean meal to be honest. Our book continues to be very solid for the few coming months. So we expect, Ann, crushing margins to be strong this quarter and weigh into late Q1. As we see Brazil maybe having a little bit of late planting, we might have a little bit more of a tail U.S. exporting late into Q1 next year.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ethanol margins basically were pretty healthy in Q3 and then they dropped significantly as inventories climbed, but you see that the industry is behaving a little bit different now maybe better supply/demand fundamentals. And the inventory is starting to correct. And we’ve seen that correction and that reduction in October. And margins have since the end of September actually improved a little bit. So we expect some of these volatility that we described before to continue but it’s been – the industry is behaving in a much better way this year than we saw for example last year.
Juan Luciano: Farha, this is Juan. We still see very good opportunities for Q4 for Ag Services. It’s still probably too early to call that some will overspill into Q1.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say in Argentina, the farmers sold a little bit with all these rally in soybeans, but they still hold maybe 18 million tonnes of soybeans over there of crops. So nothing materially has changed, although we’ve seen a little bit more movement. A little bit the same in Brazil. You know in our remarks, we highlighted the lack of farmers selling in Brazil. We saw recently over the last few days, up until the elections a little bit of a better selling, but still reluctant seller – still way behind last year in terms of selling. In terms of exports from Brazil. Brazil, due to the big inverse exported very early on into the season. So there is not much to export now. So we are watching the planting and the growing next.
Juan Luciano: Yes, as you described we have seen markets after markets changing away from MTBE. Obviously Mexico is one of those markets that are still in MTBE. So we see that as a potential opportunity ahead of us, sure.
Juan Luciano: They’ll be David. Yes, when we hedged an asset under 50%. So when we hedge obviously is because we thought that those margins were appropriate to and were attractive to be hedged. And we expect the rest of the Q4 to be, as I said before, a little bit lower than Q3. Margins have recovered some, but they are not of the same quality of early in Q3.
Juan Luciano: Obviously the thing is, it’s working very hard in scenario management and devising of options going forward. Brent, which is the big driver for our exports, if you will, is still at $82, and $82 ethanol still does very well. So we have still not at that point, but certainly we always do scenario management for much lower oil prices. So too early to tell what we can do, but we are developing options, yes.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think developing export markets take time. Sometimes people also – customers want to make sure that they have security of supply before incorporating or changing their formulas. So we see the growth David. And if you heard my comments, I referred to $800 million to $1 billion. This year we’re going to be $800 million. So we are thinking about maybe 25% increase from next year, which is not un-significant. So obviously I would like to see it $1.5 billion and we will drive to try to do that. But we think that it continues to climb, and it’s – the U.S. becomes a more regular and reliable supplier of global markets. So at this oil prices, we continue to see export growing, let’s put it that way.
Juan Luciano: I think the way we’d like to think about it is the net positive for our customers, because they would always get supplied. And I think that overall it’s a competitive advantage of ADM. So I would say relatively to others, I think it’s a positive.
Juan Luciano: Rob, no, I think it’s more on the alternative sweeteners, other sweeteners like corn syrups or dextrose or things like that. And listen, it doesn’t take much because we have swing capacity with ethanol and we have swing capacity with other 20-something products. So what we do is to manage all that and also our customer base to optimize the whole business. So but I think fundamentally what’s probably happening is that demand was a little bit stronger than probably everybody anticipated in this quarter, both domestically and on exports. So when we see at Q4, although the strength of sweeteners and starches as a business will continue, we see a little bit lower volumes from normal seasonality perspective as we grow into the winter.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Adam, Juan here. Listen, if I have to rank what is the biggest opportunity for improvement in returns, it’s probably related to our participation in South America through oilseeds. This year has been very poor in terms of farmers selling and our earnings had been subdued there because of that. So we don’t expect that to repeat every year, and we think that that’s an opportunity ahead of us for improvement. As we described, Ag Services, I think we see that given the high operating environment, they’re going to face. And I would say the other businesses that we have publicly said that we trying to recover, is the cocoa business, which is a business that we are very hard to improve returns after the divestiture of chocolate. So those are probably the two areas that could see a more significant improvement next year, or in years to come.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Diane, listen. Obviously, we’ve been looking at that for a long time, and we have been preparing for these tight rail environment. So I think the guys have been doing an incredible work of sourcing product from all the locations. We feel very good going into this harvest. We feel we are executing very well at this point in time. Transportation is working very, very close with the businesses, both the grain business and the corn and soybean business. So that’s where we do and that’s where the team excel at when there are these difficulties. So I think that you could be assured that we will, in that sense, maximize the basis opportunities and we will continue to keep our customers and our plants supplied. So we have not had – we were reflecting yesterday that these transportation questions started to fill a little bit like the Ukraine question that everybody is expecting something to happen, and for us has been normal so far. And for us, we cannot report any issues that have impacted our earnings because of transportation issues so far. Are they going to become worse coming out? Yes, probably. The weather is going to become worse as we get into the winter and think they are going to become more complicated. But it’s hard to point out at this point in time in Q3 and maybe so far in Q4 any issue that we have had related to that.
Juan Luciano: I think as you described, it hasn’t been the desperation selling at this point in time. So we continue to be very close to them and continue to have our assets ready to take advantage of this location, that’s what we do. At this point in time, obviously there is a big accumulation of grain in the interior and there is a big need for grains sometimes at the export terminals and the ability to transport that is what we possess. So I think there are many opportunities ahead of us in Q4. That’s why we are positive about.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I don’t remember the actual capacities, Diane. We used to have 50% of the Kalama and now K5 has been incorporated into that. And now with that we have share of about 32%, although still the same management rights that we had before. So with that, we basically have expanded our ability to source from two different ports, if you will. I just don’t remember on top off my head the capacities and we can get you that if you are interested.
Ray Young: Ann, it’s Ray here. So you’ll find – we’ll report WILD as part of the other segment as we kind of go through the transition this fourth quarter and setting up the fourth business unit. And so I expect that we’re going to have a lot of transaction closing costs related to WILD. And so those types of transaction costs will kind of offset some of the operating profits that WILD will generate. So I’d say that for the fourth quarter for modeling purposes, you should view as fairly immaterial. Frankly, we’re going to have a good start from January 1 with the fourth segment, and I just encourage you to start modeling the fourth segment modeling the WILD effective January 1.
Ray Young: Farha, it’s Ray here. What’s interesting is in the third quarter with all the movements of FX, the actual translation impact for this company was less than $5 million unfavorable. So you can tell that, we actually have a fairly balanced footprint. As you know, we hedge generally transactional exposures, but we also have a fairly balanced cost and revenue footprint as well. So generally speaking, whenever you see the volatility of the FX occur, you don’t usually see us reporting FX as being a major driver of our profitability.
Ray Young: Yes, lot of the – when we talk about the $0.9 billion in CapEx for this calendar year, a lot of it actually incorporates many of these investments, for example our China investments. We’re close to completion of that. That’s built into our capital budget, some of the premix investments. And the Brazil investments are going to spread out over a couple of years. So generally the way you look at it is that through really a very good capital discipline in reducing the amount of, let’s say, capital being spent on say maintenance activity, we may able to redeploy a lot of this stuff into growth. So going forward in order to finance this stuff, there was probably going to be increase in terms of the amount of CapEx that we would have, but it’s not going to be materially relative to our depreciation and amortization rates.
Ray Young: You should expect an increase in terms of the use of working capital, but again, prices have come down generally compared to last year. And hence therefore, the net increase in terms of dollar value terms is not going to that dramatic. And based upon the balance sheet that we have that will be easily financeable.
Ray Young: Yes, it is. Yes, we see it.Eric Larson – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. That’s what all I expected for an answer. Thank you everyone.
