Patricia Woertz: Excellent. Thank you, Ray. Before we take your questions, I thought I'd make a couple of comments about our recent leadership additions at ADM. Last month, Juan Luciano joined ADM as our Chief Operating Officer, and we're very pleased to have him on our executive team as he brings global manufacturing experience and an excellent track record of profitable growth.  I thought I'd take a moment to talk about how and why we grew our leadership team, bringing in Juan, and before that, Ray, to ADM. Both of these talent additions were part of a purposeful, planned, multiyear effort to add relevant expertise to our team, to prepare for executive succession and further develop our future leaders. Juan and Ray both broadened the perspective of the ADM team with their extensive global experience, particularly in key growth regions for ADM and with their valuable leadership development and process expertise as we continue to grow our company. These actions enlarge the group of people at the senior-most level who are helping develop the next generation of ADM senior leaders. As Juan takes over the leadership of the commercial and production areas of the business, he is supported by our unrivaled team of business unit presidents. We have an excellent integration plan and through the transition and beyond, John Rice and I will continue to provide Juan and the team with guidance and counsel on a range of matters, including ADM's risk management strategy. John will have more time to develop and devote to supporting our growth initiatives around the world, including the Asia region, which continues to report directly to him. I think we have an outstanding group of strong leaders. I think it's the right team at the right time to lead ADM as we execute our compelling strategy, generate strong earnings and deliver good returns, all towards the goal of driving shareholder value. With that, John will join Ray and me today for the Q&A. And Juan will join the May 18 conference in New York City. So operator, at this time, if you could please open the line for questions.
Patricia Woertz: I think, this is Pat, Christine, we have probably, still, I wouldn't say a concern, but a belief that until the regulatory outcome has E15 applicable to all cars, that it really won't be widely accepted. I think your point is correct that we have -- the lenders have the opportunity and the economic driver to blend as much as they can and are doing so. But the widespread use of E15, still some hurdles to overcome.
Patricia Woertz: Rob, let me also add that, as we've talked earlier, we think shareholder value’s created by the clear and compelling strategy, growing our earnings and the strong returns. And these projects that Ray highlighted, which you might call under the radar screen, are -- I think are more explicit examples of very good returns that will grow earnings to the base that are sort of -- you might even call it cheap creep, the ability to add specifically to many of our assets that already exist, but having them either become more efficient, more effective, higher volumes to add that profitable growth at very good returns. So it is conscious and purposeful, but in line with what we said earlier in the year.
Patricia Woertz: And maybe I'll add a bit to that from my perspective. We have a process and a reporting and a proactive effort that meets on a both weekly basis on certain elements and on a daily basis on certain elements and daily reporting processes on everything. So it's a very open communication and a process where everybody sort of knows their roles, if you ask. And people can fill in for each other in knowing those roles, and we can do it virtually whether people who are traveling or they are in Decatur. But everything does come together at this center, which I think is a bit of the nerve center that we think is a very proactive and good way to risk manage. So we've done that for a long time. We have a good view of how that works. We have a good view of the control processes around that. And it is a little bit of what makes us ADM.
Patricia Woertz: And Ryan, the other thing to always look at is the overall gasoline consumption. And so, if prices would moderate and gasoline -- of course, ethanol helps to moderate those prices because it's a cheaper component of the blend pool. But if prices would happen to moderate and we did have higher driving, that would also be a little more room there.
Patricia Woertz: So let me start, Diane, and then maybe we'll go around the table here. I think we executed well across all of our businesses. But your point of asking about 2012 is a longer-term objective associated with earnings growth and doing it at good returns. Our strategy to add to the base of where it exists today and where those, where it has the highest potential of margin expansion over the long-term is generally in the areas where we are doing the investing, which, again, we believe in global oilseeds. There is space and room to do that, and we are. The Ag Services piece that you asked about is more of a multi-quarter basis of the types of opportunities that can come at us. But we have added storage capacity, transportation capacity in order to have almost this run rate that we talked about of $150 million to $200 million that didn't exist before that exists now and the upside towards the 2x, 3x to that in times where it is strong. So from the longer-term perspective, both the investments we're making -- and I think your point is a good one with more specificity all the time. That's what we're attempting to do in the larger analyst presentations, et cetera, is to dig down into each of the business units, as well as the investments we're making and sharing where that comes through. On Corn Processing, obviously, as things would improve with our BioProducts division or going from either negative or flat or U.S. spot margins and ethanol, for that to improve, obviously, the size of our business, we would benefit greatly when that happens.
Patricia Woertz: Coming around full circle, Diane, if you think about looking at a 2012, you can imagine we probably have a range of outcomes that we're discussing, and it's based on a set of assumptions that could fall into a particular range that looks like both where we are today but moves to different directions, and how do we manage best in all of those scenarios, but yes, we feel like every year of confidence like this year adds to our confidence that we can continue to grow those earnings.
Patricia Woertz: No. I think we did perform well, frankly. So I think that is -- all environments are ones that I think our team has the ability to show different strengths, but I think volatility and difficulties and challenging logistics, et cetera, our team is unsurpassed and unmatched in terms of being able to perform well in difficult environments.
Patricia Woertz: Well, first of all, we're working with other ethanol stakeholders and the administration and Congress to think about policies that would continue to promote the industry. Not only through this year but into next year and well beyond. And that could be discussions that include variations of VTech, which I'm sure you've read about, that have opportunities to add to some of the discussions again in the long-term. I am confident in -- I am confident in it that biofuels as a policy in the U.S. and the RFS, and what ethanol has always already contributed to sort of the mitigation of higher fuel prices, the offset to imported energy, be it at the oil level or at refined product level, is a positive thing and supported by Washington. Of course, as you know, the discussions about where you have additional revenue come from, discussions about credits or a variety of opportunities to offset diminished revenue is part of the conversation. So I think that our industry will work with Washington to make itself known. And I feel that over the long-term, biofuels have a real role to play, not in 100% replacement, but certainly a significant aspect to the transportation fuel pool in this country. And I think both sides of the isle understand and know that in Washington and want to trying to find a solution.
Patricia Woertz: Yes, thanks, Rob. We thought about a short paragraph that acknowledged not only some of our customers concerns but just the overall economic conditions, which we always monitor and are always part of the risk factors, et cetera. In this current conditions, including the last quarter and even, of course as we were writing this, even announcements about finding Osama Bin Laden et cetera, are impacted by geopolitical developments that have sort of been unprecedented, so we kind of thought these confluences of events continue to be a current condition that always you should monitor, whether it’s the monetary and fiscal policies. Certainly rising energy cost sometimes have been there alone. Sometimes, there's one geopolitical event, but the fact that these were a group of events, the elements continue to be something that has the potential to affect economic growth. And again, our customers and other as you read, this isn't any different than what you're reading in the Wall Street Journal every morning or any other paper. So it was an acknowledgment of that.
Patricia Woertz: Well, thank you very much for your interest and questions today. And we'll talk with you on the call next quarter. Bye now.
John Rice: Sure, Vincent. This is John. On the Ag Services, we had a very good second quarter, and we also feel we had a very good third quarter. We tend to look at these businesses also on a year basis. And you have to remember, during the third quarter, at any given time, we got 100 ships, over 100 ships going to different destinations throughout the world. We have the period of unrest in the Middle East, and we usually have ships going over there. You have ships going over to Japan. So it really becomes a lot of logistics on where you want to offload, where you don't want to offload, where you want to have ships sitting. So it became a little bit more logistics involved in that period of time, with unprecedented volatility also during that quarter. Oilseed Processing, we have had very good man, we feel, in Europe with the biodiesel and the rapeseed margins. In North America, we're starting up the biodiesel demand right now. In South America, we're starting off the harvest. So we feel, with the sales we had on forward and how we were purchasing our raw materials, our team executed very well between the two. And it's always a little difficult in time. When you take a point in time, at the end of March you have crop reports; end of June, you have a crop report. So taking an absolute and coming up with market prices can also have a little bit of variance between the second and third quarter. But I feel very good about our third quarter results. And on a year-long basis, we should have a very good year in Ag Services.
John Rice: In Oilseeds Processing, we have lower global oilseed margins right now. We have -- with the crop coming out of South America, you have Brazil running ahead of last year. You have them exporting more meal, exporting more oil. But their Biodiesel demand should help their oil situation down there, and the Argentine crush coming on will also affect the North America. So we're in the process of slowing down our North American crush. So it's really more of a balance. And then since you're coming into a period where you have a lower carryout of soybeans in the United States and then also in Europe, watching the rapeseed crop. It's always a little harder to say exactly what's going to happen with the weather and other things. But we feel over all crush margins are a little down globally. And in Ag Services this time of year, we tend to export less out of the United States. It comes more out of South America, and exports out of Brazil are recorded in the Oilseed Processing portion and not in the Ag Services.
John Rice: Nothing accounting-wise. But we do manage risk in this company, as an overall, on a company basis. We look at it that way. So at times, we may do things in one division that makes more sense in another division, just because of how it's situated.
John Rice: During the summer, we usually see the driving miles go up and gasoline usage also increase. But with the higher price of gasoline, you don't know if we'll see the normal summer increase. But right now, the industry is running about 13.5 billion to 13.8 billion gallons. And with the corn situation this year and the steep backwardation and inverses, I don't know exactly how other people manage their inventory, so I don't know exactly how they're going to run. But I would assume people that can source their corn are going to keep running even at a close to fully breakeven because of cash flows for them. But it seems like once every other week, we see another company go bankrupt and then they get new financing. But I think it's still a situation that’s going to take us a little bit, awhile, to grow through this, but we still feel very strong about the Ethanol business, and it's probably the most competitive fuel in the world right now.
John Rice: I think you'll see plants close down maybe for the summer. We're looking at a few of those right now to help balance the supply and the demand. Biodiesel will be better, like I mentioned earlier, but the meal demand, especially with Argentine and Brazil exporting meal, make a little bit more important. But the U.S. has a little bit of a disadvantage in the world market. So I think you'll see that happen. And on the overall basis, I think with just the large South American crops, we have a situation where all the world capacity can operate. But now, as we've said in the past, we've added capacity around the world, and I do not see much more capacity being added. So we should be able to grow out this as meal demand keeps increasing around 4% here in the next year. And it doesn't take much when you have -- in these kind of markets, one ton too much or one ton not enough makes a big difference in global markets.
John Rice: Well, I have a different view. I guess I think the world is looking a little bit better than that. We -- the big difference you have in the world right now is EU, Brazil, Argentina, all have very good renewable fuel programs. So they have a biodiesel industry that is elevates the prices of their oil, which allows them to sell their soybean meal a little cheaper, let's say. And what we have in the United States, we have this uncertainty in the biodiesel program. So as that's picking up, the price of oil is coming up; as plants are coming online, we should see that same situation. When you look at that on a global basis, then it comes down to energy and logistics and whatever. And I don't think the U.S. is any more disadvantaged than Brazil or Argentina when it comes to competing in the world. It's just that when you get to this geopolitical situations that you can get those offsets. And as long as we have a biodiesel program here in the United States, I feel very good about it, U.S. crush.
John Rice: Well, we've done this before. We know how our team knows how to manage through these, but whenever you have big backwardation and big inverses, you don't know want to carry much cash inventories. So you have to make sure you're managing your pipeline accordingly. We use our railcars, we our transportation, our truck assets, along with our elevators. And we manage inventories accordingly. That's really the July Ds [ph] that we see the big inverse. A lot can happen between now and then, and what happens even on that inverse. That inverse have been going anywhere between $0.60 to a $1.20. And when we get closer, we'll determine how exactly how we want to manage our inventories. But we look at this on a daily basis.
John Rice: Nothing. We had an outstanding second quarter, and we excelled very good. And in the third quarter, we also did very good. But as I mentioned earlier, when you cannot offload ships, you have them sitting out to sea and determining when you're going to offload them, when you come down to valuations, it can make a difference. But I don't know how else to answer that. I think that we had an outstanding second quarter, and the third quarter was still a very good quarter.
John Rice: Yes, we're seeing good margins in lysine. Lysine values have been going up, especially with higher world sugar prices and lower corn prices, most other people’s substrates are sugar-based molasses, so we do have an advantage during these types in the lysine markets.
John Rice: It's more of a global situation where you have supply globally, whether it's from China, Europe, from South America. So it's the ability of all crushing plants, I shouldn't say all -- most crushing plants throughout the world being able to operate. So I think it's just a little bit of an overcapacity situation right now.
John Rice: If margins pick up from the present day, yes. The crush is running about 4 million tons quicker or higher than last year. With a good biodiesel program, that could happen, yes.
John Rice: Yes, I mean, If you recall, Rob, in the first half of the year, we had -- actually in the Oilseeds group had some negative timing effects. And that's really brought about by the fact that we're building up inventory in Europe. And just due to certain GAAP accounting rules, we can't mark-to-market that inventory. We actually carry that at the lower cost of the market. But as you kind of sell down that inventory, and that's just a seasonal pattern that we see, as we sell down that inventory, we actually then bring that thing to market as we relieve that inventory. And that's what we're seeing right now in the second half of the year, second half of the year -- second half of the fiscal year as we bring down that inventory. So assuming the prices of these commodities remain at these elevated levels, as we sell down the inventory, we're basically -- we saw some of the negative timing effects that we had in the first half of the year. So I called out that in the third quarter, there was approximately $100 million of that reversing out in the oilseed results. And then based upon what we're seeing in the fourth quarter, with continued high elevated prices and the rate that we’re selling down our inventory, I could see an order of magnitude in the fourth quarter, in terms of reversing the timing effects is similar to what we've seen in the third.
John Rice: We feel we have a competitive advantage in the ethanol industry, just because of our footprint, our plants, our locations and how we handle our inventories, how we operate our assets around it. So to put a delta spread on it, it's very tough, but we do look at that all the time, but we feel we have a very good competitive advantage in the ethanol markets.
John Rice: We have a very good group of people that work at ADM. We have constant communication of what should be done, what we feel we ought to be doing in certain markets, how we run our plants, how we don't run our plants, where we want to sell or we don't want to sell. It's constant and open communication. So it's a very good team, it's a team effort, and I feel confident about this team and with Juan coming onboard. Juan has a very good track record, and I have the utmost confidence in the team that will support him.
John Rice: I'm in the middle of it. And as decisions are made, and as Juan seeks help or what have you, I can still be in the middle of it.
John Rice: Well overall, fructose demand is very good right now. We see the industry running at very high levels. When you take a look at the Corn Sweeteners and Starch business, you have to look at that almost on a calendar year rolling basis, just because of how corn is brought to market. So it's a little bit tough on that area to actually look on a quarter-per-quarter basis. But when I look at the fructose, demand is very good. We're still very -- we're $0.20 cheap to sugar in the United States. We're $0.10 cents cheap to world sugar. So we still see demand growing, especially in Mexico, and more people around the United States just because of the cost of sugar increases food cost then. More people are looking to switch back to fructose also. So if you look at it on quarter-to-quarter, it's a little bit tough just because of how the corn flows through. But on the year-long basis, we feel very good about the Fructose business.
John Rice: Well, I think with the E15, if we get that all the legislation cleared on that, with such the price disparity between ethanol and unleaded gasoline, my personal feeling is we'll going to see some gas stations go to that. We'll have the label on it, and I think we'll increase a little bit of demand there. We are still the cheapest ethanol in the world, so we'll still keep going with the exports. But it's not going to take much, and especially with the corn situation this year and plants have to shut down just because of the backwardation, that could also give us some opportunity. But I think in the long term, it's going to be the 14.5 billion gallons to be blended. And then also, with the E15, that can make a change.
John Rice: I think it's very minimal, if any. Right now, I think a lot are waiting for the EPA waivers to finalize their waivers right at this point in time including the labeling for E15 pumps.
John Rice: Diane, I'd like to also say, with what Ray mentioned earlier, all the investments we're making globally on a daily basis, when you look at our earnings year-over-year, last year, people thought the same thing. We had a great year, this year, 4 major divisions have outperformed the previous year. Our footprint, our knowledge, our team, we can keep growing this business. And as we keep finding more investments throughout the world, whether it's big investments or small investments, with our team, our footprint, we feel very confident about things moving forward.
John Rice: And Diane, like every year at this time, we’re coming in, we still don't have much of the corn crop planted. And we don't have the oilseed crop planted. We're watching different weathers throughout the world: What's the European weather doing, what's the China weather doing, what's the -- how are our customers business? There's so many different sets of assumptions that we're always monitoring, we’re looking at. We feel that we have an excellent team that's talking about this and managing our assets accordingly.
John Rice: We don't give guidance. I guess a lot of that has to do with just on how the accounting handles -- how -- with the corn and brought to markets. But demand is very good.
John Rice: Well, I mean, most of our price in our contracts, I think the last one came in, in February. So most of the contracts have been realized in this. And going forward, I think we, maybe, pick up 1 or 2 contracts for a month in the last quarter that we’ll realize for the rest of the year.
John Rice: Well, not concerned is a little strong. But we've went through this many times, 2000, we're still -- corn planting is behind, but we're still ahead of 2008 corn planting. We're always monitoring. It's a very fluid situation. And yes, we have to manage and watch what are supply is. It gets reset twice a year around this place on raw materials, and how you balance and how you run your assets. I do think we'll get the crop in, and then you have to watch the weather and what the yields are. These are always very fluid and situations we have to watch. To say I'm not concerned, I don't know if I'm never concerned.
John Rice: And I will look at the company as a whole, on the operating earnings and how we're doing. So I'm not as concerned as long as the businesses are performing well, as 1 division is down, the other division is up. Because I actually know how we manage the businesses and the assets.
John Rice: I wouldn't say it's a shift going forward. I think we've seen the shift here in the last 3 years or 4 years and we’ve brought more volatility to the market where many feed manufacturers and many poultry and beef and swine. People are looking at whatever the best cost formulations are. So whether wheat, corn, they're willing to switch in and out more now than they have been in the past. So it is more fluid, but I think it's been that way for about the last 4 to 5 years with the volatility in the market. And whether they are feeding DDGs or corn, it's really basically the same thing, except maybe the DDGs helps our lysine demand a little bit more. So I think it's a -- we do have a little bit of overcapacity in the world right now. This is nothing unusual. And at the South American crop, 3 or 4 months ago, we are talking about a not very good crop in Argentina, and the Argentine crushers wouldn’t be running very hard. Now that's changed. We're going to manage our assets accordingly and going forward. I mean, we have to plan for the long-term in this business, and that's what we're doing. And we figure that periods we're going to have a little bit of overcapacity, but we're always managing supply with demand.
John Rice: No. I guess I'd look at it different. I think what we're seeing is we're going to see more wheat being substituted for corn on a global basis, depending on what happens with the tariffs coming out of the Ukraine and Russia, whether they're going to be exporting more corn or not, how Argentina's crop comes in. So I think it's more of a wheat to corn situation than it is soy, but when you start blending more wheat, you also affect the soy. So I think it's very dynamic, and it's constantly moving. But I think we really just need to have good crops in North America, and that will help alleviate part of the problems globally.
Ray Young: Vince, it's Ray here. Just on a couple of other things I just wanted to make sure we highlight. I didn’t mention that in this particular quarter, or the third quarter, we did have a favorable timing effect here where the oilseeds grew approximately $100 million in the Oilseeds division. And when we kind of think through the rest of the fiscal year, it's always difficult to estimate the future timing impacts because the impacts are a function of the changes in inventory levels and prices within the quarter. I recognize a lot of you folks would like to get some level of visibility in terms of future quarters. So in order to help you directionally for the fourth quarter, because we believe that European inventory levels of certain oilseeds and later products would further decline. We could see some favorable mark-to-market timing effects also in the fourth quarter, roughly in the same order of the magnitude that we saw in the third quarter. So I think that's important for you to understand that perspective as well.
Ray Young: Yes, I mean, again, I think a couple of things, we did have -- as we indicated in the press release, good ownership here. So that's an important aspect of it. And the last thing to do is, remember in Ag Services, I mean, the term I use for the second quarter, we kind of hit a home run there. We were using an analogy driving on all 8 cylinders there on the second quarter here, and you don't drive in all 8 cylinders necessary in this business every time. And so actually when I kind of look at kind of the historical performance, the recent performance of Ag Services, people will look back in 2010 and 2011, excluding the second quarter, you see that on the Ag Services division, we run on an annualized basis, let's say $600 million to $800 million. Again, you take out the exceptional second quarter, which translates so you average like $150 million to $200 million on a quarterly rate. And that's in the absence of significant market events or actions. And as John indicated, I mean, we do see inter-quarter volatility in the Ag Services division. So when I do the comparison, and I did the same thing that you did, Vince, compare second quarter to third quarter. And second quarter was an exceptional quarter, and we've done that in the past. We have had quarters of plus-$400 million operating profits in this company. So we know that we can -- when these opportunities present itself, we can take advantage of it. But when I take a look at the third quarter, I'd say that we had a very good quarter comparable to some of the recent good quarters that we've had within ADM and the AG Services division.
Ray Young: Let's put it this way. First of all, it’s important keep on diversifying our profit stream in the Corn segment. And so it's actually an area whereby we continue to see volume growth and we can seem -- continue to see good margins driven by global demand. I don't necessarily want to kind of highlight the exact number in terms of what lysine is contributing, but the trend is actually a favorable trend here, Jeff.
Ray Young: I think, Rob, one of the things that we're focusing on is growing our asset base, growing our earnings base around the world. I’ve highlighted at a prior conference, one of the things that I know that this company does extremely well is actually making a lot of smaller investments, what we call below the radar screen types of investments, which really contribute a lot towards both returns in the bottom line. And just to give you some perspective, I just got the third quarter numbers. So if you look at the first quarter to third quarter this fiscal year, we've approved about 130 smaller projects, with a CapEx commitment about -- a little over $800 million. So the average investment per project is about $6 million to $7 million, which is pretty small investment, which, again, generally we don't highlight to the outside world. But we're doing a lot of these particular projects, and these things generate good returns. In fact, these projects here, on a conservative basis, will generate plus 20% ROICs when they come online. So I think what we're seeing, Rob, is that there is a tremendous focus on growth around here. We continue to execute a lot of these smaller projects, which are below the radar screen. And the other thing that I've noticed is just the CapEx footprint. From fiscal year '06 to fiscal year '10, about, roughly 85% of the capital spending was in geographic North America. And when I take a look at what's happening in this fiscal year, fiscal year-to-date, the 85% has dropped to a little over 70%. And in the third quarter, only 63% was actually North America oriented. So I am seeing a shift. I think it's a conscientious shift in order to make sure that we are diversifying our global footprint, which is one of our key strategies right now, is to move our geographic model to other parts of the world. The other thing to note is like, when you take a look at 2011, and I think earlier here Steve kind of mentioned that, we think CapEx probably be in the neighborhood of $1.4 billion. With the Golden Peanut acquisition, you add that on to this particular list. We're basically in line with where we thought we were going to end up at this particular year -- this particular fiscal year. So I guess we're not surprised in terms of the size of this capital spending. I think this is in line with what we're trying to do to grow the company. We have the balance sheet to support it. That's another critical element as to why we continue to bolster our balance sheet in order to support these types of investments.
Ray Young: To put this in perspective, Ryan, on E15. I mean, the EPA actually indicated that cars newer than 2001 account for 74% of the current gasoline consumption. By 2014, that would -- expected to increase to 85%. So getting the blend wall increase expose [ph] from E10 to E15 is going to be very, very important. And there's a lot of work being done on that right now. So that's something where we're fully monitoring that situation in order to see how that evolves.
Ray Young: I guess just to compliment what Pat and John indicated, we're kind of actually working through our plans for next year right now. And what we're seeing is our asset base is growing. We're actually putting the assets in the areas whereby clearly, we’re going to earn good returns. There's a tremendous focus on this aspect of returns. So in the Ag Services area, we're putting in a lot of assets regarding storage and handling, both North America to support the export markets as well as around the world. And those are important investments that will help us drive earnings in the future. In Oilseed, same thing, we’re putting in capacity in critical parts of the world. That's one of the growth areas for us. Your aspect that we should not understate is that the team here does a very good job managing supply and demand. And as you know in this business, it’s all about managing supply and demand, over time build time in order to drive margins. So that's going to be a very -- continue to be a very important factor for us.  And then lastly, as you talked about Corn-to-Corn segment, I recognized the ethanol margins are kind of, on a cash basis, pretty tight right now. But the long-term trend, with essentially moving towards E15, eventually the U.S. economy is going to show some signs of recovery, and us having a very diversified portfolio of both dried meals and wet meals, we believe that's very, very good business for us longer term here.
Ray Young: We don't provide a guidance here, right? So I think one thing that you should recognize is we're looking to drive long-term value creation. So therefore, we are focused on long-term returns, and we're focused on earnings growth. And so I think it's fair to say that as we look at our plans, and if you look at our history, Diane, in terms of our track record in terms of earnings growth, we've demonstrated a consistent track record over the past 5 years, past 10 years, and looking to continue to drive this long-term earnings growth trend into the future here.
Ray Young: Again, it gets back to John's comment. I know -- and we've talked about this, Dave, and quarterly earnings are important for a lot of people. We recognize that. But we’re trying to look at this business longer term. A lot of it is due to, again, how we mark-to-market things, how we book inventory, et cetera, et cetera. So I don't want to lose sight of the fact that, looking at the first 9 months of this year, our segment operating profits are running at $3.1 billion. And that's a pretty impressive performance; that's a 28% higher than the same period 2010. So again getting back to Pat's comment, we think that this year, we were actually having a very, very good year this year. We've taken advantage of some opportunities that present itself; they executed it well. And as we head into fourth quarter, as John indicated, it's a dynamic situation. The team has been to these types of markets before, and we're going to continue to manage it. And then as we head into 2012 and beyond, we just -- we have a focus here and trying to -- making sure we drive value creation. And that's the reason why we're very much focused on long-term earnings growth, making sure that we're focused on driving returns. That's part of the reason why we're going to bring in the return on equity measure here into the company as well. So we feel pretty good about like where we're driving this company going forward.
Ray Young: Well, I'd like to say that geopolitical situations throughout the world will go away. But we're always going to have different situations as time goes on. So yes, I mean, we had unprecedented volatility. We had people managing inventory is different. Many of our customers managing their inventories different. So I'd like to say that, that goes away. But from quarter-to-quarter, it's always tough to say.
