Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.60. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $724 million. Adjusted ROIC of 9% was 240 basis points above our cost of capital. Our second quarter results demonstrate the strength and value of our geographic and business portfolio diversity. In Corn, domestic and export demand for ethanol was robust, but record industry production limited margins. This was partially offset by strong results from our corn sweeteners and starches business. In Oilseeds, good meal demand supported strong North American soybean crushing results. And South American origination and export volumes were up, leading to good throughput at our expanded origination and port network. These, combined with the flexibility of our global crush plants, helped the Oilseeds team deliver another strong performance. The Wild Flavors and Specialty Ingredients team had an excellent quarter and continues to make great progress toward achieving their targeted cost and revenue synergies. Ag Services earnings were impacted by lower margins and volumes of North American exports, as they were less competitive globally, and by a sharp upward move in commodity prices at the end of the quarter. But within our Ag Services segment, the milling business had record second quarter results We've continued to advance our strategic plan that's improving our ROIC and growing our EVA. Among numerous other actions, we closed the sale of our global chocolate business to Cargill; we closed the Barcarena port transaction with Glencore in June; and we remain on track to close both our Eaststarch transaction and the sale of our global cocoa business later this year. And we're making great progress on our operational excellence initiatives. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard activities later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So, margins in North America continued to be very, very good; very strong domestic demand. And if you remember, we announced earlier in the year that there are two facilities in the U.S., where we have added switch capacity to soybean. So, that's helping us to offset a little bit the weakness that we expect in softseeds. South American margins continued to be solid. European margins were very solid in soybeans in second quarter. We took advantage again of our swing capacity and we maxed the soybean crushing capacity in Europe. We've seen now a little bit more softness as more South American soybean mill is arriving. And in China, we saw some recovery of that. It's not where it used to be at the beginning of the year, but it's much better than last year. So, overall, we see a strong continued demand and we foresee good crushing margins for the rest of the year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Listen, I think that at one point in time we'll have to deal with that; it's predicated in many factors at this point what the farmer will do in Argentina. There are upcoming elections and all that. But we are fairly bullish given the domestic demand in the U.S. and the global demand that continues to grow for soybean mill.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So obviously, Ag Services' first half was softer than what normally is the second half. We saw it last year. It doesn't surprise us that much. If you look at the performance year-to-date for Ag Services, it's in line with the first quarter last year. So as last year, as the U.S. comes into the harvest and it becomes more competitive in export, we plan to move a very strong harvest through all our facilities. So we expect a very strong second half. We expect the U.S. to become more competitive in export; we haven't been so far. But we expect that that demand to come to our elevators very fast and being able to increase elevation margins towards the end of the year. So, at this point, we are very bullish second half for Ag Services earnings.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Listen, we have to separate the analysis in certain businesses. From a demand perspective, we continue to feel very good about ethanol. As I said before, domestic demand with low gasoline prices got increased 3% and that pattern should continue with the normal seasonality between summer and winter in the U.S. Export demand continues to be very solid in those countries that are already customers and we have many, many new countries trying to become new customers, and our team are out there trying to develop those markets. So, the issue always become the – in this relatively new industry, what's happened with the supply. And the supply has been strong so far during this year because we have a really mild start of the summer from a temperature perceptive. We expect that – right now, we've seen that even in June in July. Over the last three weeks, inventory has been flat or slightly declining for the last two weeks or three weeks. So, the industry can produce at that 15 billion gallon but not more than for a very few weeks. And then, I would say, it's relatively balanced what do we see right now in ethanol. And even at this oil prices, we are making money in our – in all our mills. And if you think about the oxygenate values, MTBE continues to be at about $2.85 versus ethanol of about $1.50 or $1.60 and the other alkylates at about $2.50. So we continue to be the most competitive octane enhancer out there. And so without even thinking about E15 growing in the background. So I think overall – I cannot call it through the months or through the quarter because, as I said, this is a relatively volatile industry as we grow into our capacity. But I think, medium term, we're pretty optimistic about the balance turning to the favor of ethanol.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. It's a complex question, Adam. Let me see if I can split it a little bit. So, the first part was – Global Trade Desk, yes, the loss on the Global Trade Desk, yeah. As you know, June 30 report created a big volatility and basically brought prices up. So, when we mark-to-market that I think the loss was around $25 million, Adam. So maybe not that significant and the prices corrected like by July 2 or July 3, they go back to. So part of that has already come back in those positions. Regarding second half, I think, maybe the export season will start a little bit later this year for the U.S. as South America continued to extend their window a little bit. But we believe that the demand will come to the U.S. and will come all of a sudden, altogether, so that will bode well for elevation margins. We think that our transportation business also will be very strong. We need to move a very large crop. I think that we're going to see the comeback of the normal carries that we see in the U.S. So we believe that a very strong crop and a very big carryout bodes very well for our footprint in North America. So, I think it's going to be heavy fourth quarter loaded, and I cannot call it, Adam, whether it's all exactly fourth quarter or slip a little bit into Q1, but we are prepared to manage a very large crop.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. We expect this balance to be like $1.8 billion. I think I said it before when I answered to Adam in the ethanol. It's difficult to call it in the short term. In the short term, there are risks to our forecast. Certainly, Brazilian ethanol could be coming into the U.S., but we continue to see market being developed outside the U.S. and the U.S. domestic market being robust. Consider these and I think we said it before, Cornell, there are out there at least 6 billion gallons of MTBE capacity that we're working very hard to replace and this product, again, ethanol is the most sustainable and the lowest cost octane enhancer. So I like to be in a positioned in a product that is very sustainable and lower cost and their alternatives. So there is a big market out there. And here we're going to go through ups and downs through all these regulations. Again, I said it before, it's relatively new industry, an industry that has started in 2007. You need to go through phases of consolidation. We're going to have credit capacity, some producers will become better producer, more cost efficient that will push some of the marginal producers into more troubled water. That will to a certain degree modify the industry. So we're watching this industry development. But at this point in time, we continue to be very excited about the potential we find in our own plants to improve our competitive advantage, and the potential for this market to grow in front of us.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. At this point in time, I'd refrain from forecasting oil for obvious reasons. But I would say, in the current environment, when I make this comment, adding the framework of the current oil prices and the current corn prices, if you will. So I'm not forecasting that they're going to go anywhere.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Let me walk you through the different businesses, Rob. Oilseeds is way ahead of last year, and we continue to see upside in Oilseeds, granted we come in against the strong comps that we had in Q3 and Q4 last year, but Oilseeds is coming very strong on very strong demand. So that's ahead of last year and that should continue to be over the year. Ag Services, as I told you, is on line for the first half. And last year, we had a second half that allowed us to deliver in the range of $850 million to $900 million. And we see, this year, again the possibility to be in that range, if we can repeat the second quarter, the second half. And with these kind of crops, we have the potential to do so. So I will say those businesses are on par or ahead of last year. WFSI is having very good performance, will hit within the range. And so that an addition of last year. And then we have in sweeteners and starches that are going very, very strongly, and it needs to offset the weakness in ethanol. I think ethanol obviously started the year very soft in Q1, it improved in Q2, it has improved a little bit over the last three weeks. So I think the issue is we have one business that we think it will deliver, which is Ag Services. We have two businesses, WFSI and Oilseeds, that will probably outperform, and that needs to offset a little bit the softness in ethanol. So all in all, at this point, we still feel good about 2015.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Don't forget, Rob, that when we divest cocoa and chocolate, when you consider we are 9% ROIC today, we are divesting basically $1.2 billion of invested capital that, for us, represent very, very low returns. So our implicit return, when all that is gone, is going to get a boost.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Well, sure. So there is some seasonality in this business, as you know, because there is a lot of juices and there is a lot of product that are sold in the summer. So the second quarter is a slightly higher from a seasonal perspective than Q3, if you will. Margins continue to be very strong in the high-teens EBITDA margins for this business. The ingredients growth that we continue to see are in the range of 3% to 5%, and when you take natural products, natural flavors products are more in the 5% to 6% range. We feel very excited about the reaction that our customers have had to our product mix into these segments, and we've been expanding the customer base to make our business even much more robust. Just to give you some example, the number of customers driving 80% of sales have increased by 47%, which show the robustness of our pipeline going forward. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the pipeline of new wins or projects that compose our revenue synergy portfolio have had a quantum leap of 75% from Q1 to Q2. So all the prospects, all the products are on trends. Those trends are strong and customers are reacting very well to innovating with us. So we feel very good about it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. To be honest, Michael, this is such a new business for us and this is a combination for us of nine different businesses that we grouped together. So we don't have a strong comp, so we don't have a lot of history to – and since a lot of this growth are the product of combination of new synergies, of new solutions for customer, it is difficult to put a target. We know we are ahead of schedule in terms of synergies and we know we're going to deliver the accretion next year; we just haven't developed the robustness of comps going forward since this is a new business for us.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. There are two things, Ann, that everybody says bring excitement to our lives in the grain business; one is weather, the other is government intervention. So we are very used to follow that, to track that. It always presents opportunity for discontinuity. Obviously, we hear the rumors that China is finding more difficult to sustain these subsidies to the farmers, but we don't know at this point in time. And I'd rarely bet against the Chinese government; they seem to be very prudent and very strategic about their moves. So we're just paying attention. Obviously, a release of inventories or a drop in price could mean a decline in prices for corn. That would probably bode well for our business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: We don't make a statement for the full quarter, so we don't commit to the position. It's very much tactical based on what we see in the supply and demands and what we see in the unplanned capacities and the weather and all that. So the team remains very flexible. I guess what we wanted to say is we're trying to maximize earnings into our business. It depends, during the quarter we may move from one position to the other. So I wouldn't make a statement for the full quarter at this point.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, the cost savings program, yeah. We are, at this point in time, a $125 million run rate of that promise of $500 million in five years. I will say, Ken, that we have probably identified enough opportunities that we know already that we can implement, that are close to $380 million to $400 million of those $500 million. And since we are one year into this five-year program, we feel that we are ahead of schedule. So we continue to find – you heard me saying about our intensifying focus on dry mills. The wet mills are larger and older. So rightfully so, when we started this program, we focused a little bit more energy there because we felt the opportunity was bigger. Now, when we look at the difference we have in cost between the wet mills and the dry mills, we feel that there are opportunities there, whether it's enzymes or yields or things like that. So we continue to find ADM is a large company, and as much as we cut cost, we continue to find new technologies that bring us new promises.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. When we started with E15, we said that we were expecting the implementation to take about five years. And I think, at the end of the day, we would like to thank Secretary Vilsack for making available some funds to invest in infrastructure. The industry has coalesced around that and is gathering money and is putting together projects to be able to participate in this program. And at the end of day, there's going to become a tipping point, and I don't know exactly when to call it, but we think that by 2017, 2018, this will become a more meaningful part of our fuel supply, and we feel very good what that will do to supply-demand balances for the ethanol industry.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No. I will say, first of all, in the medium term, situation is tough for biodiesel. In the absences of a more clear RFS, biodiesel will struggle, no doubt. I will say in our strategic intent to reduce the dependency on biodiesel, we are just getting started. You heard us about AOR, which is an acquisition we did in Belgium on a bottle oil producer. So there are three elements to our program. One is to crush more soy in Europe that produces less oil. The second is to grow our share in food industry, which AOR is one of those elements. And the third one is to increase the use of oil into industrial uses, and that's growing as well. But I will say you're not going to feel an impact until probably 2016 from our perspective.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Stephanie. So thank you joining us today. Slide 15 notes our upcoming investor events. As always, please feel free to follow-up with Mark if you have any other questions. And have a good day, and thanks for the time and interest in ADM.
