Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to Slide 10. As Ray explained market conditions in the third quarter remained challenging. Yet we delivered what we said we would, three months ago. We pull the levers that were under our control to turning a solid performance and I appreciate the team's good work.We also continue to focus on the three key areas of our growth and returns algorithm. First, we improved underperforming businesses. Golden peanuts and tree nuts, our Decatur complex and Lysine production are all showing improved results, and we are now targeting December 1st for the launch of Vantage Corn Processors, our stand-alone ethanol subsidiary.This is an important step as we continue to evaluate the strategic alternatives for our dry mills. Second, Readiness continues to spur our efforts to make ADM a more efficient, more innovative and more customer-focused company. We are seeing some truly exciting Readiness initiatives advance in the back half of this year.For example, we've completed the pilot program in one of our Oilseeds processing facilities that utilize advanced analytics to deliver real time analysis and -- of production data, significantly increasing efficiency and quality. We're now rolling this technology out to more plans, leveraging the center of excellence structure we put into place for our global operations.We've also piloted and are rolling out an innovative data mining and analytics package that will provide our merchandising and sales teams with an important new tool set to better capture market opportunities. We're also seeing good progress and results from the third pillar of our algorithm, harvesting our growth investments.Back at the beginning of the year, we said we expected 2019, to be a breakout year for Nutrition. For the first three quarters of 2019, our Nutrition business has delivered $316 million in adjusted operating profit, just shy of the total for all of 2018. Additionally, we are delivering on our synergy targets for our Neovia integration and that business is strongly contributing to our results.And we're also seeing the benefits of growth in our core businesses, from our expanding stevedoring and destination marketing businesses to the development of new applications from our full portfolio of vegetable oils to our increasing capabilities in food grade and industrial starches.We are making good progress, however, while we believe our results this quarter were solid in the context of the external headwinds we face. Our team nevertheless is not satisfied. There is still more we can and will do to reach our returns objectives.Looking ahead, we expect some external headwinds to continue in the foreseeable future. Conditions are fluid, however external conditions, good or bad, do not change our fundamental plan. We will remain focused on taking actions under our control to improve our near term results.And we will continue to advance our strategic objectives including driving growth from the major global trends I discussed earlier. We remain confident that our strategy combined with our continued disciplined capital allocation, position us well for stronger results in 2020 and beyond.With that, Jack, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ben, so Argentina change governments and of course part of these government in their previous experience has got some export taxes for the country. The country faces significant pace of their debt going forward. So of course, the economic situation is to be consolidated. And obviously the Ag industry is one of the biggest revenue producers of Argentina.So, the possibilities there, we don't know yet, December 10th is when they take power. I will say at this point in time, what's happening in Argentina is crush is down, because basically the farmer given the results of the elections are holding to their grain. So in that sense, we see lower crush which is always helpful for profitability in Europe, I will say when crush from Argentina is low. So whether that's going to happen next year or not, and to what degree. I think we will have to wait until December 10th.Your second question was on soybean meal demand. We actually continued to see strength outside China were forecast outside China, soybean meal growth is about 3%. And although there are a lot of headlines about ASF may be expanding into Southeast Asia, we need to be mindful of the relative size of the market, like Vietnam, versus a market like China. So I think that still the discussion is about China, that is what the gap in protein is.And I will say, if you look at China and with the information we can get it feels to me that the decline in the herd has peaked or bottomed, whatever your perspective is on that. And I think that the incentives at big high prices are given and the producers are having record profits right now in China. They are starting to think about how to rebuild the herd. A lot of them have shifted. About a third of them have shifted into poultry production. That has softened a little bit decline in soybean meal, because obviously you need to feed them.And a lot of people are looking at more sophisticated meals, because the whole production is being more professionalized and standards are rising. So I think that people are looking for higher quality feed producers and high quality feed of which soybean meal is inclusive in that. There is also these big prices that we have for pork, big pork inflation has created the incentives to increase weight before slaughtering. So we're seeing higher feed on animals as well. So I think in general, we continue to be positive about soybean meal demand going forward. We don't see a significant decline.Of course, I would say, we will have the balance that rebuild of the herd in China and all these things in China are going to be positive to demand, expansion in Southeast Asia is negative to demand. But I think given the magnitude of those, we are not that concerned about the expansion in South East Asia.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I mean I think that 2020 scenario excluding China will be very similar to this year, which is approximately 1.5 billion gallons. I think if you include China, again a lot of it to be a function of when you get toward a trade deal and how that is phased in. We've always talked about the fact that China if they move toward an E10 national villain for the country based upon our calculations, they could easily by 1 billion gallons from United States.I mean, because the deficit is fairly significant in terms of China production relative to their overall demand. Now what number ultimately we'll get toward in terms of a trade negotiation. That's to be determined, based upon -- I suspect a phase in terms of a gallonage over time here. So again, we've always thought that the potential could be up to 1 billion gallons down the road here.
Juan Luciano: Then also -- Tom also don't forget with these competitiveness over Brazil, we are exhausting the inventories in Brazil and due to the dryness, soybean was a little bit late in being planted that may make -- suffering been a little bit late as well. That may extend the window for the U.S. to be competitive when Ray mentioned in Q1. So that's another possibility there.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Michael, thank you for the question. Listen, we believe in the fundamentals of the crush margins business going forward. Of course, the market right now is trying to digest a lot of significant changes, whether it is Chinese soybean buying patterns and the U.S., the size of the U.S. crop. Some of the timing of the ASF impact that we will eventually see here. So I would say we've seen a decline in crush margins over the Q3, but we also see in that when crush margins decline, the industry react, because demand continues to be, as I said before about 3% and fundamentally sound. So we've seen already crush in Argentina taken down a little bit.We've seen some of the plants that are dedicated to export in Brazil, taking some of that capacity there. We've seen some shift in Europe also from soybean to rate, just because there is more profitability there. So I think that we see the industry adjusting. In the U.S., we continue to see our customers announcing production increases going forward, and if you think about what happened over the last two weeks, we've seen a recovery in crush margins of about $0.15 per bushel. So they are kind of climbing back to maybe the five year average. So again, I think that we knew that it could be a short term blip when China accounts for sporadic purchases of U.S. soybeans.But the fundamentals are there. And we think all these blips are temporarily best. So we feel good about our Q4. We came into Q4 with a reasonable hedge book for crush. We also have some positions into Q1. So we have visibility into what's happening, and we are fundamentally believers in the crush environment for 2020, given 3% growth, outside China.
Juan Luciano: Yes, no, I will say, Michael, Readiness come in several buckets as I was describing earlier. But I will say, given that a lot of those savings are coming from operations, the big businesses that own the big assets is where you see most of the benefits. So you're going to see it in corn, you're going to see it in Oilseeds and Ag Services.I would say Nutrition earnings are driven mostly from growth and the impact that our value propositions have some customers and those applications. So we are outperforming market rates and we continue to grow our EBITDA margin on sales on that and that's not readiness related. They are improving with Readiness because the whole company is get invested and executing. But it's mostly the success of our value proposition. I would say most of the Readiness efforts, you're going to see them in either corporate or corn and Oilseeds and Ag Services.
Juan Luciano: Yes. When we look at 2020, we're still going through the plan, but it will be in the range of maybe $800 million. So if you think about it -- that's why we've been trickling down to those levels from the $1 billion level. Depreciation and amortization, given Neovia these days is about $1 billion. So it will be a little bit under that. And we feel comfortable. We said it before that our five year plan doesn't have anything spectacular, put there is mostly harvesting plan.So you will see our CapEx in that range and it may fluctuate that we do things like one ADM and all that, but it will not fluctuate more than just $50 million or $100 million up or down depending on the year, but putting something in the range of $800 million to $850 million is reasonable going forward for us for the few years ahead of us.
Juan Luciano: Yes, well, the crop is late and now harvest started and then wet conditions make it stop. And I would say the farmer right now is shifting more to harvest in the beans, and they may come back to corn later. There has been rumors in South America about weather. I will say it has rained in Argentina recently that has benefited the crops. So I wouldn't put lot of issuing to Argentine weather. Brazil, we're talking about dryness, but I live three years in Brazil, Brazil is a tropical country, it always rains. So it will catch up with that. So I would say, I wouldn't put a lot of weather into South America yet.South America, weather is more important into January, February, we will. I guess here, I think the farmer will deal with this weather and will harvest the crop -- whether the crop initial results in terms of yield, you have your favorite numbers out there, may be coming a little bit softer in terms of yield that may be initially expected but too early to tell probably, Steve.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Vincent. I would say the thing that surprises the most probably is, maybe we -- without the acceleration of growth of production outside China was going to be faster its taking some of these countries, whether it is Brazil and all that, a little bit of time to grow their chickens and all that. So I would say, we didn't see right now the extra impact you now we're crushing compounds about that extra demand that we are expecting. We think we're going to see that in 2020, but it didn't happen in the second half of the year.I still maintain, what I said in the second quarter of our earnings call that second half for us will be stronger than first half. And we have line of sight on that and I can say that with confidence. So that hasn't changed. I would say in China, we see this structural shift into more professionally driven farms and productions.That as I said, is going to be a positive for us. We have not shut down any of our plans, and we are planning to, because we think that sophisticated feed rations and sophisticated feed producers like us will be seek to help the industry getting out of these. China will have to produce again and certainly we will not do it in the same conditions that they've done it today because that had broaden ASF.So we feel there is a lot of work to do and we're working closely with our Chinese counterparts in that. I would say outside China, I think that given the conditions are different, although the disease has spread. I think that the ability to discount is to control the disease is better than what China has. So, the disease can impact your country and you're going to still continue to produce and continue to be an export that we have seen it with Europe for many years. So we are a little bit more positive about that.And as I said at the beginning is that there is magnitude between what happened in South East Asia versus the amount of pork that is produced in China. It makes it just a China discussion at least from my perspective.
Juan Luciano: Yes, that's a very good question, because we need to be very vigilant. So it makes for that nobody contributes to the spread of this disease. We see the spreads, because people move either pork, people move food around countries. I would say in the feed side, I mean we have extreme care in making sure as I said that feed doesn't grow into areas where, from areas with disease to areas without the disease, and without the proper care. So I would say we have extreme measures on that. As we have a extreme measures on everything we touch, I mean we are a food company, so quality and preservation of the value chain and value integrity, if you will, is paramount to us. So very much on top of our agenda.
Juan Luciano: We expect our feed business is part of our growth in the Nutrition division. Of course, so you saw our investment in Neovia, significantly expanding our footprint in Asia. So we have very big prospects for that. And we understand, as you're pointing it out at the ASF will be a multi-year impact in the industry. So we think we're going to have to work together with our Chinese counterparts to bring new technologies and more sophisticated feeds and systems into the country and we are ready to do so.
Juan Luciano: So, a lot to wrap up in the question. So I would say, let's start with the contracting season, I mean is going as expected. I think there is no, I mean, I think everybody wants to see what's happening with corn and how the planting goes. So it may be a little bit more, may be a little slower than other years, but is progressing along and is ongoing, so we normally comment as you know in our next earnings call. So when we talk at the end of January or February on this and the results of that is going OK.I would say this quarter, it was a tough quarter for carbohydrate solutions in general. You saw that we have higher corn costs, higher corn costs than normally by this time of the year we will see a little bit more of a break -- given the harvest. And this year we see maybe a little bit better or may be basis break in a little bit more on the West than then maybe in East.I would say the biggest drivers this quarter of the shortfall, if you will have been higher corn cost, which were offset a little bit by better manufacturing costs, given the improvements that we then indicated, but not completely. And then some issues that we have in Europe, we have a business in Europe that has been affected by the Turkey sweeteners quota. And that's probably something that maybe you didn't have that much visibility as you look at the numbers from the outside.I think from a volumes perspective, volumes have evolved as expected I would say, sweeteners, remain consistent with what we've been communicated in which year-to-date, they are down less than 2%. When we look at starches, this is a better story and starches story is, our volumes were basically flat, because we are out of capacity, but we've been able to play with the product mix and shift time of that to the higher value margins. And so, we have expanded margins and of course, of our announcement of the repurposing of Marshall. So, to be able to shift some of our 42 capacity into starches, just because of the growth that, and the opportunities we seen in that, especially in the food area.So all in all, we continue to be positive about this business. Sweeteners and starches or starches and sweetener is a very solid type of business and we get good returns here. So we are positive about it.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think Adam we like to present it that way because those are things under our control. And those are not forecast, but actually plans that our actions behind those things. So we continue our -- and probably with the exception of the weather that we hope that is not going to be as exceptional as it was this year. But part of that is to continue to fix the leakages of the issue that we have indicator on lysine that we work, we are finalizing that, but we're not going to have those issues in the 2020.We're going to have the full run rate of some of the organizational changes we have this year and we are controlling that pretty tightly. So it's going to happen. As I described before, I think Readiness, we're going to have another $600 million of run rate increments. And we have those, we have the process, so we don't need to invent anything. We just need to move the project along. And then we have all the incremental harvesting from M&A and the growth and you saw the results of Nutrition this quarter.And you're going to see similar jumps in Nutrition as we go forward, we look at Q4 even Q4 for Nutrition, we think the possibility of also about doubling the results of Q4 last year. So when you have almost two consecutive quarters of doubling. You can think of what is the potential for next year. So we feel very good about that number of maybe $500 million to $600 million improvements that are under our control come into the P&L next year.
Juan Luciano: So difficult to speculate in all these -- but I would say, given the information we have on the ground in China, we do know that producers are increasing the weight of the peaks before slaughtering. We do know that -- we certainly know we have data from our team that about one-third of the producers have shifted to poultry production given the opportunity there.And we do know that the incentive, that price is providing to some of these producers, especially for the more industrial ones, they are starting to rebuild the herd. Those were, they ones that were preserved the most, if you will, and less impacted and they have better sanitary conditions. Very difficult for me to put any numbers beyond these Heather in terms of what, what we know, because it's a large country with many operations like this.In terms of the impact to us, I would say we're going to see the impact in 2020. We're starting to see the impact in Brazil or in Europe. I think the impact on the U.S., I mean, you see our customers haven't getting ready whether is getting rid of -- I mean or getting ready to export, it will depend on what's happened with the 62% tariff that China is imposing to that, if they want to get rid of with that, if they want to issue a tariff exemption, or is there is, this is part of the Phase 1 deal, we will have to see, it's difficult to handicap.I would say we will see it in Europe and South America certainly started on the first half, whether we see in North America will depend on the geopolitics of all these which I want handicap at this point.
Juan Luciano: I think, Ken, the way I tend to think about it is sometimes is not that much the volume or the delay in the harvest is, what that does to the farmers market in beef pattern, if you will. And I think what it does today, since they don't know the size they're holding to the grain. And that's where the impact comes, that's where we're having high basis today when we should -- basis should break more at the harvest, but the farmer doesn't know with 40% and at this time of the year being late, what kind of crop he has.So I think as Ray said at the end, we're going to have a big crop. There are big inventories, all that will be moved to the market. We will move that. We will try a lot of that, because it's going to be with an early, but I think the main issue is how all these things, whether it is China trade or whether it is the delay impacts farmer commercialization. That's probably the biggest disrupt for us. And today you see it in our, in some of the impact, we are getting in basis in the U.S.
Juan Luciano: It depends some -- so some will come back, because we will commercialize that and we have the assets to do that. So we will go through our assets. Some also will depend on the timing, because part of our previous years, Ag Services, great Q4s, remember counted on both having an export, simultaneous strong soy and corn export programs out of the goal. That's what made elevation margins pulp. So part of that will depend on that dynamics and we will have to see it in the Q4 of 2020 if you will.But in the meantime, I think that our team has done well, look at this quarter. This quarter results product services given the lack of export volumes for corn, we're very significant. So I'm proud of how the team has been playing it. And I think the river getting back into navigation and normal rates has helped a lot that at the beginning of the year for the first half was almost impossible demand. So I think the team has done an outstanding job and ensure they will do the same in 2020.
Ray Young: Yes, I mean, I think you're right. I mean, the general export environment remains somewhat challenge for the entire U.S. agricultural industry, but sequentially we're having a later harvest this year. So we will be procuring. I mean we have procured a lot. We will continue to procure. We will be exporting of all of the two markets outside of China.The other thing to note is that, with the wet harvest that we're having. We are anticipating to gain some significant drawing revenue as well within our business. And then also just want to remind people that, our Ag Services division really has diversified significantly. And so when you take a look at some of the other businesses such as the stevedoring business such as the global trade business, such as the destination marketing business, every year those businesses represent a greater contribution to our overall results within Ag Services.So, as I indicated in the call. I mean, we do believe on a sequential basis, Ag Services will be stronger in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter.
Ray Young: Yes. Versus last year, but probably be similar to slightly better directionally in that area, just speaking of what we're seeing here.
Ray Young: Well, we said on crush again -- so crush will be -- compared to the third quarter, crush, we expect to be sequentially down in the fourth quarter compared to third quarter. Again a lot of it will be a function crush margins kind of evolve, right, in the fourth quarter. On the case of Wilmar, I mean, Wilmar will be announced in earnings in a couple of weeks. So I think you'll have a better perspective in terms of what it means for our fourth quarter after Wilmar announces its results there.
Ray Young: Yes, I think, a couple of things. As Juan indicated, we are setting up the stand-alone ethanol subsidiary as of December 1. Just for context, starting January 1, we will report Vantage Corn Processors as a separate sub-segment within carbohydrate solution. So clearly we're in the process of making sure transactions are occurring between the new subsidiary with ADM. And so we're well on our way. And the good news is we've got quite a few interested parties that we're talking to right now at the initial stages about some form of sale joint venture or other type of structure transactions. So we're along the -- well along our way there in terms of our strategic alternatives.You're correct. There has been idling of facilities, idling of production in United States with respect to ethanol, I think the ethanol margin environment this year clearly has been extremely challenging and there's real production levels have come down. And that's frankly resulted in ethanol margins in the industry improving in the month of September, after Labor Day, which by the way it's unusual because normally after Labor Day you actually see ethanol margins deteriorate.And so there has been some rebalancing of supply and demand. You point out, there is probably been an increase, a little bit of an increase in terms of production recently. We have to watch that carefully. I think what we've learned here, frankly is that when you get supply and demand a little bit more balanced, margins do improve in our industry here. And so we're looking at that very, very carefully. I think it is also important to note here in getting back to ethanol in terms of what ultimately will drive the ethanol margins higher is that we do need to drive incremental demand here.And I think the discussions right now and the U.S. trying to trade regarding ethanol are important, as a additional catalyst in terms of driving incremental demand for ethanol, which by the way, when we buy ethanol we've actually buying corn from United States. And so that's -- for the U.S. agricultural industry, this is actually a very important part of the discussions here.We also have the special refinery exemptions. We've had -- clearly have had some negative impact in 2019, but again there's further discussions in terms of that as we go forward. So I think that when you take a look at 2020. You asked the question. Can it get worse than what we've seen in 2019? It's actually very difficult to see a scenario by the industry ethanol margins in 2020 being worse than 2019, because it's been tough in 2019. I'm somewhat encouraged to seeing, idling a facility. So there seems to be a little bit more discipline within the industry right now, in terms of just trying to better match supply and demand.But again, I do believe that it is important that the U.S. ethanol industry is strong, because that results in basically the U.S. agricultural industry being strong. And so therefore, we remain optimistic that we'll get toward some solution that will drive incremental demand and hence stronger ethanol margins in the future for our industry here.
Ray Young: Well, I think that is true. Right now, U.S. corn is not that competitive relative to say, South America, I mean, we do expect that eventually U.S. corn will become competitive. Our thinking is when we get into the first quarter, it's probably a good period whereby at that juncture U.S. farmers will be looking probably to sell more of the corn, because as they start thinking about freeing up space and for next year.So I think our assumptions right now in the fourth quarter, U.S. exports in general will be all the challenge. And that's reflected in my guidance commentary here. Getting the first quarter, you believe U.S. corn will become more competitive, so that'll probably be more movements of U.S. corn. I think the fact that you're not seeing that much pool of U.S. corn in the fourth quarter. It actually is a benefit for the processors like us because there is frankly a plentiful of U.S. corn for us to actually pull in order to put into our corn processing plants. And so, from a processing business that's a benefit for us.
Ray Young: I think, Rob, I think that when you look at soybean, Nutrition line, you could be careful because, lysine, as Juan indicated, which is part of the animal nutrition line, it's actually suffering from the impact of excess lysine, the world due to ASF. And so there is a negative number in the animal nutrition line which kind of mass -- kind of the benefits of Neovia.So when we look at Neovia relative to our deal model, it's basically in line with our deal model in the first year. Again we closed one month later. We also had some adjustments due to inventory, due to PPA, but you take that out of the consideration. It's in line with their deal model right now. And so when we look out into the future, especially given that the cost synergies are coming in a lot faster than what we thought. We feel good about the acquisition in terms of the context of our financial objectives including return objectives right now.
Ray Young: They're consistent. I mean, we always said that's important on the strategic acquisitions that by the time we get to year three that we're earning in excess of our cost of capital.
Ray Young: Adam, just to give a perspective, I know like on a quarter-to-quarter basis were down $38 million in starches and sweeteners compared to last year, but it's important get to context. I mean, milling last year we had some very strong procurement gains. This year, we have smaller procurement gains. And so the milling divisions were down about $10 million. And then on the corn starches and sweeteners, the majority of the other variance actually relate to European operations as Juan indicated. We're down in North America a bit due to just higher net corn costs.But the majority of the variance is really attributable to more of the EMEA operations, which is again a lot of this deal in the Turkish quota situation, is just due to the European sugar prices, which by the way is starting to recover right now, so there is a lot of transitory issues that are in Europe, which are going to pass here.
Ray Young: Yes, I mean basis as Juan commented, basis is actually fairly high. I mean, particularly on the East Coast, the eastern part of United States, the western side has come off a little bit but again on a -- when you look at it from a seasonal perspective, we've got extremely high basis compared to historical norms. Our -- I mentioned that part of the reason why our third quarter and North American sweetener results were slightly down versus last year is just due to the fact that we had higher net corn costs, we normally hedge a lot of it, but there is a certain portion we don't hedge. And so for the unhedged portion we incurred some higher costs.As we kind of look forward, we do believe at some juncture, corn will get commercialized. I mean the crop is out there, it's a late harvest. I mean remember only 41% of the U.S. corn has been harvested right now versus five year average of 60%. So it is the late harvest, but some juncture that the harvest will occur, there will be accumulation. And at some juncture there'll be commercialization, especially as U.S. corn becomes more competitive in the world markets. And so the timing of when basis will break. Is it going to be, latter part of the fourth quarter? Is it going to be the first quarter? To be determined, at some juncture we do believe that there will be a break in the basis here. And that will benefit the originators like us.
Ray Young: There is just other factor, right. Impact is whole, it's not just a supply issue, in terms of us procuring the crop. It is also demand since the China is not really aggressively in the market here. So it's a complicated issue, to say that just because of a delayed harvest, it has this much impact. I do think that, Ken, the way we kind of think about it is that eventually the harvest will occur, eventually we're going to be procuring all the products, eventually United States is going to be competitive in corn and soybeans. And so, eventually we will be moving the crop out to the world markets here.
