Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to Slide 14. So we have closed on an excellent 2018 for ADM. Now we're already well into 2019 and we remain focused on pulling the levers under our control to deliver another great year. We start with improving performance in certain businesses. Our team performed extremely well in 2018, but there were some select businesses that did not deliver against our expectations which means, there are more opportunities to improve our overall results. We have already taken aggressive actions to help those businesses around -- turn those businesses around. For example in the midst of industry overcapacity and compressed margins, we've announced a rationalization of our peanut and tree nut origination and processing footprint. We also made some organizational changes in that business to ensure it is structured properly to succeed among new market realities. Across the company, we've identified other businesses that we believe can do better. We have established specific year-over-year improvement targets for each of them. We'll rigorously monitor their performance throughout the year and take further actions, if necessary to ensure that they meet our high expectations. We're anticipating $150 million to $200 million in benefits in 2019 from our efforts to improve performance. The second area that will help deliver strong profits and returns in 2019 is Readiness. 2018 was the year in which we launched Readiness and embedded the change within the whole organization. 2019 is when Readiness accelerates as we take our current [ph] bank of 525 prioritized initiatives and deliver projects and cultural change that taken together will permanently change, how we run our business, creating a lasting structure under which we will be more efficient and more effectiveness -- effective. Readiness will improve performance by helping us isolate problems and implement effective solutions, help to sustain our high-performing businesses and ensure we avoid pitfalls, empower us to make more effective decisions thanks to better and more timely data and analytics, allow us to anticipate and service customer needs more quickly and more effectively, and support growth efforts by improving the processes we use to identify and evaluate opportunities and enhancing the efficiency of our integration efforts. As we mentioned earlier, we have already delivered $300 million in run rate benefits from Readiness at the end of 2018. By the end of 2019, we expect Readiness to contribute $200 million to $250 million to our bottom line. Growth efforts are our third focus area for 2019, specifically ensuring that the growth investments we have made in recent years fully deliver on their profit and returns potential. Since 2014, we have dramatically expanded our portfolio and our geographic reach with both organic growth projects and M&A activity. Taken together, we made more than $7 billion in growth investments over the last five years including key investment like WILD for Taste, Biopolis for Health & Wellness, Neovia for Animal Nutrition, Algar in South America and Chamtor in Western Europe as well as other bolt-on additions and organic investments. Now with an unparalleled portfolio of products and ingredient solutions in key growth markets around the world 2019 is the year we focus on harvesting increasing returns from those investments, which we believe will deliver about $150 million in 2019. Our path to success continues to be pulling the right levers and controlling what we can control improving business performance Readiness and growth. And by focusing on these three drivers and executing well, we are well positioned to deliver continued profit and cash flow growth in 2019 and beyond. With that, Jack please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So, we're very excited about this. I think as I said before Neovia established us as an overnight leader in the Animal Nutrition business as we combine both our businesses. The way to think about it in terms of the quantification of the impact, Eric is, if you think about my announced $150 million coming from growth initiatives, about 50% of those $150 million about $75 million belong to Nutrition. So they're going to be accrued to Nutrition. And in Nutrition, Neovia will be the largest of the acquisitions that are coming to compose those $75 million. So, with that you can get a feeling for how much will Neovia contribute and we'll start in 2019.
Juan Luciano: Yes sure. Listen, I think that as you said it before, probably the crush environment in 2019 will not be as spectacular as maybe 2018. But we still believe given global demand, the strength that we have around 3% outside China that this business will still maintain crush margins well above the average that we have seen over the last five years. On top of that, I think you need to consider about all the incremental contributions that our business will get from the Brazilian acquisition Algar, the SoyVen joint venture in Egypt, and some of the expansions that we have done to our own capacity and improvements in that capacity. On top of that, I would say you will have to add the turnaround we're planning to see in the peanut and tree nuts business in 2019. That was a little bit of an unexpected headwind in 2018. We're not planning to have the same in 2019. So, overall, I would say probably a little bit softer than 2018, but still a very solid performance by the Oilseeds in 2019.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think that's the right algorithm. So what we're thinking is you have the margins, the ups and downs of every year and then we have the things that we can control. And we laid them out and I think you repeated them very well. It's improved performance, which is $150 million to $200 million. It's the Readiness activity, which is $200 million to $250 million. We have rolled into Readiness all our previous operation and excellence activities. So we're not going to have that bucket anymore. It’s part of this Readiness. And then we're going to have the $150 million from all the accretion of growth investment that we have recently done. So you take that minus the headwinds that you described plus or minus your view of the market conditions in 2019 and that's what we consider. Still that despite maybe some modest reduction in crush margins versus the previous year, we expect that we're well positioned to grow profits in 2019.
Juan Luciano: Yes. We continue to see Adam a strong utilization in North America. We have a good book through Q1. We've seen gross margins $30 to $35 per ton in Q1. So utilization rates continue to be high. We continue to export meal and domestic off-take continues to be robust. Actually our customers are reporting -- I mean, if you talk to the poultry customers are reporting that they believe that poultry demand has not peaked. And they see through low pricing and some of the new retail options that they're being offered right now that we're going to continue to grow per-capita consumption. So we're optimistic there. In canola, in the U.S. margins are 25 to 45 maybe the dollars per ton for Q1, and we have profitable export oil flows there. So if you think about Europe, in Europe markets are at the carry. So customers are a little bit more hand to mouth. So maybe we don't have in Europe the same book forward than we have in North America. But mid-proteins meals seems to be in good demand from Europe itself, but also some are replacement in China. So that's supporting grape seed meal prices. So in general, margins are near $35 per ton in Europe. If we go to South America there is a wide range in Brazil where we have some $10 to $15 per ton crush margins growth in export facilities and where we have maybe $25 to $30 per ton in gross margins in facilities that are geared toward domestic market. Maybe domestic market facilities has a little bit better ownership of beans. And we have domestic meal premiums, but also some opportunities to export meal while Argentina still got to their harvest. Paraguay we're facing a little bit of smaller crop in Paraguay maybe 10%, 12% lower because of the drought there. So we expect to run about in the high 80s in terms of utilization there. So, maybe a little pressure there. My understanding is that crush margins have improved recently in China for Q1. They are about something between $10 and $15 per ton. So that's kind of going around the world a little bit on the crush side.
Juan Luciano: Oh, Argentina and whether we're going to export beans. So I think -- first of all, this is going to be the full season of Argentina operating without a DET. So it will be interesting to see how they behave whether they are a little bit more disciplined seller out there. I think there's still Argentina's year to sell more meal. And so I would expect that Brazil or the U.S. will take the brunt of the export of soybeans and Argentina will export the meal.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So Heather, I think you need to think about the Decatur process as a revitalization process if you will. Decatur is a plant that traditionally has been the low-cost operations for us. And so as such, we have put a lot into Decatur. It's a very integrated complex, but is also a very complex, complex if you will. And so in 2017 we have outages related to electrical infrastructure. And in 2018 we've reduced the unplanned outages because of that by 90%. So we made significant progress. Now we are -- continue to revitalize some of the equipment in the facility with planned outages this time to improve the reliability of the plant. This effort of course will yield long-term operational stability and especially at high utilization rates. That's what we try to do normally from this plant very high. I think the issue on lysine is slightly different in which lysine we introduced a lot of new technologies in both fermentation and downstream processes, basically to improve the cost position. And we've seen already evidence of those improvements. The problem is we need a stable source of dextrose from the corn plant. So lysine is receiving a little bit of the shocks of the planned outages that we're having in Decatur as we try to fix Decatur. So I will say you're still going to see some of that in this quarter and then they will start tapering-off and we should be completely out of all this by the second half of the year and you will see the improvement. But the impact in 2018 was significant. It was probably in the tune of $30 million to $40 million in each of the businesses in Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition and we expect that number to be significantly reduced for 2019.
Juan Luciano: Yes. No my comment was 2.5% to 3% outside China, outside China. China, it's difficult to call at this point in time. I think that -- we hope that the ASF situation is getting a little bit better. We've seen the government lightening up a little bit in some of the bans in transportation of pigs -- between the provinces. So hopefully that's an indication that they see this as slightly getting better. But as you know it takes an animal 18 20 months to get to breeding stages. So the rebuilding of the herd is going to take a while. So we expect that to drive -- in the short term to supply the demand of China to drive imports of either pork or chicken. And we think that that's going also support the demand in the other place where we produce. So greeting the exact demand in China is going to be difficult how do they come back from Chinese New Year? I mean how much of a psychological impact all these ASF situation has had in the Chinese consumer? We will have to look at that.
Juan Luciano: We've been close to customers and all that, and so that's kind of where the team is assuming at this point in time the demand to be.
Juan Luciano: And I think you have to say – David you have to see we have a quick start in 2018 with the $300 million, because there were a lot of ready-to-implement opportunities that actually require less capital or less changes in processes. So you can – you do more of those at the beginning. Then 2019, we'll have more foundational things that are related to processes or technologies. And then you're going to see again an acceleration as all those projects are implemented into 2020. So I think that's a little bit the cadence. We did the easy ones at the beginning. Now we're doing the more fundamental ones that take a little bit more work and then you're going to get the benefit of all that infrastructure into 2020. That's why the $300 million, $200 million to $250 million and $500 million kind of cadence if you will.
Juan Luciano: Yes, David. So, our assumption is not that the trade deal is resolved now in the first quarter. We have it more like half of the year. So we're thinking, if there are any benefits come they will come in Origination in the last quarter of 2019. I will say, whether – the different scenarios whether we have a resolution or not, it depends on what kind of end deal we – the both – or end state both governments end up into this. If these are portrayed trade war or complete dispute, I think it's going to be bad for everybody. I think it's going to be bad for the global economy, and then it's difficult to forecast what's going to happen. I would say in a scenario in which we continue like this which is a negotiation and with trade especially in agricultural products could be used as a token, if you will or as a contribution to – towards a bigger agreement. I think that we can handle the different scenarios. In a scenario in which we have no agreement probably beans in the U.S. are continued to be cheap. Crush margins will continue to be high, like maybe they were last year and we will have lower exports of soybeans from North America. In a scenario in which we get an agreement and China try to buy more agricultural products from the United States, we'll probably have higher origination -- elevation margins in Q4. We'll probably have a hopefully some ethanol flowing into China that could help ethanol margins and we'll probably have a slowing down of crush in North America, or at least, a reduction in Crush margins versus 2018. So, we are in the middle of kind of those scenarios and we manage those scenarios. And I'm not saying they are neutral to us, but we can manage through both of them and see still us maintaining our forecast for 2019.
Juan Luciano: Yeah, sure Michael. Good morning. Listen, contracting is done. Of course, we started earlier the process last year and I would say we finished with volumes and margins overall consistent with last year. So we've been able to hold margins and volumes in general. Of course, there were some pickup of both year-end losses there up and down. But in general I would say consistent with 2018 for both margins and volume.
Juan Luciano: Yes. We did several swaps and closure of elevators, just adjusting our footprint basically to where our production is and making sure that we have the right elevator tributaries to our export facilities or plants, so normal pruning and improvement of that. But we also grew our North American fertilizer distribution business, our stevedoring business. So many, many good things have been doing, the Grain guys in the U.S., also more digital tools, better marketing, thanks to the -- even providing better marketing tools to the farmers. But I will say, specifically to the footprint, I mean, we normally -- we have like, I mean, 200 buying stations. So normally there is some churning and I think the team was very aggressive in making sure that we shut down the ones that we needed to shut down and we move personnel to others that maybe had more volume opportunities.
Juan Luciano: Hard to know how our process compares to our competitor. Of course, I think one of the big advantages that I always pride ADM for having is, first of all, a great team, but also I think the fact that we keep the company relatively tight. I mean, before the acquisition of Neovia, we were a steady 1,000 people, which we handle about $60-something billion of revenue, help us to not only the agility but the sharing of information I think. Every Monday morning we have a risk meeting, where, like, 20 or 30 people are in that goal. And I think that these are people that work very well together. They know what they do very well. And in general, you know us, we try to hedge our margins, maybe to do some basis trading. But fundamentally, we try to leverage our asset base, because we believe the asset base of a company like ADM is irreplaceable, so we take advantage on that and that's where we make the money. In terms of, we would like to get bigger anywhere I think that our objective is always trying to get better. And I think that as we get better we could be bigger one day. But I think that the most important thing through Readiness and everything we do is that we are very honest. And despite we have a very good 2018, we're still not satisfied. We probably left a couple of $100 million on the table on things that we should have done better and Readiness is tackling that is how do we continue to get better before we get any bigger. So, even from a capital allocation perspective you heard us doing Neovia and we did Florida Chemicals and we may conclude that maybe another small deal that we could be negotiating here or there, but in general 2018 was a year of pausing in terms of our M&A and actually consolidate all these get our returns from all these, and again continue to think about getting better versus getting bigger. I think when we get better eventually we will get bigger, because we will be the best operators of assets out there.
Ray Young: Yes, I think -- Vincent, it’s Ray here. I think one of the important initiatives on Readiness is this aspect of getting towards common global processes and standardizing our activity. So, over the course of 2018, we did centralize more of the purchasing activities, the procurement activities, right? So, we took some of the activities out of the businesses and centralized it. Same thing for marketing activities. And so therefore, it's actually important as part of our whole Readiness initiative to actually get these groups together in order to kind of drive the standardization and the common processes. So, therefore, the -- part of the increase year-over-year is due to this type of centralization. The other part of the increased corporate cost is what we talked about is our investments in R&D, investments in information technology, the business transformation. Even though they're spending, we do view these things like investments, right; in terms of better the company for the future. And so it's really -- those are the two main drivers in terms of year-over-year costs. When we actually look at our core central staff cost, they’ve actually gone down year-over-year, right? So, I mean, normally when people think about firm, you think about core costs and those costs are actually being driven down. So I think that we're trying to drive down that costs, take some of the savings, there's some shift in terms of some costs moving towards corporate as we centralize activities, and we're investing more frankly in terms of the innovation, R&D, and business transformation.
Ray Young: The net impact on mark-to-markets in Oilseeds for the quarter was not material. So, therefore, normally we would call out if it was something above $50 million. The fact we're not calling out anything indicates that it was not a material impact for the quarter.
Ray Young: Yes. And Adam don't forget then the Other segment. Okay? And this year was burdened by a lot of underwriting losses. We're assuming 2019 to be more of a normal year. So I gave guidance of $120 million in Other versus this calendar year was more like a $58 million number. So don't forget that delta as you kind of build up the model as well.
Ray Young: Yes. Just so -- so for clarification, so the $1 billion run rate by the end of 2020 is a run rate right? And as we've talked out not necessarily everything on the run rate will flow through the bottom line, because there's going to be some offsets in terms of either inflation or just reinvestment of some of the savings. What Juan indicated in terms of $200 million, $250 million savings in 2019 represents the year-over-year improvement from Readiness. So therefore, this would be additive towards the 2018 results and that reflects the combination of the run rate savings that we're going to generate this year, but also some of the run rate savings that we generate at the end of 2018 flowing through and net of inflation here. So this is a net number that we're talking about in terms of improvements in 2019 compared to 2018 from Readiness just for clarification.
Ray Young: I think we indicated that we're going to be $100 million per quarter, so $400 million for the calendar year. That's what we're seeing that should be for 2019.
Ray Young: We were higher in 2018. We're actually -- I think we're higher than that. I think we're just -- we're going to be higher, but I think it was about $40 million or something like that. But we can just follow-up with you on a one-to-one afterwards.
Ray Young: No it does. It does. I mean -- and so it more than offsets in terms of the impact. So we can follow up one-on-one with you on the incremental year-over-year on a managerial basis.
Ray Young: Well, I think Juan was talking about growth in general right? It was going to contribute about $150 million. And while that…
Ray Young: Yes. I think the team continues to look for more opportunities. It's just, all the numbers have grown dramatically, more than doubled over the past five years. I think the rate of increase that you're going to see going forward volume-wise is going to be probably lower in terms of the rate of increase, because we've gotten to a lot of the markets that we are initially targeted. But clearly, they're still markets. For example, in Southeast Asia, in parts of Central America, parts of Middle East that we still view, there's opportunities for further growing that business. So I would say there's still going to be growth, although, not at the same rate that we've seen in the past few years.
