Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, all, for joining us today. This morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.82. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $793 million. First, I want to report that in the fourth quarter of 2017, we delivered the best quarterly employee safety record in our company's history. And in 2017, we have three separate months in which we achieved employee safety records. These are not minor or ancillary achievements. We, of course, value safety for its own sake, and we see that going hand-in-hand with overall performance. We ended 2017 with a solid fourth quarter. We pulled the levers that were under control, including cost and capital initiatives and interventions throughout the year to help us deliver value for shareholders. For 2017 as a whole, we delivered double-digit adjusted earnings growth, improved returns on invested capital, and generated positive EVA. And given our solid cash flows, earlier this morning we announced a dividend increase of $0.015, or 4.7%. Looking forward, we continue to focus on our own actions to be the drivers of our success. Our increasing international presence and expanding capabilities in areas such as destination marketing, food and beverage innovations, and health and wellness, all help to position ADM for continued growth and value creation as we implement our strategy. All of these factors lead us to be optimistic about 2018. When I look at ADM today, I see a company that is poised to capitalize on macro trends, harvest our recent investments, and reap even more benefits from our actions. Later on this call, I'll discuss further the outlook for our businesses. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thank you, Ken. I think we see WFSI should have a very good year. At the last earnings call, if you recall, we talked a little bit about $30 million of P&L impact in the 2017 results due to some of the investments and start-ups that we were making during both 2016 and 2017 we should not have in 2018, and we're going to start seeing the benefits of those plans coming into operations. So, we feel very strongly about WFSI will have a much better year than 2017. We see Corn continue to grow, Sweeteners and Starches, the business internationally, and the North American business should be able to maintain the margins that we achieved in 2017. We see, of course, some uncertainty for the calendar year with overall industry ethanol margins, but we are particularly encouraged about the demand side of ethanol, especially from exports, where we think that they're going to grow into China and Brazil this year having been major contributors. For Oilseeds, we are very encouraged how the supply/demand appears to be getting tighter for mill and oil, and we've seen that a little bit through this quarter, and we've seen that in Q1. So, our plants are running hard, and we see a lot the headwinds that we had last year subsiding this year, whether it was the competing alternative proteins or a lot of crush from Argentina or some issues in terms of avian flu and all that that have subsided for the most part. For Ag Services, I think you saw a little bit of this quarter. I think there was very effective management of the business in 2017 we reduced and we optimized some of the operations in Global Trade and we expanded destination marketing. And we're going to see a better result from that, mostly self-help improvements as the year go by. So, we still feel very strongly, as I said, about 2018 in the different businesses. When you put on top of that our cost improvements that we continue to execute on and the benefit of a lower tax rate, we see a very strong 2018 and another year of growth earnings for us.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Ken, we have a growth strategy and our growth strategy, our growth part of it has three pillars fundamentally that we've been implemented, and I think we've been consistent over the last few years. One was the geographic expansion. We continue to make ADM better balanced geographically, and we've done a good job of completing the value chain in Europe. If you think about six, seven years ago, Europe was mostly Oilseeds business. Now, we have our Ag Services as we bought Toepfer. Now we have also milling in the UK. We also bought Eaststarch and we expanded corn also with Chamtor, and now we have WFSI. So Europe has been built to the extent that the U.S. is built, and now it's a matter of driving returns. We've done the same in South America, but South America is trailing Europe in that regard, and the same has happened with Southeast Asia. So that will continue, but it's very selectively, and we said strategically invest, because we don't want to just invest to be big. We just want to invest to plug holes in our value chain. So that's one aspect. The second aspect was getting to the 25% of Wilmar that we have gotten, and we implemented that last year. And the third aspect of growth was to continue to drive the market-facing units, the growth in it, whether it's food and beverages, whether it's personalized nutrition, whether it's animal nutrition, and we will continue to do so. So those are the three allocations of capital, if you will, and the three strategic thrusts from a growth perspective, and we haven't deviated from that. We opportunistically do one or the other depending (00:34:25) achieving the best returns. But strategically that continues to be the focus.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, David. So, Ag Services is a very important part of our business. The reason we said before that we were going – and I think we said it in the last quarter earnings, that we were going to deemphasize maybe the capital into that area is because, as we look at the world going forward, the increase in production will come mostly from yield. So for more intensity, more precision agriculture, but about the same area. So we didn't feel that from an Ag Services perspective to keep our share of origination, we needed actually to go geographically to add to our footprint. So we continue to add to make more efficient that chain, to make that seamless integration between the grain business and the processing businesses. And in places where we feel underrepresented or we need some asset, we've been putting the asset. So, the investments in El Tránsito in Argentina we made last in the port, the investment in the Porto de Santos, the investment in the port of – the northern part of Brazil. So, think we've been doing that. We continue to improve our barge line in the Danube River. So, I think it's just a matter of where do we see the need. And at this point in time, we felt the need to build capabilities what's higher in the right side of the value chain versus in the left side, given what we see going forward.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Good morning, Rob. So, let's take the question in two parts. So, the first one is a little bit of continuation of the question from David in terms of our allocation of capital through the value chain. What we felt, as we look at our business, is, as I was saying before, that the left side, if you will, has been more developed over time in ADM. That's why we went geographically everywhere with Ag Services and Oilseeds. Actually, was Oilseeds first and then we back integrated into grain. So, naturally, Ag Services and Oilseeds has been earlier into Europe, earlier into South America and with Wilmar earlier into Asia. So, what we were planning to do with the value chain is actually beef up the right side of, if you will, Corn and WFSI, just because of our lack of volume or our lack of critical mass in different geographies. We are not in Corn in South America, we were not in Corn in Europe, and then we needed to build the value chain to make ingredients with our complete footprint. So, that was a little bit the discussion about we didn't need that much on the left side versus the right side. In terms of our expectation for Oilseeds is, we are running today basically as hard as we can, and we are maximizing every shift that we can to soy in our footprint as long as it makes sense. So we are very bullish about that market in particular. The issue is the business has many opportunities to apply operational excellence and continue to extract more from those plants. And before building new investments, we'd rather debottleneck and make – and continue to build those plants into very integrated facilities. Our facilities are very well-integrated with refineries, with switch capacity. And I think the end game here is, can you grow having your assets more efficient more than just having diverse assets, isolated assets out there? So, we will continue to build that footprint, but that footprint, as you build in existing footprint, makes capital investments more efficient, if you will, than in other places where we need to build a new capacity. So, in terms of the availability of capital, it's naturally shifted to the right not because of any lack of demand on the left side. It's more like what we're trying to build and the footprints we started from. So, strategically, not much have changed in that sense. Maybe on the other one, I'll let Ray – it was about...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thank you, Ann. So, it is clear that it wasn't the intent of the revised 199A provision to make this change in the industry, if you will. And so our team has been engaging in Washington on that, and we have received assurances from senior members of both the Senate and the House that they recognize that Section 199A has significant unintended consequence, and it will be fixed legislatively certainly in the near future. So, I would say at this point in time, very minor impact we have felt commercially. And when you heard yesterday Chairman Brady making expressions about this will be technically revised, I think that have a calming effect on markets, and whether it's coming now or coming in the next month, it's coming in the near future. So, as I said, we have received assurances of that, and we believe that will happen.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: If we didn't act, it will. But, of course, the team has been looking at options and we are working on – in parallel on potential options to offset that. We don't want to go there. We think that technically it will be revised, and that's our main thrust. But, of course, we're not going to sit idle and see ourselves losing share.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Ann. Yeah. Operator>: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. No, at this point in time, we continue to see the improving margins. Actually, at this point through all our operations, I would say, whether it's Paraguay when the lower crush in Argentina, whether it's European soy crush, Brazil, North America, so I think that in general, we have seen this wave of improvement. I think that part of the issue is wheat is – their relationship with corn make them less competitive, if you will, to be in the Russians (00:50:52) at this point in time, does not (00:50:54) help soybean mill. So I would say, at this point in time, we continue to see opportunities. I'm very bullish about that business as it develops. We have noticed in some parts of the business a little bit of lower protein, but we don't see a big impact at this point in time that's making change our forecast.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: A couple of things. You know as our margins expand, sometimes we take negative mark-to-markets, which will have to be reflected probably in Q1. And also, we still have the uncertainty of the biodiesel tax credit, which is difficult to know. Obviously, last year we had it. So far this year we don't have it. So, as we think about that, and as you point the third factor, which is last year Wilmar has an unusual tax impact that they normally won't get this year, so even if their results were good, we will still be trailing last year. So, those are the reasons for my comment of being low versus – or being under last year results.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. So, some of the leakages – and I may get the buckets right 90% of the time, but I would say one important one is what we mentioned in Ag Services, the Global Trade operations. I think the team has done a tremendous job of closing offices that actually did not perform well historically and we have some of that. We have restructured and combined offices in places where there was an opportunity. So there is a lot of cost they are taking out of there and there are improved operations. We have shut down Bolivia and sold Bolivia. We have restructured Peoria in terms of taking 100 million gallons of fuel ethanol out of there. You pointed out, there were a couple of issues in some small acquisitions in WFSI, in the case of SCI, is a very much on trend type of product, all the ancient grains and seeds. They have a very soft first half of last year from a demand perspective, and also we have some operations problems. We restructured that. We split those operations, and they are very, very – much better managed these days. And we have seen demand of that coming back up in the second half, so we – to the point the demand was flat year-over-year, because second half was strong. So, I would say, if you take those combinations, there were leakages in every business, if you will. And we have a portfolio of products that we look at, and we assign an improvement forecast for the following year with actions on that. So it's a very disciplined approach. And this is one of our pillars of that improvement. That package of improvement year-over-year is about $100 million, and we feel comfortable that we have enough actions there to deliver on those.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. I think that in the cost savings, we have this program. We've been running it for – I don't know – five years, six years, something like that. I think that cumulated savings have been about $1 billion already. So this year, we look at that again. It's about $200 million run-rate savings. I would say, normally, Corn leads these, because it has the largest plants. But I would say last year was a strong contribution from also the other three businesses, Ag Services, Oilseeds, and WFSI. I think you're going to see a continuation of Corn and a pickup in Oilseeds in terms of contribution to that. So, that will be the $200 million this year. Lysine, in all that, you mentioned it before, and I would like to give kudos to the team. They make a significant improvement this year in terms of yields, and that we are about halfway those improvements. So part of that will also come in 2018.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes. So, Sweeteners and Starches continued to do well in North America. If we look at the combined demand, if I look at the combined demand for wet milling products in North America, combined domestic and export, was up modestly in 2017 versus 2016. So we still see our capacity being pressured there. Total demand actually for liquid sweeteners in North America was also up slightly year-over-year. Overall, I would say, we are pleased with the mix of sweetener contracting in North America for 2018, with pricing that will protect our overall North American margins in line with 2017. So, we continue to see positive developments there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, Eric, we estimate exports last year probably ended a little bit higher maybe than $1.3 billion. Our team would probably put it at $1.4 billion. We saw a pickup late in the year into exports to China or Brazil. And we see that drive in 2018 to probably a number between $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion. Brazil, China coming back to big exporters into big importers from U.S. and continue with some of the traditional destinations, Canada, India, Gulf States. So, we see strong demand in Brazil and we see China driving into their 10% and not having enough capacity to supply that. So we will have China and Brazil for the next two or three years being big importers from North America ethanol.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, Eric, I think if we go around the world, and you mentioned some of them in your comments, we already know enough probably to conclude that 2018 weather will be less favorable to crops than it has been – that weather has been over the last four years. So, whether it's Argentine dryness or whether it's the South Plains here or whether it's a little bit of Russia or Australia commentary or whether it's South Africa having a drought and impacting corn, we see things tightening up a little bit at the time when demand continues to be very strong. So, that could bode well for Ag Services business, yes.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Well, there are many. I can go through the different businesses. So, we're going to have the full year of some of the acquisitions that we made, whether it's Chamtor or Crosswind, in pet treats or industry centers in the destination marketing. We're going to have Campo Grande, the largest specialty protein complex that there is that we started in South America. Those are six plants into one complex, and that took us the last 18 months to bring into production and we're going to have a full year of that in 2018. We will have the benefit of Tianjin. We're going to have the Fibersol plant having a full year of operation. We have expanded our color plant in Berlin. We are expanding some of our Eaststarch facilities in Eastern Europe. So, there has been many (01:03:58) around our business. And that's why I always remark that I'm very proud how we manage cash flow and we manage earnings on these two years of soft commodity markets, if you will, while we were heavily investing. We thought that – I explained to all of you before that some of the valuations in the market did not justify have to go into big hunting for M&A, and we decided to go organic growth. We took a hit in the P&L over the last two years in that, and we believe that all that is coming on stream. Of course, you don't make money day one the moment you turn on a plant. So our forecast will be more back-end loaded as these plants ramp-up and they start to be completely sold out, but we believe that all that will contribute in 2018. And that's why our forecast, going back to the original question from Ken, is our forecast go from a relatively more flattish Q1 to a higher expectation for calendar year 2018 as a whole versus 2017 is because of this ramp-up of some of these investments.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Okay. So let me see if I can cover (01:05:45) all that. The team did very well in Q4 managing the end of the year. And as we look at what happened now, so margins were not very good going into this quarter. And, of course, as always happen during this time of the year, plants in the industry don't run that well in the winter. They run at a slower capacity. And this shows when the industry have some discipline, if you will, in productions, margins start to climb up, driven mostly by exports, steel, gasoline domestic demand is not something to write home about, but exports continue to be good. So, in that sense, we expect a little bit of better margins now. Then we're going to have the normal development every year, which is refineries and everybody goes into maintenance in preparation for the dry wind season and, hopefully, we're going to have a good dry wind season, and we're going to see margins come up into the summer. Then we're going to produce too much in the summer, like we do every year, and maybe margins temper towards the end of the year. In terms of our progress into the ethanol dry mills, we made the restructuring into Peoria, and I would say we will continue to look at opportunities. We are engaged with people, but we're not going to make any decision that is bad for our shareholders. We don't have a rush to do anything here. We make cash flows. So, strategically, we're not going to build one building the next dry mill. And at the right time, at the right – in the right conditions, we are planning to divest or joint venture those dry mills. At this point in time, nothing to update you on.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Jack, and thank you all for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we'll be participating. As always, please feel free to follow-up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. For 2017, David, the rate was 24%, but it was 28% if you exclude some of the discrete items. So, we did have some favorable tax items in 2018. Normally, these discrete items could be plus or minus. Last year 2016, it was a minus. This year, it's a plus. How I would like to think about it is like 28% is kind of like our normalized rate. So, therefore, with U.S. tax reform, we'll go from a 28% type of rate to a 21% to 23% rate. That's how I kind of think about it, David. So, in the context – I mean, just to give you context, so for 2017, if you take the midpoint of the range, say, 20% to 23%, which is 21.5%, relative to 28% on our $1.6 billion of pre-tax profit, it's about $100 million of benefit if you were to apply that into our 2017 results.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: The way to think about it, David, is the additional cash flows, in my example, the $100 million benefit in 2017 if we had tax reform, I would view it in the context of our capital allocation framework. So, therefore, our offering cash flows will actually go up by $100 million. And then we will actually invest that cash into context of our allocation framework, which is, as you know, the three pillars, being there's capital investments, there's return of capital to shareholders, and there's M&A. So, that's how I would be thinking about it. There's nothing specifically targeted towards the $100 million, but it goes into the context of our allocation framework in terms of how we're going to maximize shareholder value.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. So, Rob, on the question, we view our balance sheet at ADM as being a competitive strength, and that's the reason why we have maintained a very strong balance sheet. Over time, you've seen us increase our leverage. And as I indicated in the call, we're around 27% net debt to total capital ratio in terms of leverage position, which I view is actually a very comfortable position for our company where we are right now. It is important to maintain a strong balance sheet in order to weather volatility in the markets. We saw what happened in the equity markets yesterday. I mean, these things can happen in the ag commodity markets as well. We've seen in the past whereby commodity price spikes could cause $4 billion to $5 billion increases in working capital. So, therefore, it is important for us to maintain a solid balance sheet with a solid investment grade credit rating. You asked the question, will we ever divert from our A rating, from my perspective, you never can say never, but from my perspective we've got so many avenues in order to raise capital for our company, whether it'd be through some of the monetizations that we've done. We've done partnerships with people. We buy equity. So, therefore, from my perspective, maintaining a solid investment grade credit rating, a solid balance sheet is paramount for us to allow for flexibility in terms of handling working capital spikes, as well as maintaining flexibility in terms of managing our portfolio.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. As I kind of look at the metrics in terms of debt to total capital, as well as debt to EBITDA, we felt that those ratios were approaching levels whereby we felt comfortable. And frankly, I do feel comfortable where we are right now. Now, going forward, as I indicated, in 2018 our plans for share repurchases is reduced more or less to offset dilution. But again, this is all in the context of like what kind of additional cash flows we can generate if we have additional monetizations that we were going to do. That could open up more flexibility to do additional share repurchases as well. So, therefore, again, everything's in the context for capital allocation framework that we announced back in 2014.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Sure. In terms of our annual WACC for 2018, we did go through the analysis in terms of adjusting for tax rates, interest rates, risk premiums, as well as beta. So, we actually went through the full in the month of January. And where we ended up after going through all those numbers is that, we'll be increasing it in 2018 to 6.25% factoring all those various components. With respect to our hurdle rates, as you know, we set our hurdle rates very, very high, well above cost of capital. And in addition, as you know, our long-term return objectives remain at 10%. So when we went through the analysis, even on our long-term WACC factoring in all the updated analyses, our long-term WACC number of 7% is still consistent with what it should be based upon the calculations. But we agree that the short-term WACC or the annual WACC number, based on the revisions of interest rates and tax rates, is going to move up to 6.25%.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. I mean, as you know, Ann, we always want to strive to get returns well above our annual WACC, so that will be our objective here.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: We're not counting it in 2018 first quarter, although there are strong indications that that may get approved sometime in the first quarter. But we're not actually forecasting it in our plans right now.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Adam, how I would be thinking about this on a year-over-year basis, the $200 million that Juan talks about is a run-rate savings at the end of the year related to our readiness initiatives. We also have some of the benefits from 2017 that will flow into 2018. And actually some of these savings we actually reinvest back into our business, as well as there's going to be offsetting inflation. So, how I would be thinking about the cost savings, Adam, is year-over-year from 2017 to 2018 the net pickup in terms of cost savings will be about $100 million. That's how I would be thinking about from a modeling perspective.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yes, it's $800 million. We talked about that in the last quarter as well. And as we finalize the plan, we believe the $800 million level would be the right level of CapEx for 2018.
