Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. This morning, we reported second quarter net earnings of $223 million or $0.34 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.46 per share. Segment operating profit was $647 million. The team managed well through this period as tight U.S. crop supplies reduced overall volumes. Also, our corn results improved significantly amid a volatile ethanol industry conditions. During the quarter, we continue to work to improve the company's future returns and earnings power over the cycle. Our effort to unlock cash reached $2 billion, with the team reaching this milestone a half year ahead of schedule. And in costs, we made solid progress toward our goal of $200 million in additional cost reductions by the end of 2014. Our cash flow in the second quarter was strong, and we reduced our debt significantly.  We've received 6 regulatory approvals for our acquisition of GrainCorp in Australia, and we await the final 3. Looking ahead, we will be managing through tight crop supplies until the forecast large, but delayed U.S. harvest. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray. 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Juan. So let me summarize. Segment operating profit up 19%. Ag Services down on tight U.S. supplies. Oilseeds had strong crush and origination, but weak cocoa results. Corn was up with volatile ethanol conditions. And we have to carefully manage the inverse as we look toward a later harvest. And very good ahead of schedule progress on the 3 Cs. Now before Craig Huss joins Juan, Ray and me for the Q&A, I wanted to let you know that this will be Craig's last quarterly call. After 37 years with ADM, he is retiring later this year. Craig has been a huge presence at ADM: his size and voice, and certainly, his contributions. So thank you very much, Craig, for all of your efforts.  And with that, operator, if you'll please open the line for questions. 
Patricia Woertz: Tim, certainly conditions that have negatively impacted our cocoa business have subsided or moderated a bit. And this isn't the business we have to sell. We've been doing a very careful portfolio review. And as I know you'll understand, if the discussions are ongoing or if there's a process underway, it's premature to comment on that process. I will tell you that we're very disciplined and we look at portfolio importantly. It needs -- we need to take into account the both financial objectives and how it fits into our strategy. So in terms of confirming that we have -- we're taking a look at this, I can say that, but I can't say any more than that. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, you can imagine if we have about $10 billion in cash that we have lots of opportunity and options. And of course, you -- as we've talked about the GrainCorp acquisition, we still believe it's on track to close by the end of the year. We hope for that. And we can take the uses of cash, including -- we started back our share buyback program. We are going into a harvest, as you know. So it's just a normal cycle. We'll have a need for cash. But we have lots of flexibility and extremely strong balance sheet. 
Patricia Woertz: Ann, let me start and then maybe Juan wants to go through by business a little more. Given that the U.S. is likely to produce a record crop, as your statement indicated, we think conditions are definitely unfolding in a way that would produce some very good conditions for us. But I would add, even more importantly, it's the work that we've undertaken as well with the progress on cash and costs and capital, as well as acquisitions and our investments in a higher return area that position us. We're thinking very well about the opportunities in 2014, a potentially very, very good environment and very good work that when that environment hits can position us for higher returns. Maybe by division, Juan can comment. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, our timing is still within the process of our expectations. You never know when a new election could have been called when we look back earlier in the year. But we believe that we are -- we've worked with both the Australian regulatory agencies, as well as outside and we're pleased that we have the 6 approvals that I mentioned. And the 3 that remain include FIRB in Australia, South Korea and MOFCOM in China. And I think we're on track for what we thought would be a good taste. We're very respectful of processes and each one have their own regulatory processes to go through and answer questions and so forth. And I feel like we're on track. 
Patricia Woertz: Vincent, maybe adding to Juan's point a little bit. I think we always have thought that there'd be continued volatility even through 2013, until you get the additional bump of the RFS. But import volumes should also decline as we kind of go into the fall. And the integrated network we have, I think, it's a core competency to be able to serve the business and move those volumes around as needed. 
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll start with Washington, and Juan can comment on the economics, which I think economics drive is more so almost than anything else. We did have hearings take place this summer and we heard that the RFS is an important issue. It is important for assuring market access to ethanol. The producers don't control the infrastructure. So consumer's ability to buy E15, E85, et cetera, continues to be important. We heard the White House reiterated support. I think it called it the backbone of the climate policy, included RFS. So you have to remember, for Congress to try to pass anything, there needs to be agreement in -- agreement by both houses and both parties, et cetera. So I think that's the less likely pressure. I think you'll see more the pressure of economics associated with additional blending and RIN sanity somewhat happening. 
Patricia Woertz: Christine, we remember that, that 15 billion gallons is really how the industry has been built out to meet that requirement in 2015. And some of that is not running. Some of it maybe is a bit more -- or permanently might fold and maybe others will change hands, but we don't see it being built in a greater capacity than that 15 billion gallons. 
Patricia Woertz: Diane, I'll even reinforce what Ray has said. It's not a more conservative approach at all. I think we need to think about as year end approaches the year, there will be some significant needs for cash. And we are positioned to take care of those with a very strong balance sheet. 
Patricia Woertz: We have one already received in Australia, which is the ACCC, the Competitive Commission, and we're waiting on FIRB, the Foreign Investment Review Board, so that's one. The second one is South Korea, and the third one is China or with MOFCOM. 
Patricia Woertz: And Rob, on your share buyback question. I don't think the GrainCorp acquisition and share buybacks are mutually exclusive at all. I think we're dispositioning ourselves. And we did do some share buyback this quarter and I think the possibility of pace and amount can potentially increase as we go forward in 2014. 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in ADM. If you look at the last slide, it does show 1 investor event. As always, if you have any questions, follow up with Ruth Ann today. And thanks very much for your time. Bye now. 
Craig Huss: Tim, this is Craig. I would say that you've heard a couple of times that the crop is going to be a little delayed. And I think that the main reason for that is this crop is so healthy and it's 64% good to excellent. I think we'll have bigger crops. They may be a couple of weeks later, but we are recharging the process where our storage should be full and it should help us going forward. As far as the farmer selling, he probably will be a reluctant seller at some point, but -- for example, the $14 billion ballpark corn crop, there's going to be -- there will be plenty to move. 
Craig Huss: No, I don't think it is at all. I think the on-farm storage, it just increases total storage and it may delay at times, the point at which they sell the crop. But they have the same pressures and incentives today they've always had is to forward thinking what they think it will do. But I -- it may take a little pressure off selling at harvest. But overall, I don't think it makes a major change. 
Craig Huss: Sure, this is Craig. I think, first, a large crop doesn't necessarily squeeze margins anymore than a small crop does as people are pushing to whatever capacity they can through their assets. So I don't like to tie those 2 together. We will meet some demand. But we have all these assets that we've talked about for the year that are not being utilized. And we, as the largest storer of grain in the United States, we will be filling those assets. And we'll manage those depending on the cost of carry, et cetera. But I think we've had 2 substandard crops and this is a recharge that is just essential for ADM and we plan on taking advantage of it. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, this is Juan, David. Listen, the market today provides an incentive for people to blend ethanol. And I would argue that E85, for those people that are pricing it correctly, it has -- we have seen some of the volumes for these distributors, if you would, tripled. So there is an opportunity there. There is elasticity and good demand will come if this ethanol is properly priced and that passed to the consumer. There is also, if you've seen the very level in several countries -- in several states and we have counted already 10 states in which all the regulations have been -- are in place for this to be implemented. So we believe that people have options to blend more. And so we believe that the RIN price is a reaction to their behavior and they could price ethanol more effectively. That will increase demand and they don't need to resort to RINs. So that's my position. 
Juan Luciano: I think to the extent that the RFS impact us, we feel very confident that, that regulation will be maintained. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, David. I think that we said it before that it was going to be slow and we didn't expect a material volume in 2013. We think that as people get more comfortable and more states have the regulations in place, this will start to proliferate. Also as people tried this effectively, I think that the incentives, especially on a larger corn crop, the incentive to blend ethanol will be there. 
Juan Luciano: I think we said it before, David, that we are very optimistic about the ethanol future for '14 and '15. 
Juan Luciano: Sure. Ann, the way I look at the conditions in the future and maybe you can take Q4 since it's going to be a quarter that we're going to see -- start to see the impact of the new crop, we will see in that environment certainly North American crush utilizations coming up in oilseeds. We will have seen an improved softseed margin environment with a big canola growth in Canada. I think we will see, with lower corn prices, that will favor the relationship between corn products and some of the substitutes, so product inclusion should increase. I think you're going to see better blend in economics. They will entice more blending in terms of ethanol, maybe even improved sweeteners exports as you see a better relationship may be potentially between corn and substitutes like sugar. I think, fundamentally, what we see is that a larger crop will allow us for a better utilization of some of the investments that we've done in the past. So you take that is a source of improved earnings. As I said before, I think that we are optimistic about ethanol margins for '14 and '15. And certainly, a larger corn crop will -- or crops in general will provide ag services and opportunity to utilize all the asset footprint that we have in North America more fully. So I think the opportunity is there for potentially big results. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ken. I think we have explained it before. We have a risk committee that Craig currently chairs, and we have the business president there and Ray and myself and other people. In this role, Craig works very closely with our business unit heads as they manage their commodity risks within their segments. So Craig's responsibilities will be transitioned to ensure our ongoing oversight on commodity risk management. But this is a smooth transition. This is an area in which, although we're certainly going to miss Craig tremendously as being a great coworker and team member, we have huge expertise and bench strength in these areas. So I think that with the other participants in the chair -- in the committee, I think we're going to be fine. 
Juan Luciano: We look at this, Ken. We think that potentially the U.S. could go a little bit lower in terms of exports in the future because there are other people that are growing their corn acreage. But we look at this in the sense of -- through the value chain. There are so many ways in which we can make money. And we'll look at this from Ag Services perspective, providing different services through the chain and we feel very comfortable about that. Demand continues to be very strong around the world. If you look at, for example, the imports of China, how they're rising to the different commodities. So we do believe that our rolling moving crops and handling crops around the world will benefit significantly with the largest crop around the world. Even our international merchandisers will profit from that as we have invested, as you know, in many, many units and the world. So we feel very good about the potential impact of large crops everywhere in our business. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think the team did a tremendous job in the second quarter. Remember, I mentioned in the first quarter we had 2 impacts, the impact of higher trucking costs that we couldn't hedge; and then the impact of less origination as the farmer was not selling. The team came back strongly in the second quarter, and I think execution was beautiful. In terms of our investments there, the Paraguay crop -- the Paraguay oilseeds plants continues to perform very, very well, running at 100% capacity. And we continue to evaluate other investments, both in the area of logistics in the area of processing. As you described, that's an area of investment for us or growth for us, and we have a very, very good team running it. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, crush margins in South America were good in Paraguay and Bolivia. There was a little bit less in Brazil as part of the issue is trying to export mill and you get to queue in the ports. So -- then everybody turns into the domestic market and there is some pressure there. Europe margins were very good when compared to last year. Obviously, some of the delays in South American export, they have provided some opportunity for better margins and soybean in Europe. And biodiesel with less imports and tighter oil inventories was also provided some good margin environment for rapeseed in Europe. South America -- North America, obviously some pressure and you will pressure in the next quarter as we're dealing with the tight crop situation and the inverse that we mentioned before. 
Juan Luciano: We continue to see demand growing, and our customers have been reporting very healthy earnings and demand, so we feel very good about it. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think you pointed correctly, the team did a very good job. What happened there probably during the quarter is we saw some reductions in inventory early in the quarter. And obviously, that bodes well for margins. Then when margin increased -- this is an industry that still has overcapacity. It's a little bit immature industry. Some of these players are undercapitalized, if you will, so a lot of people tend to run for cash. So we saw basically capacity coming back and we saw at the end of the quarter a little bit of a stabilization of that reduction in inventory. And maybe even, to be honest, in July, we saw a little bit of a creep in inventory or a creep in -- yes, in inventory for a few days. So they continue to be volatile. I think that the industry is more disciplined. I think this is a time of the year in which most of us, before the big harvest and before the winter, people tend to do some maintenance to their plants. So we see that may be playing out, those dynamics playing out over the next couple of months. But that's kind of what's happened during the quarter, better margins at the beginning of inventory decline then some people came back into production and that puts some pressure to margins that moved from late June into July. 
Juan Luciano: That's all right. I just want to emphasize what Pat just said in the sense that I think that the size of the corn crop will bring a very strong economic incentive to blend. I think we all want lower gasoline prices. I think that E15 is there and E85 is there. Listen, I lived in Brazil 20 years ago and we were using higher blend rates than 15% and this was -- these were cars produced by the same manufacturers of cars here. So I think that economic incentive on passing that to the consumer will prevail. 
Juan Luciano: Christine, we said before this is part of the volatility we keep on referring to. This is, as I said, a relatively new market. It is a very fragmented market. It needs to go through consolidation and there is going to be a period of pain until we gain into that full capacity. As I explained based on the dynamics that I've seen before, we are optimistic for '14 and 15, but '13 is going to still have periods of great margins and periods of some margin pressure as we've seen recently. 
Juan Luciano: We've seen liquid sweeteners volumes that were in line with our expectations, probably slightly lower than last year. But the volumes to Mexico continues strong for us. So all in all, we reported a very solid quarter and we saw solid demand, yes. 
Juan Luciano: Going forward in Q3, I see we expect volumes probably in line with last year and some down seasonality on Mexico, but as I said, normal year-to-year seasonality. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, it depends. Our preference normally, Diane, is to go and try to acquire so we continue to consolidate the market. We've done that with Elstar in Poland, we're doing now with GrainCorp as we gain access to geographies we were not present in. When we cannot find that, like in the case of Paraguay, we build. So I would say probably we could build more in terms of, for example, South America infrastructure, if ports or logistics. And in terms of processing capacity, our preference will be to buy and try to consolidate the market. 
Juan Luciano: We have had a very -- having the world as the opportunity, we track all these in our pipeline around the world and when properties get in our range, that's when we activate the processes. So we are looking at our preferred properties around the world. So I will not show my hand into saying which area we're looking at, but we have a very disciplined process to allocate that $ 1 billion. 
Juan Luciano: Listen, when we look at these, there is always a small volume maybe in Mexico that some of the people switch. But in reality, most of our customers prefer to deal with the liquid. And we're very closed to a big corn crop that probably will bring all those prices much more in alignment. So we shouldn't magnify the impact of this. 
Juan Luciano: Eric, Juan here. Listen, Q3 presents a lot of challenges for us. Think about we are still dealing with the big inverse that we need to deal through. Yes, we're going to have something a big growth, but in the places where we are located which is in the corn belt, the harvest will probably happen late September, beginning of October, which is more Q4 tilted. So I would say, Ag Services will continue to suffer through low margins in Q3. And we're going to some pressure increasing in oilseeds as we fight with a very tight balance sheet. So Q3 will still be a tough quarter where we'll not see the full relief of the harvest yet. 
Juan Luciano: We like to say yes. We like to think that we manage well through the inverse. I think that the guys have done a good job of reducing inventories as we face these. I mean, you've seen it in the balance sheet. You've seen it in the billion dollar challenge. So I think we have a very experienced teams that know how to work through this and that's where our footprint and our integrated model shines. So we feel pretty good. 
Juan Luciano: Robert, Juan here on sweeteners. You know sweeteners have been -- consumption has been declining in the U.S. so we've been doing, I think, a good job of balancing capacity and demand with exports. And we think the situation will be stable going into next year. Again, a lot will depend on this relationship between corn and sugar. And we believe that with lower corn prices, we will have opportunities, as I said, to increase exports and increase conversions and increased inclusion of corn products in all the supplications. So we feel good about it. I'm not going to speculate on a specific dollar range for the business, but I think the business should continue to perform solidly going forward. 
Juan Luciano: Juan here, Ryan. I would say we continue to work very closely with everybody to try to help and facilitate as much as possible the incorporation of E15. That is like a $1 range right now, a $1 margin that they can profit from. And we've been -- I'm going to leave the economics to them in terms of what to do. But we've seen, for example, in people that price -- I think I mentioned it before during the call, for people that price accordingly and competitively, we've seen some of the people working in E85 farms tripling their volume in a very short period of time. So the consumer is very hungry for  a reduction in gasoline prices and when they see the opportunity, they take advantage of that. So I think that this dollar delta is a big incentive. And with cheaper corn going forward or a more competitive priced corn going forward, this will present to me a huge opportunity for people to introduce either E85 or E15 more into the usage of the day-to-day American. So we see it with optimism. 
Juan Luciano: I don't know exactly what's going to be sugar prices, but I would say it will probably be competitive in that sense. I don't know the calculation off top of my head, David. 
Ray Young: Well, Vincent, this is Ray here. I think in my comments, part of the reason why we're building up the balance sheet flexibility is that if there's an opportunity for us to accumulate some inventory and benefit from the carry, we will. And so therefore, from a capital perspective, clearly we're managing this thing very, very carefully and managing both the capital investments and also inventory and working capital. But we want -- but we're preparing our balance sheet in order to take advantage of carry opportunities as well. So as we enter the fourth quarter, if there are carry opportunities, we will invest. And we will benefit from that in terms of our financial results, including our returns. 
Ray Young: Diane, I've always indicated that in this industry, it's very important to have a strong balance sheet. And hence, maintaining solid investment grade credit ratings is important priority for us. And so when we look at our leverage position -- again, we look at leverage, there's balance sheet metrics, there is income statement metrics. We look at those things very, very carefully. I think our balance sheet metrics right now are very, very strong. Some of our income statement metrics are a little weaker because we're still living through the residual impacts of the 2012 U.S. summer drought. But going forward, if you think it about, this company is a cash machine when it comes to generating cash. When you look at the past couple of years before the drought, we were generating $2 billion to $2.5 billion in cash flows before working capital and before CapEx. And so if Juan wants to look for investment opportunities, there's no doubt about that. But even with those investment opportunities, assuming we continue to grow this company and generate the cash flow, I do feel that we'll have opportunities in the future to provide additional returns to our shareholders. We always believe in a balanced approach towards investing the free cash flow of this company between internal projects and for our shareholders. 
Ray Young: No, no. I don't think you should read that. We're preparing ourselves for GrainCorp and we're preparing ourselves for potentially a very fearful [ph] harvest where there'll be some significant opportunities for us to invest in inventory to benefit from that carry. So that's what we're preparing the balance sheet for those opportunities right now. 
Ray Young: It's tough to estimate that Ann, because it will be a function of what the opportunities look like as we get to the fourth quarter, the timing of the harvest. So that's part of the reason why I want to make sure we have full balance sheet flexibility right now because we could build up significant inventories if the opportunities were there or it could get delayed. So it's -- I don't have a point estimate in terms of what our inventory balance will be at the end of the calendar year. But I can assure you that if there are opportunities, we will take advantage of it. 
Ray Young: No, no. It's still a good target. The way I kind of loo at it, I think our conditions -- again, we're still living through the residual impacts of last year. I kind of view ourselves pretty well near the trough right now. And so to the extent that we're still earning our whack at the trough, I think that's not a bad performance. Going forward and look towards 2014 when you get back to more normal conditions with greater earnings power and our continued focus on ensuring their invested capital base is low, I'm confident we're going to see improvements in the future. 
Ray Young: We haven't quantified it exactly, but there's no doubt reducing our invested capital base contributed significantly towards our results here. And then the prior cost cutting that we did last year and as Juan indicated, we've made good progress towards the next $200 million challenge. Clearly, these help in terms of helping with the earnings, the numerator of the calculation here. So I do believe both -- all the actions we've taken, it's helpful, the numerator, the denominator on your ROIC calculation. It's the exact -- how many basis points. I mean, we haven't calculated that, but clearly it contributed towards these results. 
Ray Young: Rob, as I indicated, I think we've got very strong balance sheet. Where we have some pressure in our credit metrics is really our earnings metrics. And frankly, as we kind of get through this year and into the new year, our earnings metrics are going to improve and I think that's going to give us a lot more flexibility. 
