Juan Luciano: Thank you, Christina. Good morning, everyone, thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.00 and adjusted segment operating profit of $1.1 billion. Our net earnings for the fourth quarter were $701 million or $1.08 per share. Segment operating profit was $1.3 billion. For the calendar year, we achieved adjusted earnings of $3.20 per share, up 37% from last year's $2.33. And importantly, adjusted ROIC of 9% was 260 basis points above our cost of capital. In the fourth quarter, the Agricultural Services team executed well to capitalize on strong conditions, while international merchandising continued to show year-over-year recovery. In North America and Europe Oilseeds showed strong year-over-year growth offset by weaker results in South America. Looking ahead in North America and Europe, solid crush margins and export opportunities have carried into the first quarter. Market conditions in South America Oilseeds should improve with the large harvest, and we are working towards higher returns throughout 2015 in this key geography. While U.S. ethanol demand was seasonally strong, boosted by the domestic response to lower gasoline prices, high industry production has built excess inventories. Margins in this industry should remain challenged until supplies are better aligned with demand. We will continue our work to optimize cost and product mix in the Corn business to maximize profitability. Also during the fourth quarter, we were busy preparing for the January 1st, launch of the WILD Flavors and the Specialty Ingredients business unit, working on synergies, preparing to move businesses and aligning teams. In view of our continued strong performance and our positive outlook, our Board of Directors has voted to increase our quarterly dividend from $0.24 to $0.28. Now I will turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Evan, so really we are not seeing a change in demand. Actually if anything it has been an improvement because of reduced gasoline prices that have increased consumption in the United States. We have seen an excess in production that is driven mostly by the very good margins we enjoyed in the November timeframe. So how long will it take for that to correct? Difficult to say. We are going to see a combination as we go into the first quarter of progressively higher driving miles and then some of the refineries getting to maintenance as they go into March as they prepare for the [hydrating] [ph] season. So we manage, as I said in my prepared remarks, the business for the overall. So we try to manage the overall product mix and we look for what margins are very good we run for volume, when margins are declining we run a little bit more prudently for yield. So that is – so we see this is a relatively immature industry, but these low margins will correct itself, the supply issue, and we expect increasing margins as we go into the later part of Q1.
Juan Luciano: Of course. If you look at the story in Q4, you see the high volatility that are on ethanol prices, so this is very hard to predict with any precision. We continue, Evan, that is why we continue with our efforts on our cost improvements and we highlight that all the time. And you heard me that we have exceeded our stretch goal of $400 million because a big part of that is in the Corn business. The other leg of the stool that we look at is the flexibility and the introduction of new products that allow us to shift production to the products that are growing the most or having less margin pressure. I would say, Evan, overall, we expect probably margins in ethanol to be a little bit lower than 2014, but better than current levels.
Juan Luciano: About 70 basis points. So listen, you heard us at the Investor Day. Two years ago we put this strategy based on returns. And as you see in the graph that I showed in my slide, that strategy continues to deliver and we feel very good about that. Obviously every now and then as we have a big acquisition like WILD, we pause a little bit in that trajectory. But all our programs are working and we are very optimistic about our trajectory towards 10%.
Juan Luciano: Well, let's see, international merchandising is reported into Ag Services so let's separate that, Farha, yes.
Juan Luciano: So certainly North America is much bigger than South America proportionately. I would say – but you are probably wondering because of the offsetting effect this quarter of the South American result. We have a combination of issues there. First of all, as you recall, in South America we report also origination efforts. So farmer selling has been very poor in South America and we are comparing again a very strong quarter of – in 2013. So it is a very tough comp. But origination results were down because of farmer selling. Crushing margins were normally – we were expecting it to be relatively low in Q4 because of a lack of beans and that's the end of the season. But we have, to be honest, I mean in a tough environment like that with poor farmer selling a low crushing margin, we also didn't help ourselves much. And on top of that we have the transition of the fertilizer business. That business was discontinued and we transferred some of our operations to [mosaic] [ph], we had bad results coming out of that, as you can understand. It's a very volatile business, low margins and is difficult to manage in normal operations much more in a transition. So I would say those are the impact that we have in South America in Q4. That makes us optimistic for Q1 because we think that farmer selling will come back, crush margins have already expanded both in Brazil and in Paraguay and certainly we will not have the issue of fertilizer. And we have the new port of Barcarena fully operational. So all in all, we think that that South American results was an issue that will stay in that Q4 and we don't expect it to be repeated.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Fourth quarter was very close to perfection, Farha. We had perfect harvest weather with the exception of maybe 10 days; weather conditions were very favorable to us because of our very strong transportation businesses. So when freight in rail and all that get complicated obviously we profit from that in our transportation – in barge transportation business that really excelled in Q4. Obviously – and we were able to capture good basis, to be honest, during Q4. So we were very happy with that. As we roll into Q1, obviously the soybean export program kind of declined as South America becomes to pick up the pace there. We expect corn program to pick up during the quarter as the U.S. corn becomes more competitive against European destinations or Argentina. So all in all, we have seen steady demand, not maybe spectacular demand, but not weak demand – steady demand. So we're looking at the execution of a good book, execution of – good execution margins in the interior, good storage margins, still good transportation P&L as we still – we see a lot of northbound freight being used. And we see descent carries in both corn and hard wheat. So all in all not as spectacular as Q4, but strong performance in Q1 for Ag Services.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Rob. So let me give you some perspective. So our expectations for sweeteners and starches for 2015 are pretty much in line to 2014. We expect moderate or relatively stable corn prices and so as such margins will be approximally comparable to 2014. On relatively for liquid sweeteners – relatively a stable volumes in that sense. We have other products where we are shifted demand that are growing a little bit faster. We have other geographies especially Southeast Asia where it is also growing a little bit faster. We are still going to have the very incipient contribution of our high fructose corn syrup new investment in Tianjin, which is more like for a longer-term, not just that much 2015. So the way we are thinking, although we did better than our plan in 2014 for sweeteners and starches, we are thinking something comparable to 2014 in general.
Juan Luciano: It could, Rob, I am just thinking about when we look at the pricing system, we probably have about half of the – we had 2014 with some pressure on pricing on margins. And probably the first half of our negotiating period was under those conditions. And then probably the later half conditions become a little bit better industry, a little bit plan to be more balanced. So I would have – we have a little bit of that, but also a little bit of the past in our 2015 margin negotiations. So all in all, I think is mostly comparable if I said to 2014.
Juan Luciano: Obviously, we have a set of units that are different, so we have some dry mills and we have some wet mills. I would say overall they are slightly positive.
Juan Luciano: Not really, Ann. I think that obviously the U.S. currency is getting stronger again most of the other currencies. But that tends to end up adjusting the prices of the commodity to find their own equilibrium. At the end of the day you may shift a little bit the timing of some of those exports, but at the end of the day the balances are the balances, the import nations have to import from the exporting nations those who are the ones that have the excesses. So our teams adjust obviously to that, but I would say that is something that they do on a normal course of business as we have international teams that they adjust for all the other currencies as they move all the time as well. So, no exception for the U.S. team. I wouldn't read that much into that.
Juan Luciano: We see some of that, but the U.S. have come back and is competitive and we expect that to increase during Q1 as it develops, yes.
Juan Luciano: I would just refer to the USDA numbers at this point. I am sure my guys have an opinion but we will keep it to ourselves.
Juan Luciano: No, at this point in time we expect ethanol exports to be in the range of $800 million for 2015. We are seeing that demand pretty stable. We have checked with most the countries and our customers and we don't see that. Ethanol continues to be the cheapest oxygenate out there and we monitor very closely all the other types. And at this point in time we feel very strongly about these 800 million gallons per year being there in 2015.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Vince. We feel very strongly about 2015. I think that if you look at what we have done and with all the puts and takes as you described, we face every year to be honest. Every year we face conditions that are negative on one side and positive on the other side. But the overall is we have improved our portfolio. So there's going to be a lot of businesses that gave us trouble in 2014 that will not in 2015. There are a lot of units that without major divestiture that we are in the process of improving. That gives us hope and good expectations for 2015 that some of those results will be better. We have proven about with the Toepfer integration and which is halfway or maybe two-thirds through it, but it needs to continue and there are other things that we continue to improve. So we feel good about that as well. We feel very good we have shown to everybody and to ourselves how our services can perform in an environment of good growth that we haven't seen over the last two years. So we feel good about how the business executes, but also how the business can run all those assets. And we continue to add to our cost improvements and operational efficiencies and that continues to go through the bottom line. When you put on top of that that we expect the WILD to continue to be as we expected contributing maybe accretive $0.10 to $0.15 during 2015 we feel very good about the combination of all of those factors. Will they be surprised during 2015? Of course, every year and we adjust to those. But overall we continue to see our plan unraveling very positively.
Juan Luciano: It is difficult between – obviously in last quarter you had some things shifting from one quarter to the other, sometimes in one direction or the other. I would say the range that we're thinking about it for 2015 is something in the range of $850 million to $950 million. You have to think that when this realignment that we have of divisions of businesses within the division Ag Services has lost basically $50 million of annual profit that has been transferred to other businesses. So considering that transfer we are thinking that the range you should consider is something between $850 million to $950 million per year.
Juan Luciano: I would say – to be honest, I don't have it top of my head by segment. We have – internally we have a buy plan of like 10 categories. Some of those categories include things like margin for new products as we fight for the grind, we have categories about maintenance reduction or improvements, we have categories such as energy efficiency. I would say corn tends to add the bulk sometimes of that probably in the range of maybe 40% to 50% just because of the size of the asset. Ag Services has a little bit less because we have less fixed assets and more maybe transportation assets. So I would say, if I have to give a guess, but I don't have it, it is something like 50% Corn, maybe 35% Oilseeds, and maybe 15% Ag Services give or take.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So at this point in time we're seeing still good export demand in the U.S., we have it for January and February. We expect there's going to be a little bit of a shift to that in March to South America. When we're looking to China, we see China feed demand a little bit down at this point in time. Profitability for farmers to raise pigs or chicken is not great at this point in time. Part is the slowdown in the economy; part is the government's anti-graft campaign because we do some consumption there. But we expect that as, I talk to my colleagues in China, to increase – to improve during the year. So right now it is a little bit soft.
Juan Luciano: I would say you continue to see poultry consumption growing per capita basis in India, so that is also obviously bullish since there are like 1.4 billion people. I would say overall we continue to see mill demand growing 3% to 4% year-over-year and we feel good about that. So I think China has these ups and downs, but we don't foresee a slowdown in demand at this point in time for 2015. We still believe 3% to 4% up in mill demand.
Juan Luciano: Yes, that is a great question, Tim. Listen, the first thing that I would like to say about WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients is that I am pleased to report that we are getting the people equation right. In this case the capabilities obviously are there. Both were successful companies individually in their own right in ingredients so the capabilities are intact. But the issue is can you combine the people and can you get that? And I am pleased to report that is going extremely well. So we are very confident we are going to beat our 2015 synergy targets. In terms of customer, we have had more than 100 customer engagements so far and we have recorded, I was checking with the team late last week, I have every Friday a meeting with them to check this. We had more than 355 ideas with actual efforts behind for each customer. So I wouldn't disclose any specific customer obviously for confidentiality reasons. These are all innovations that we will keep to ourselves and then hopefully you will see it reflected in revenue growth. But we are very enthusiastic about how customers are responding to the combined capabilities of both companies.
Juan Luciano: So I think, listen, I see – we see driving miles of gasoline consumption going up and we see stable exports out there. So but the issue is did we produce at 15 billion gallons is – we're now going to have excellent margins. So at the end of the day, it will require some rationalization of capacity. We expect some of these low margins that we're having right now giving people some – giving people in the high part of the cost curve some problems. And that is why we continue to emphasize our cost position and that is all we can drive. All we can drive is our cost position, our fight for the grind and the way we commercially – we commercially play between produced gallons and purchased gallons. So other than that it is all speculation, to be honest.
Juan Luciano: Remember that you have $0.70 [wins] [ph] at this point in time. And I think that we can go 10% higher and we can still be a very competitive oxygenate out there.
Juan Luciano: Ken, the way I think about Ag Services is we believe Ag Services will continue to go up hopefully in that range. It is difficult for me to quantify it and I tell you why. In the other businesses we can add some of the cost improvements. In Ag Services it becomes a little bit more based on whether we add an investment that increases our origination or our transportation or we do something like we did with Toepfer in which we combined in the global trade desk or we move more into destination marketing and we capture a bigger part of the margin there. So our plans and our expectation are that that range is going to evolve over time. It is a little bit more difficult to say exactly the number at this point. And I wouldn't venture that. But we are continuing to build to increase margins and our share in Ag Services.
Juan Luciano: Absolutely, absolutely. We are very well prepared to handle this first quarter. It would be, as I said, a different quarter. When I was saying the preparedness is because obviously this team was so looking forward to show what their asset base and their capabilities could do in a full crop because of the two very bad years in the previous crop. But absolutely they are the same level of preparedness for Q1.
Juan Luciano: I do feel confident that we will see a tight balance. As I said, I don't think that all the plants will run at the rate that they were running in November – on a full-year basis. So the problem with ethanol, David, and this is the problem to model – and uncertainty sometimes around ethanol is that it moves during the year because of the gasoline consumption has a system. And obviously, our ability also to produce a max rate has a season as well. So sometimes those things – plants can produce at higher rates when people can drive less. And that produced a little bit of a spike of margin in the summer and a little bit of a drop of a margin as we get to the end of the year. But we continue to be positive about the overall balances in ethanol, David, yes.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So let me split that question in two. On the impact of South America maybe not a lot of slow farmers selling or being a little bit delayed. We felt – we feel it two ways. One in better soy crush margins in Europe, not in North America. And we tried to shift during Q4 more crush from rapeseed into soy just because we didn't see that much meal coming to compete in Europe from South America. So you saw it that way. And also you could see it by having a longer export program in Q1 in North America, that is the way you see it. And to the second point of your question is absolutely we can see times in which both are doing very well. As I said, we have a lot of issues on our own in South America in this quarter, not only the farmer selling, but we have fertilizers and some other issues that we had there as well. So absolutely you could see both doing very well in another quarter.
Juan Luciano: That is a general comment. I mean when we tried to assign that $100 million of course it applies. But don't hold me to it. I may update you later on that. And also, you have to offset some inflation obviously that we have every year. But yes, about $100 million should roll into 2015 out of our cost-saving programs.
Juan Luciano: Yes. We have been working on that, Adam, because, as you said so correctly, sometimes for Ingredients it should be revenue growth. But on the other hand, remember that this division is composed by $1 billion of WILD which reacts like you describe. But also $1.5 billion from products that we contributed, that some of them are soy proteins that when soy comes down sometimes we expand margins, but actually revenue goes down. So we are trying to come up with a good set of measurements that actually reflect the performance of the business without getting – without misleading people on that. So I think for a while it will be a combination of strong revenue growth, strong gains in some customers or maybe volumes and also returns, obviously. Margins are relatively healthy in that industry. So just percentage margins are not that important at that point, it is more about winning businesses.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think that obviously Brazilians are trying to help the sugar mills in general and so more is going to be used internally at the same time that they are increasing gasoline prices. So we don't expect Brazil to be a competitor for exports out there. And it may be a recipient of some of the U.S. exports. So certainly we don't see Brazil at this point in time as a big threat.
Juan Luciano: Yes. They are – DDG prices, we are already there. I mean we have seen that increase. China has been taking DDGs for probably a month already. So we have seen that increase. We feel good about it.
Juan Luciano: Sorry, it helps also the dynamics of soybean meal. As Soybean meal – as DDG been taken out of their domestic ration sometimes, so sorry, go ahead.
Juan Luciano: No. We hedge mostly natural gas which is the big input for ethanol. That is where we hedge and where there is a very good market for that.
Juan Luciano: I think so. Listen, I – you can see the strength of the way our team played with these conditions. Last year we made it more into the summer and this year we have a great performance now into the winter. So every year there is a picking which you make the profit given the market conditions. And I think that the team adjusts to that. But we see no reason for which not being able to repeat this next Q4.
Juan Luciano: But if you look, Eric, also – if you look at the overall production and planted area around the world, it continues to grow and it's been growing for a while and it will have to continue to grow as we need to feed the growing population. So we continue to see this 3%, 4% increase that Ray has just described. And I think that we will have to count with the favorable weather to continue with this. But we foresee stable crop prices let's say going forward.
Juan Luciano: Oh, hard to say, Eric. I don't know if I can answer with any – I mean it is just speculation to be honest at this point.
Ray Young: We did some proxy hedges on that using corn. And it didn't turn out the way we would have liked it. So that impacted some of our sweeteners and starches results in the fourth quarter.
Ray Young: Yes. We provided the guidance when we announced the acquisition back in July. First full year $0.10 to $0.15 per share accretion. We are still on track towards that particular range, Mike. As we kind of work through our plans we see that in the numbers. Actually there may be a little bit of risk towards the downside just because of currency translation impacts, particularly on WILD's European business. But overall we still feel good about that range for calendar year 2015.
Ray Young: In fact, David, you saw that last year. Last year's fourth quarter you actually saw South America do extremely well and North America do extremely well. This year we saw North America do extremely well; South America did not do as well. And frankly a lot of the things that occurred in South America was our own doing. So when I kind of look at the results I look at South America just a comparison of fourth quarter this year versus last year just directionally. There was about a $100 million swing in South America just because of factors that frankly we didn't help ourselves with. And so that just gives you an order of magnitude in terms of what the delta was in Q4 here related to South America.
Ray Young: I think on energy hedging, I mean we really don't really hedge – talking about crude oil hedge or bunker oil hedges, we really don't do much of that.
Ray Young: I mean I think demand – I mean, if you looked at trend lines in demand, they continue to be very positive whether it be corn, soybean or meal around the world. So nothing fundamentally has changed in terms of our long-term assessment of continued demand growth for these agricultural products. As you know, we have actually had pretty favorable supply conditions over the past couple of years. And as you know, weather it is a factor. So when you ask the question about what carry out in the future will be, we feel pretty good about the demand side. In the supply-side there are definitely weather aberrations somewhere around the world, which will impact the supply-side and that will have an impact on carry out. But generally speaking, we feel that we are in a pretty good environment right now in terms of just general global supply/demand balances and frankly, subdued commodity prices into soft goods.
