Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, all, for joining us today. This morning, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.92, up from $0.45 in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $861 million, up nearly 60% year-over-year. And our fourth quarter trailing ROIC of 8.3% is more than 200 basis points above our annual WACC. Our team continued to capitalize on robust global demand with good execution and great utilization of our global footprint. And while delivering another strong quarter, the team also did a great job advancing our strategic plan, executed on key growth projects and accelerating our Readiness efforts as we build the foundation to take our performance even higher. Looking back on some of key accomplishments, in optimizing the core, our South American origination team manages risk positions well, including the Brazilian freight situation, and is up substantially year-to-date over 2017. We continued to optimize our North American origination footprint, monetize our investment in Agrible, and as mentioned last quarter, we completed the divestiture of our Bolivian oilseeds business during the quarter. In our efforts to drive efficiencies, our operational excellence initiatives have delivered cost savings of more than $200 million on a run rate basis over the first three quarters of the year, already meeting our full year 2018 target. We will, of course, continue those efforts. In strategic expansion, our Origination business is making important investments in digital and innovation capabilities with our just announced GrainBridge joint venture and our work with other industry players to modernize the global agricultural value chain. In Oilseeds, we announced that we are acquiring certain assets of Algar Agro, particularly two crush, refining and packaging facilities in Brazil, which will further strengthen our processing presence in that important region. Our Carbohydrates Solution business is working to add industrial starch capacity to several facilities to meet market demand, and we celebrated the opening of our modernized flour mill in Enid, Oklahoma, this quarter. And in Nutrition, we completed our acquisitions of Rodelle and Protexin. We'll close on the Neovia acquisition in coming months, and opened the latest in our series of high tech customer innovation centers in Shanghai. We're also moving very quickly in advancing Readiness. Readiness is central to our strategic goals. It underpins and supports each of our pillars of our plan. We're excited about the progress we're making and the opportunities we are creating with Readiness. Around the globe, our colleagues are identifying, analyzing and now have begun executing on initiatives that are building a foundation for increasing earnings growth in the years to come. I'll be talking more about Readiness in our outlook later on this call. Now I'll turn it over to Ray to talk about the quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes, Cornell, we do believe so. We believe clearly that 2019 we will – we can grow earnings versus 2018. Demand continues to be robust across our businesses, we have a lot of momentum in margins in some of our businesses, and we feel excited about both access of growth earnings that I described, the strategic growth that we have invested in over the last couple of years. We have several acquisitions that we're going to have being accretive in 2019 that we didn't have in 2018. We have several projects coming into operations that we're going to have in 2019 that we didn't have in 2018. And we're going to have the benefit of Readiness that actually will start being accretive, as I described, with about $1 billion run rate savings by the end of year two, but they're going to be growing in 2019 as well. The other issue that you shouldn't underestimate is in 2018, not everything went our way as well. We have issues in the Golden Peanut business that we haven't had in the past and we are planning to correct those issues for 2019. We have issues in – whether it's in Decatur reliability on lysine that are issues that we're going to put behind at the end of Q4. So we're going to have several things that actually were headwinds in 2018 that will not be there in 2019. So between those things that we're going to fix, but the growth initiatives that are coming to be accretive in 2019 plus Readiness, we feel strongly about 2019 being better than 2018.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: I think, Vincent, you need to ramp it up. Think about the process. So we're training our 31,000 colleagues now. We have the initiatives. About half of the initiatives don't require much in terms of either CapEx, or IT resources, or new people, so we can start tackling and we can ramp up during 2019. Some of them require a little bit more capital, a little bit more IT and processes and maybe more into 2020. So, I would say soft in the first half, accelerating in the second half and then above that in 2020.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. I would say in the U.S., recently there's been a little bit of a slowdown over the last couple of weeks in farmer selling. It has been more obviously the farmer keeping their soybeans, thinking about a potential resolution of the trade dispute and whether that could top North American soybeans. In Brazil it's been a little bit more driven by – more than currency and numbers by the freight tables and the uncertainty that that generated. I think, with the recent results in the election, there's going to be much more optimism that the freight table will probably be corrected or eliminated at the beginning of the year. So maybe that change a little bit, but that has been the biggest factor there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: So, Heather, let me see if I can build a picture for you. So in Q4, in Origination, certainly we're not going to have the China demand pull, but the rest of the world will be coming to us, particularly for corn. So we still expect destination marketing to offset some of the export that we have lost with China and we have already, if you will, almost 70% of that bulk, we already know the volume and the margins. So I would say Origination without those $80 million would probably be in line with last year. So I think that the team has done a good job of offsetting some of the China impact in the business. Oilseeds, as you mentioned, and we mentioned before, I expect it to be very strong and much improved versus last year. Healthy crush margins and volumes, that will continue. Carbohydrate Solutions; the issue is Starches and Sweeteners continue to be very solid. The issue – and milling. The issue continues to be ethanol and recently, we have seen people taking some capacity down or – but probably still not enough because obviously we're getting into the low end of the season from a driving perspective. And Nutrition results, although we're still going to have some impact of lysine on the Q4, they're going to be stronger. So we feel we're going to cap a very, very strong year for ADM with a very good quarter for us.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes, that's what I explained to Cornell in the first question before. The peanut was a combination of difficult merchandising situation in North America, but we also lost pretty much the peanut crop in Argentina. That produced a loss in Argentina that we normally don't have. So that was a loss due to the dry weather in Argentina. So peanut was a very strange situation that normally will not happen to us. As I said, you never heard about peanut before. Then the Decatur plant, it's a plant that, listen, based on the integration of that plant and the great cost position, it's a plant that we normally run very, very aggressively. And we've gotten into some mechanical reliability issues over the summer, especially with the cooling tower. That has impacted that facility. It's a very integrated facility, as you can imagine from a corn wet mill that we produce more than 20 products and that feeds the value products facility where we produce some of our specialties. So that goes into lysine, that goes into some of the polyols or hydrocolloids that we have in Nutrition. So, all these units are very intertwined. So you see the impact over-spilling a little bit in Nutrition and that with Nutrition being a smaller division, it was hit the hardest this quarter just because in sweetener – in Starches and Sweeteners, we have larger volumes we can absorb that a little bit better. So but those issues, we are diligently addressing them. We have seen some improvement already in October. So we foresee that all those issues will be behind us and hopefully we don't pick up new ones in 2019.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes, Heather. So a couple of things here in Origination that you have to think about. First of all, we are utilizing very much our storage. We have tenants for every storage that we have and we have good ownership position. So we're going to continue to get carries as bases (43:31) appreciate. We're certainly going to have if – in the premise that China disputes are not resolved, we're going to have an ability to export a lot from the U.S. as our products will be very competitive. Destination marketing continues to do very well, opened up new markets for us, so we can offset the decline in China exports. And also, we don't offset it one for one, but we – the team has done a very good job of that. Global Trade will continue to match these origins with destination. As you said, with the bad weather in Australia and bad weather in Europe, wheat in the U.S. will become competitive and we will see growth in exports that we didn't have particularly this year. This year, obviously we have drop in soy exports and wheat exports, and we have an increase in corn. So we expect some of that to change for next year. And then, we have some of the businesses that have been growing steadily in our business, in our Origination business, whether it's the Fertilizer business, Transportation doing very strong, and also the Stevedoring business that continue to provide solid year-over-year growth. So, overall, we feel strongly about how Origination is positioning itself. And now, ADM, with other key players in the industry, has taken the lead on bringing digital into the relationship with the farmer. And it's not only the benefit in the relationship with the farmer and our sales and our purchases to the farmer, but also in the cost that can alleviate to us. This had a lot of manual work, there's a lot of paperwork, a lot of waste, very antiquated technology and we think that there is an advantage there to get into blockchain or new digital. So, we feel very good about Origination for 2019, actually.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, sure. So when we designed the company, you can replicate the company in about 12 global processes. Processes like, for example, prospect to cash is the process from when you get to prospect being a customer all the way to you convert it to customer and you get it to the final cash. And basically, what we do with that is we analyze the process. We look at the number of steps and then we optimize the process to try to determine how many steps can we reduce or simplify or standardize, and basically what that does is two things. It eliminates errors, eliminate waste or low value work, and basically free up people to be out in the street selling more, or actually growing the company with the same amount of people. So if you think about our company, about 60 something billion dollars with 31,000 people, I think that constantly looking at that, and the productivity of our employees, is how can we continue to grow and handle more complexity, and more variety with the same number of people, if you will. And that's what we're trying to do, and that's what we're training the 31,000 people to being able to be more flexible and redeploy them as we grow, and as we achieve more efficiencies. So, this is happening across the company.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: I think, Ann, also as Ray said, I mean, it's almost – it's impossible to forecast changes in policies. So what we work very heavily is in to get our team being very agile and very well-connected between Global Trade and the processing businesses, and also to keep our asset base very flexible. This business it looks stable, but under the water there is a lot of rationalization and optimization of elevator (53:44) in our Origination business as we make some of these scenario planning if you will. So I think that the team has done very well of – at adjusting to all these conditions in very volatile years and difficult years. So, we just continue to be very close to our customers, our farmers and continue to have our operations very flexible to be able to react to that quickly.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: I would say going into Q4 we have seen a compression of the seeds to fall (54:32) spread of course, as we have less exports from China. Going into 2019, we feel – we feel good about the ability of the U.S. to export corn, soybeans are going to be very cheap, continue to be in, the U.S. and wheat could come into play, as we said before, due to the low productions of Australia and Europe. So I think in general we feel good. It's just sometimes we will like that pop in Q4 that, at this point, maybe we're not going to have.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thank you, Eric, for the question. I touch it a little bit on my remarks. I mean, we are very excited about it and if you look at our trajectory when we started with WILD Flavors, we started the business of Nutrition, if you will, with some specialties that the basic processing businesses were expanded into. So the Oilseed business has expanded into specialty proteins. The carbohydrates or the corn business expanded into polyols and into fibers like Fibersol. And we needed to be able to provide a better solutions for our customers and we needed to be able to formulate those solutions as we get into flavors. WILD Flavors was a spectacular story. WILD Flavors profit in 2014 were $78 million before we took it over and this year they're going to be around $170 million. So, it certainly has been more than 20% compounded annual growth rate in profitability in those. But when we started to get to the revenue synergies with WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients, we can see now how that portfolio is resonating with our customers. We've been saying for the last two or three quarters that our portfolio is very successful with our customers, and we see now revenue growth of around 10% for WFSI which is the combination of those, a formulation of all that flavor with Specialty Ingredients, and operating profit growth of more than 30% year-over-year. And if you take that Nutrition theme with that WFSI and you think about adding into that the oils portfolio we have, the starches we have, the sweeteners we have, the acidulants, and the flavors we have, there isn't any other company out there with such a broad portfolio and technical expertise, and that's the interesting discussions that happen at the customer base. So we have all that, which is about $2.5 billion of revenue, if you will, at this point in time, but growing aggressively at about that 10%. Then, we're going to do the same with Animal Nutrition, with the Neovia. Neovia is another WILD Flavors, if you will, for this. That's about $3.5 billion. And then, we have all the area of Health & Wellness and the personalized Nutrition with Protexin, Biopolis and all that incipient. So, we have those three main axes and we see our way into delivering what you just described, getting into maybe $1 billion over the next few years. So, it takes a while. Like it happened with WILD, you go into profitability improvement, then you develop the revenue synergies. The same is going to happen with the Animal Nutrition. But it's been very successful so far and we plan to replicate that model into Animal Nutrition. And in the meantime, we're building our Health & Wellness and personalized Nutrition portfolios. So, all very good, all very affordable, all within the financial discipline of our returns. And the cadence, if you look at what we have done in order to assure execution, we'd done WILD Flavors in October 2014, and we didn't do Neovia until 2018, until we make sure that we have proven that model, we're making the money and the business is working. So, now, we are ready to move to Neovia and we're going to continue with that discipline and that cadence to guarantee to the shareholders that we are investing their money wisely.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, I would say we can get into the same thinking. The reality is that the window is getting shorter and China is finding ways not to use U.S. beans. There is also early planting in Mato Grosso in Brazil. It could lead to early harvest. So maybe China will hold into buying beans until they can overlap with Brazil. So, I think that we have that upside of potential beans from the U.S. in Q4, early Q1. But, on the other hand, it may not happen. So, again, early harvest in Brazil could make them able to not to touch U.S. beans. Listen, we're going into Q4 with a strong momentum. It's just that – so fundamentally Q4 is going to be a strong Q4. It's just that a lot of things could happen with either bases or mark-to-market that could make some profits go into Q4 or Q1, and that is difficult to forecast. What we know is our operating rates are strong. We have a lot of our book already locked, as I said, even with the export in our Origination business. So, we're going with a strong momentum into Q4. We don't foresee any strange things into Q4. It's just that some of the mark-to-market and the end of the year movement could be that some of the profits end up in Q4 or some of the profits end up in Q1. That doesn't change the fundamental nature of our solid businesses at this point in time.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Sure. I would say the division that will grow the most in 2019 versus 2018 will be Nutrition. Nutrition will have the biggest jump that they ever had in percentage basis. So ethanol could be an upside. Of course, this year was pretty bad in ethanol and we expect that next year – there are a couple of things with ethanol that it could make you more optimistic. One is the fact that the price is so low of ethanol, that I think as an oxygenator or an octane booster it could find a way into more gasoline producing countries, if you will. The second is that we may not have as many expansions or the bottlenecks to absorb next year, and this was part of the issue this year. But I will say Nutrition will be the biggest business. In terms of the second part of the question was about...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Was about China, yes. I would say, listen, for companies like us that are trying to match origin with destinations, having the most optionality is the best. So I think in the long term, having those issues solved and having free trade around the world is the best. The same for the farmer. If you are producing, you want the most optionality to place your production everywhere. So I will say no doubt from a long-term perspective, we want a resolution to that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Listen, we like our strategy and we're implementing that and we've been transparent on that. Of course we look at every option and we always review our stand-alone plans. So, we normally look at that. We are participating in the consolidation. You see our acquisition of Algar, our joint venture in Egypt, So, we're going to look at every deal on their own merits. We're going to keep our returns objective. We're going to keep our strong value creation mind-set, and if something makes sense, we may look at that. At this point in time, our strategy is clear, and I think we've been articulating it, and we continue to execute that and grow earnings and returns, and we're very pleased with that so far.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Listen, Adam, no, we don't have a precise number like that. I understand the need to create a model. Our focus of course is to keep making the company better. So we know, and we know that 2,500 initiatives there has a lot of meat and a lot of profit that will come to the stream. Exactly how they're going to come, we're going to get more proficient in that as we have started executing. At this point in time we are prioritizing all those 2,500 initiatives. We know because we have committed with you that we wanted to come at this meeting with an idea of the bulk of it. How much is going to pull through to the P&L at this point in time is a little bit premature for us to give more guidance than the one that we have provided already, so...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Jack, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming Investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with Victoria if you have any other questions, and have a good day, and thanks for your interest in ADM.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, Cornell. I mean, normally in our hedging programs we would go out several quarters and so it's fair to say that we do have some portion of the early part of 2019 already hedged. I think it's important to understand also like – you know, I know people are looking at crush margins, right now, they're bouncing around a little bit. It's actually quite volatile at this juncture. When we look outside into the future, we're actually seeing continued solid demand for soybean meal. I mean, global demand for soybean meal is probably going to be running at 4% to 4.5%. And so I know there's a little bit of noise right now in terms of crush margins, a lot of it driven by the rumors regarding U.S. and China, but we always look at underlying supply demand and so from our perspective, we actually believe it's a very healthy demand environment for soybean meal. And also demand for oil remains robust, particularly on the biodiesel side. So we actually feel good about where crush margins are heading into future here. Will it be at the same average level of 2018? Maybe not, but it doesn't mean that's going to drop dramatically. So we believe that we're in a period whereby crush margins, soy crush margins, are going to remain healthy. And then with what Juan mentioned in terms of all the different initiatives that we're driving in Oilseeds, particularly the acquisitions that we're doing, including Algar, the Readiness initiatives, the improvement in Brazil. I mean, the Brazilian freight situation clearly had an impact on a lot of the merchandisers in Brazil. That's going to get behind us at the end of the year. So we feel good about where Oilseeds is heading in 2019 and adds to, again, the confidence that Juan had expressed regarding year-over-year earnings growth.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: I mean, clearly the short soybean crop in Argentina resulted in less meal heading into export markets, including over the year. So hence, our softseed crushing operations in Europe benefit from a combination of less supply out of South America, but also just good solid demand, particularly in the biodiesel side and so that contributed towards really some very healthy margins that we've seen in the European crush environment.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: So again, as Juan indicated, we talked about $1 billion run rate savings at the end of year two. So that means end of 2020. So that's a run rate there. It's going to build up over time. It's not in a linear progression towards 2020. And also a part of it is going to be used to offset inflation. We do have inflation in our business, so part of the benefits will offset inflation and some market factors. And so I think how you should be thinking about it, it's a gradual ramp-up, 2019, you recall we're going to have benefits in 2019, but by 2020 you'll get towards the run rate. It's also important to note that it doesn't stop at 2020. Readiness continues. And so while we've kind of indicated $1 billion end of 2020. When you get to 2021, 2022, there's going to be also incremental benefits associated with Readiness.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: And Heather, just on your question on Other, yeah, last year we had a big negative on Other because of the insurance payments. So this year we're not going to expect that to have a big negative in Other.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Hey, Rob. It's Ray here. So, normally, in these calls, we would outline any timing effects specifically if it's over $50 million. We've been very consistent about that. So, we didn't outline any timing effects in this call. What's happened this year, Rob, is that we did enact a new cash flow hedge program for U.S. soybean crush. We started at the beginning of the year. We phased it in with the new hedges. So, it actually allows us to actually start deferring a lot of these mark-to-market impacts on soybean crush that really causes a little bit of volatility in our quarterly results. And so, we started the program in the beginning of the year. We phased it in. And so, in this quarter, what was interesting is we did have some favorable – some reversals from the prior quarters, so there was a positive impact there. There were some positive impact related to timing effects on the hedges that didn't qualify for cash flow hedge accounting, but we also had negative timing effects related to the cash positions that are not eligible for this type of deferral. So, on balance, Rob – on balance, we actually had a slight negative timing effect for the quarter, and that will add towards the cumulative negative effects that we had at the end of the second quarter. And so, we are carrying into the fourth quarter and into the new year negative timing effects that will reverse out as we move through frankly the next three quarters.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yes. So, the way, it's – the way I kind of look at it, it's a clean quarter that we had in the third quarter results.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Normally, that's the case, Rob, right, with the harvest and all that. Normally, the fourth quarter crushing volumes would be a little bit higher than the third quarter crushing volumes. Although I'd just remind you, we had exceptional third quarter crushing volume, just because of strong global demand. So, the delta from third quarter to fourth quarter in terms of increased volumes, like this year, it will be less than normal patterns just because of the strong third quarter.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Sure, Ann. First of all, I think, it's still too early to kind of speculate what the planning intentions will be of the farmers in 2019. I think, when you read a lot of the analyst reports from economic research, it would suggest that we're going to be down on bean acreage and up on corn acreage, right? And so – and also up on wheat acres now. So on balance, the amount planted will probably be very, very similar. Just the mix will be a little bit different. Now how much lower in terms of soybean plantings compared to this year, that's to be determined. I mean, I think, there's a lot of factors that will play out, frankly, over the next several quarters before we get towards a number. But I think the implications for ADM is like there's still going to be strong demand for U.S. products. I mean, even if you take a scenario that U.S.-China trade tensions continue, the rest of the world is actually coming to United States for its products, and we anticipate that will continue in 2019 here. So, as Juan indicated, our outlook for Origination in 2019 remains very robust, based upon strong global demand and based upon the actions we're taking and based upon the growth of our Global Trade business, destination marketing based business, Stevedoring and all the other businesses there.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, I think our perspective is softseed margins should continue being strong over in Europe as we go into 2019. And again, a lot of it's driven by good biodiesel demand, and just good oil values that we're seeing in that part of the world.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Well, the meal side is also a contributing factor, but we've seen some strength on the oil side as well.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: I mean, I think the run rates that we're seeing right now, are probably a little higher than where we're going to end up, but it's not going to be totally out of line kind of with what we're running for the quarter. Maybe just slightly lower on a run rate basis.
