Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.61. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $599 million. For the calendar year, our adjusted earnings per share was $2.60. Global dynamics reduced margins across the U.S. agricultural export sector, the U.S. ethanol industry, and in the soybean crushing industry worldwide. Adverse market conditions that impacted many of our businesses earlier in the year continued through the fourth quarter. Despite the challenging conditions, we achieved 2015 adjusted ROIC of 7.3%, 70 basis points above our annual cost of capital, generating positive EVA. In the fourth quarter, we advanced our strategic plan by expanding our international corn processing footprint with the acquisition of Eaststarch, progressing our destination marketing strategy with the announcement of the Medsofts Egyptian joint venture, and strengthening our European Olenex refined oils joint venture. And today, we are announcing an investment in a controlling stake in Harvest Innovations, a leading producer of non-GMO, organic, and gluten-free ingredients. From a portfolio management perspective, we completed the sale of our global cocoa business. In addition, 2015 was the safest year in the history of ADM with the lowest level of recordable and lost-time injuries. I'm pleased with how our discipline, focus, and process improvements have translated to these safety results in 2015. With current headwinds likely to persist, we remain focused on the areas within our control. We will continue to implement our pipeline of operational excellence initiatives, with an objective of an incremental $275 million of run-rate savings by the end of the calendar year. As part of the evolution of our strategic plan, we are also taking a fresh look at the capital intensity of our operations and portfolio, seeking innovative ways to lighten-up and redeploy capital in our efforts to drive long-term returns. In 2016, our balanced capital allocation framework remains a priority, including a quarterly dividend rate increase of more than 7% to $0.30 per share, and share repurchases of between $1 billion and $1.5 billion, subject to strategic capital requirements. With a strong balance sheet, we will also remain opportunistic for investments, especially bolt-ons, in this more challenged macro environment. I'll provide more detail on our 2015 accomplishments as well as perspectives on 2016 later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure. Let me talk a little bit, the North America, Farha, grain movement continues to be slow, behind the pace of last year. Slow prices are not incenting farmers to commercialize their crops yet. So, movements of soybeans was obviously a little bit more brisk maybe in late Q4 and continue into Q1, mainly maybe due to farmer cash flows. We have seen in the past that U.S. stocks will be commercialized through the year, either through a strong demand for U.S. products and cash flow needs for the farmers, or spikes in bulk prices. That's how we're seeing it right out. Right now, we're seeing farmers selling in broad rallies (31:02). If you go to Brazil or Argentina, we're seeing a strong dependency on what's happening with the currencies. We've seen in Brazil we have a day in which the dollar is BRL 4.18, and we see a lot of farmers selling. If it moves back to BRL 4.11 or BRL 3.97, then we see farmers selling slowing down. We see a little bit of that in Argentina. We saw a little bit more farmer selling of corn and wheat, a little bit less soybeans as the farmer maybe was not that happy with the reduction in export retention that they have over there. So, still, I would say, with these low prices subdued and customers – farmers will sell through rallies when they have cash flow needs.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Maybe let me give you some perspective here. So, in the U.S., we have seen a big deterioration during Q4 and some deterioration also into January. And now, we've seen the industry adjusting operating rates and things starting to ease off from the lows, if you will, that we hit in January. Obviously, this is the low season in the U.S. anyways. So, there is a shift to crush margins into South America. South America still have an expanded crush margin because they haven't been – haven't had their benefit of the harvest, but will get that soon in Brazil. Europe, we see it, okay; kind of stable until maybe March, April, and then we have the dynamics that we'll probably see more exports from South America. But also, we have the rapeseed harvest in Europe and we have the ability to switch our assets a little bit between soybean and rapeseeds over there. So, that's how we see the evolution of crush margins at this point in time.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, Farha. Yeah. What we're seeing here is that we continue to be implementing our cost reductions in the dry mills that we have seen. But margin continues to be stubbornly low. And even with our improvements in cost, we are concerned about the long-term fundamentals of the dry mill ethanol part of the industry, if you will. So we have asked the team to undertake the strategic review of that. They have an adviser helping them on that. And we're going to run through the different scenarios all the way from one extreme to the other, when we will explore all the scenarios. So, we have no rush for this. We – the whole operation is having positive cash flows, positive contributions. So, there's no need to panic. We just want to be prepared to look at the industry long term and see can this industry present the returns that we expect and what are the options to maximize that return for ADM. So there is not a clear timeline or a clear direction. And what we really want to see, we want to see the analysis of the options that the team will bring. In the meantime, the improvements in cost continue. And we have seen in 2015 improvements in enzymes, improvement in yields, improvement in corn oil recovery. So we are very pleased with what the teams are doing in that. It's just we have an industry problem, and we want to see how we can participate in addressing that through strategic options.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Listen, Adam, if you look at our evolution and our focus on returns, we're very pleased with the pipeline we have in operational excellence. We think we have a very good cost position in the company. We have addressed the portfolio with the divestitures of cocoa, fertilizer and chocolate. We have set up a lot of growth engines through M&A or CapEx projects. The next evolution in this is that we look at the way we operate and we see we are very productive from a people perspective. We made north of $600 million of earning this quarter with 33,000 people, so we feel we're very productive from a people intensity perspective. When we look at the asset intensity, we don't feel that great about that. We think that there is still some ability to flex our assets a little bit better. Part is the nature of the industry, which is it's got some seasonality and you need to have some assets for some peak periods. But we have started to undergo an analysis of all our businesses and value chain. You have to realize sometimes we keep assets that we think about them as cost centers, if you will. And we are trying to look at them more as businesses in itself and having to provide a return. So also technology is providing some tools. We have today software – if I give you an example, ADM because it's a large company, we have many, many warehouses around the U.S. and around the world. Today we have softwares that allow us to look at their freight rates, look at their inventory needs and look at their number of warehouses and can provide a significant optimization to our warehouses network, if you will, that could end up in selling some of those properties. You mentioned some of the transportation. We do believe we have a very tax efficient ownership of our transportation asset, but there may be aspects of that maybe in ports that where we have opportunity to do something better. So, again, this is a multi-year process and we're going to be looking at several parts of our operations, but we have looked at that with a target of about $1 billion and we believe that these are realistic targets over time in looking at what I just described.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. To give you an idea of the operational improvements, when we finished 2015 with $200 million of run rate savings, we approximately realized in 2015 about $90 million of those $200 million, just because the way the projects are implemented during the year. So as we are talking in 2016 about $275 million in our pipeline that will be executed during 2016 run rate savings of $275 million, we should expect about $100 million, $120 million give or take that will be realized during 2016, if that helps. And I will let Ray talk a little bit about the accretion of some of our M&A.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. You heard the second part of my commentary was that really the base had reduced. And the base probably had reduced a little bit more than the $2.60 you described. The $2.60 has already probably between $0.20 and $0.30 of that $1.00 to $1.50 of the new strategy that's bringing. So maybe the base is more like $2.30, $2.40, something in that range. We feel good, as I described before in my comments and I think Ray just mentioned, about the progression towards this $1.00, $1.50. We have a little bit less visibility on when the bases will recover because it's more impacted by macro factors that we really don't control. We control many more of the factors in the strategy.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Remember, when we were talking, I think you asked me this question before when we were at about $50 and we said, at $50 this was going all right. And at $40 we were still doing relatively good. I don't think that – part is the oil prices, but part is, to be honest, the behavior of the industry. The demand continues to be solid, David. Domestic demand has increased because of low oil prices and high gasoline consumption. And export demand has been very good, and we expect it to be even better to 2016. It's just a matter that the production in the industry has kept this industry margins very, very low, and we are really surprised by that. We've been running our plants for yield. As I said before, we've seen improvements in our operations based on that. But these margins continues to be stubbornly low, so we want to analyze what happen at lower oil prices, what happen if these things recover. So we have an internal review to see the different scenarios and what do we do under those different scenarios. So it's just a matter that you look at how much can you improve your cost position. We have a good view now into how much we can improve our cost position. And we want to test that against lower oil prices or higher industry rates if they don't go down, so.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David. If you compare last year with this year, last year North America came into the export season with a big book of export on non-traditional destinations, which we didn't have this year. So I think that when I look at Argentina, the farmers selling in soybeans have been disappointing for what everybody was expecting. So crush has improved but not that much, but I think has created the expectation in a lot of the buyers that maybe Argentina will increase crush and will become a bigger player in mill worldwide. And maybe it was wise to wait a little bit and wait for all that to come to market. Again, it hasn't come yet. If you look at what crushing rate in Argentina is about 3 million tons per month, capacity is maybe 4.5 tons per month or something like that, we're still thinking about 40 million tons of crushing for next year. So we haven't seen the explosion, but I think it has been the psychological impact in all the buyers of non-traditional destination for the U.S. So we continue to supply the traditional destinations to the U.S. We have lost that ability to sell aggressively to non-traditional destination, partly the U.S. dollar, partly the expectations that Argentina will come into that. So longwinded answer to your question. It's probably yes, although not yet because of increased production, more for psychological impact of their ability to produce more.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So, in my mind, that's what really changed this year. And I don't believe this is structural. This is temporary. We're going to go through this cycle here. I do believe at some juncture the U.S. dollar will correct itself. Timing to be determined, but I don't think this is a structural issue. It's a cyclical issue that we're going to have to manage through here.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I think it's not going to be an immediate flush of all those soybeans. Obviously, Argentina will try to consume those soybeans as much as possible through crushing. So I think it could take a big part of 2016, almost all 2016 to do that. If you think that they have, take your pick, between 12 million tons, something in that range, and again if the delta between what they crush, 3 million tons per month and there is capacity of 4.5 million tons per month and the farmer are not that interested in selling, the situation is not going to change that much in Argentina in the short term. So I think it's going to be a gradual period in which we might have to suffer with increase in North America, suffer with increased crush margins from Argentina for a while until they evacuate all this inventory.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Ken, ports are important in Brazil, as you will know. One of the reasons we are expanding our terminal in Santos and we created this port in the northern part of Brazil. We have to be careful, though, that there is a lot of port capacity being created. And as we see it in North America, in order for you to get good elevation in margins, there needs to be some tightening of that capacity; it continues to be a supply-demand game. So, yes, we're evaluating – our teams are evaluating. But we need to make sure that we look at the potential for overbuilding in certain areas. So we continue to be with our focus on returns and looking at that. We're building a port in Argentina in San Lorenzo because we think it makes sense. We built a port in the northern part of Brazil. We thought it made a lot of sense. The other ports we continue to analyze. There is a lot of activity. In some places, maybe even too much activity.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So, the first part is, I think there are two ways at this point in time to improve ethanol margins. One is expand export markets. I think we know what the domestic market will be, so is expanding export market, thankfully. And the second is probably cut in rates domestically. And I think that as people, we are seeing it ourselves. When we ran these things for yield, our cost position becomes better. So when you have thin margins, you want to be able to have your lowest-cost position, your best cost position. And it's not necessarily through volume that you get that. And we have proven that that in our own facilities. But anyway – so, those are the two main factors. In terms of growing exports, we do see places like India and China that are dealing with environmental issues due to smog that – how they are increasing the use of ethanol to fight their environmental – their air issue – air pollution issue. So, we see that demand growing. We see how demands have grown in China, and we expect for next year to be even bigger. So we expect 2016 net exports from the U.S. to be probably between 50 million gallons to 100 million gallons higher than what they were in 2015 driven by all these two main markets.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, again, Ken, if you have asked me last year with the volumes of this year, I would have guessed that margins will be better. And yet, we continue to still only run at high rates, and maybe people bringing – creeping their plants and producing as much as they can. So, this is a commodity industry and you really need very, very tight capacity utilization. So maybe, low-90%s doesn't make it. You need to be like 96%, 97% on that. And if every time that we get to that level somebody brings a little bit more capacity, we continue to hover in this level that doesn't benefit anybody. So to me – I mean, we continue to be optimistic as we were before. We continue to improve our operations. It's just that at one point reality needs to match our optimism. And so far, it hasn't done it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. At this point, we are forecasting this type of level if you will. $30, if you will, in the absence of any more information than that in a very volatile environment. We still believe that, as I said, there from an alkaloids perspective, and as you said from some oxygenates, we're still cheaper and we still see continued demand from our destinations. We see, as I was answering to Ken, gladly that there are new markets like, again, India and China that are increasingly taking based on air pollution issues and the benefit of ethanol to do that. So, at this point, we are estimating on a flat crude oil environment if you will.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. I would say 2015 was kind of a noisy year or a dirty year for WFSI. We integrated the acquisition. We put several businesses together. We have a couple of bolt-ons and then we have emerging market issues that move our demand. And even our seasonal high periods, they move a little bit. So, it was a very unusual year. With also a lot of customers focusing much more sometimes in cost reductions than in revenue enhancement opportunities. We are very pleased though with the way the customers have reacted to our value proposition and we see that in the engagement that we have in our customers. So, our expectations for the pipeline and the deliverance of synergy have not changed. Maybe it has changed a little bit the composition of that in the short term. I think, if we're going to be talking in the year three of this, we'd probably be reporting a little bit higher cost synergies than we originally expected, and we will still be targeting the same amount or more of revenue synergies, maybe a little bit longer in the timeline, just because we continue to incorporate products to our product line and our value proposition, and that continues to open doors with customers. But the customer projects are normally a little bit slower or less in our control from a timing perspective than the cost synergies. But the response to customers to our value proposition has been very, very good. We've – when we originally target this, Sandy, we had $94 million originally target on revenue synergies; we have built a pipeline of already $67 million to $70 million, and we have more than 700 projects in the pipeline. So, we feel very, very good about having created this pipeline that we're turning into execution and into wins, and you will see that accelerating in 2016.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: This is – obviously, this is the second time that we're going through this with the Chinese government. And, yeah, there's been more – there's been less activity, obviously, going of DDGs into China. So, they are staying domestically. And they are adjusting prices to find their way into Russia. So, a little bit hurting soybean mill in that sense. And – but I will say, yeah, obviously, not a positive for ethanol, but we're seeing the impact already.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Michael. Yeah. As we said, the negotiations have concluded. We are very satisfied, you know the industry is very tight. So, I think, we concluded with pricing across the portfolio of products in the high-single digits, I would say, for 2016. So, we believe that 2016 represent an opportunity for us to expand margins and see an even-increasing volumes for us. So, we are very bullish about that segment for 2016.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. If we – if you look at, for example, how much ethanol we produced in 2015, we produced less than in 2014. And if you look at high-fructose corn syrup or all our sweeteners and starches, actually we grew our volumes. So, there is a shift that we normally place. The guys optimize the assets and fight for the grind is not only between those two things, but we also continue to introduce new products, sometimes too small to mention, but we continue to see that fight for the grind, yeah.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah. I don't know the $275 million top of my head. But traditionally, Corn takes about 50% of all our operational improvements. And that might change, you know, over time as we run out of some opportunities here or there. But I would say a rule of thumb, you take 50%, apply it to ethanol – to Corn, I'm sorry.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yeah, Eric. So, let me take that by pieces. In the U.S., we expect probably acreage of corn and soybeans to go up a little bit and maybe at the expense of wheat acres. You said it well, the globe have increased their stocks this year in the tune of maybe 20 million tons, 25 million tons. So, the world is well supplied. And yet China is sitting on inventories, although we never know the quality of those inventories. So, at this point in time, given that South America is probably not having any major threatening weather events and the U.S. seems to be forecasting a wet spring and we have good soil moisture. So, we probably expect that there'll continue to be ample supply going into next year. There has been some dislocations. We shouldn't forget, El Niño created some problems and that's why we're exporting so much soybean oil to India, for example, or we are exporting now more corn to South Africa because of the drought there. But probably, these dislocations were regional in nature and didn't get to global levels. So, at this point in time, the scenario is for still plentiful supplies as we see forward.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Ray G. Young: Yes. But just on the M&A question here, just a couple things. This year, as you know, we actually had a lot in terms of net divestment proceeds from the cocoa and chocolate business. As you know, those businesses were not really generating much profitability to being extremely volatile. We actually believed that and we did some analysis that it actually is going to be positive towards our forward ROICs by divesting those businesses and taking the proceeds and we bought back shares, reduced our invested capital base. So that's going to be actually positive towards our ROIC going forward. In terms of 2016, you asked what does the M&A divestment kind of look like. I mean, generally as you expect, I mean, we are budgeting or planning CapEx around $1 billion for 2016. On the M&A front, we always have a little bit in terms of just bolt-on acquisitions probably $200 million. Net divestment proceeds; divestitures, we've achieved a lot already in terms of divestitures, and so at this point in time we're not planning for a large divestiture number there. But in general, when I think about the impact of our recent M&As that we did in 2015 as an example, we did quite a few bolt-ons, including Eaststarch. Those have been accretive and will continue to be accretive to our earnings going forward. It's part of our bridge towards $1.00 to $1.50 of improvements. And if you recall, these types of strategic projects over a three-year period will add probably around $0.30 a share towards our earnings power over a three-year period when you kind of accumulate what we've already announced plus some of the projects that we're working on right now.
Ray G. Young: Yes. When you take a look at it for 2016, approximately on a net basis you probably pick up around $0.05 a share.
Ray G. Young: Yes. Hey, Rob. A couple observations. There's different currencies that impact us. If you look at just pure translation impact, Rob, over the calendar year, this is a classical accounting translation. Translation impact on our operating profit was about roughly $130 million negative impact for us, okay? So just pure currency translation. So, therefore, it was a impact but I'd say that's not a dramatic impact. The bigger issue is really the competitive issue and the competitiveness issue is really driven by not just the strength of the U.S. dollar but also the fact that two other factors: we've got large crops around the world, all right. So the fact that you've got well-supplied inventories of crops around the world had an impact; and then secondly, for the major crop-growing areas, their currencies actually devalued far more than what the basket of currencies that the U.S. dollar is weighed against. So when you saw what happened this year, you saw the reais because of the political situation really depreciate, you saw the Argentine policy changes, you've seen what happened with Russia and Ukraine. So what happened was for the major crop-growing areas, their currencies actually devalued significantly relative to the basket of currencies. And then you also anticipate lot of supply around the world because under normal situations, Rob, when the U.S. dollar strengthens, let's say, under a normal cycle of U.S. dollar strength and when there's a more balanced supply of crops around the world, the world will still come to the U.S. for the crops.
Ray G. Young: Well, I mean, as you know, Ann, I mean, it's difficult to forecast currencies, right. I mean, it's – there's a lot of factors that enter it. There's the political factors also impacting presumably the Brazilian currency at this point in time. I mean, you also have to remember that in some respects, a lot of these countries are getting a windfall right now in terms of the competitiveness of the crop because they've got the devaluation that occurred this year, yet your input cost was prior to the currencies devaluing. So, they were able to still get competitive input costs in terms of whether it'd be seed or chemicals, I mean, that's going to change as you go into 2016 because what will happen is they'll have to buy that at a higher cost, because lot of this is actually denominated more in U.S. dollar terms. And so, a lot of these countries are going to have to grapple with higher input costs in terms of their grains going forward, whether it be seeds, chemicals, et cetera, et cetera, so what to see? I mean, is the worst behind us? It's difficult to predict. What we do know is currencies go through cycles. And so, from our perspective, we're going through a cyclical downturn with some of these currencies. Political influences have some impact, our job is just to manage this, and we'll continue to focus on expanding our footprint in South America as for example. I mean, we've made investments down there and we're going to continue to manage our costs. The other factor Ann is, is really balancing the global supply-demand of grains and oftentimes, that low prices solve a lot of issues. And so, with the current low prices, expectation is that you should see a lot more consumption around the world and that could probably help us in terms of the global supply-demand balance, which will also be important in terms of getting the situation back to normal.
Ray G. Young: Well, Eric, let me take that. I mean, when you take a look at what we've done in the back half of 2015, we've been running $0.60 a quarter, right, in terms of a run rate.
Ray G. Young: And so, I mean you can't necessarily multiply by four, but what we're saying is that the conditions are not going to be – at least what we see in terms of just visibility at this point in time, not materially different.
Ray G. Young: As we kind of move through the year, I mean, clearly, you're going to have certain benefits there. As you would expect, we are going to start off low in the first quarter. I mean, this is based upon the conditions that we end up at the end of December where ethanol margins have ended up. And I mentioned to you, the high water impacts that we had in the Mississippi River that will impact us in January – in the first quarter. We'll start off slower in the front half of the year. We'll start off slower in first quarter and then we expect some gradual recovery as it kind of move through the year. We will get accretion from the investments that we've made. We will get accretion from the cost reductions that we're doing. Well, again, as Juan indicated, we expect the margin environment for ethanol should improve as we kind of move through the year but again, that's going to be a variable that we're going to analyze very, very carefully. And so, as you kind of look at how we think the year will play out, again, as Juan indicated, we do expect Ag Services to be a little better. We expect Corn to be a little bit better. Again, a lot of it a function of where the ethanol margins for the industry end up in the back half of the year. We see Oilseeds is based upon the global crush margins right now to be worse off and then WFSI should have a good year. So, with all those puts and takes, I think we've to make a judgment in terms of how we end up overall. But at least, based upon what we see in terms of visibility, the front – first quarter front half will be tougher than what we think the second half would look like.
