Patricia A. Woertz: Well, thank you, Case, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. This morning, we reported first quarter net earnings of $267 million or $0.40 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.55 per share. Segment operating profit was $691 million. Our businesses delivered mixed results this first quarter. Our Ag Services business again generated weak results due to a low-margin environment, as well as logistics and weather challenges that we saw in the United States. Continued strong performance in Corn was supported by the robust ethanol markets, and the sustained solid results in Oilseeds were driven by good margins and volumes in North and South American soybean crushing. We also continued to make very good progress during the quarter in our ongoing portfolio management and our other key initiatives to improve the earnings power and returns of the company. I'll now turn the call over to Ray.
Patricia A. Woertz: You asked the question, Michael, about Australia, and I think our strategic rationale remains the same about our look at that part of the world: production region, its proximity to Asia. I think, long term, we're committed to that region. We hold an ownership stake, as you know, of just under 20% at GrainCorp. I think we have -- as we said before, they're looking for a new CEO, so they have an interim situation at the moment, and we're very respectful of that process. And I think once a new CEO is in place, we'll have the opportunity to work more closely, perhaps, with the management team to find additional ways to work together and drive value. I think the -- you mentioned outreach from government, et cetera. I don't think I have any news or anything to report this quarter on that stake.
Patricia A. Woertz: Adam, if I may add a few things just related to some of the work the company has underway to really reinforce this focus on returns and on EVA or economic value add. Obviously, it is a return over WACC times your -- the invested capital. And each of our businesses are looking more granularly at every one of those businesses within the business and even within the subsegments so that this improvement -- Juan talked, I think, very astutely about the 3 pillars of improving, the strengthening and improving the core business, working on our portfolio and on selected growth. And I think the business is working hard on, particularly, improving the core and on some of this selected growth, taking a very disciplined look at that capital spend.
Patricia A. Woertz: Certainly, around here, Ken, Illinois planted a lot in its last dry week. So that's an example of, I think, we feel very good.
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, some of this is opportunistic, Ken, as you know. If it's about some opportunity piece that relate to small or even sizable strategic M&A, that depends on where you are in that opportunity or in that discussion. Certainly, we talked about a balanced approach to use of cash. So on just a straightforward basis, our dividend and share repurchase is on track to what we have talked about over the year, being each quarter ratable, and I think that $1.4 billion for this current year is what we're looking at for returns to shareholders.
Patricia A. Woertz: And I'll add to Ray's point here to just make the point that we have a lot of optimism about these pillars, that we plan to improve the business, work on the portfolio and invest for growth. And often, these quarterly calls, you don't get the chance to talk about the investment for growth as much. So as Ray said, I think we feel very good about this pipeline of looks we have. And we'll probably plan for an investor day much later in the year, and we're looking at the chance to do some deep dives into both our look backs on capital spend, on our progress that we've made on improving the business, on the churn of the portfolio, as well as on these investments for the future.
Patricia A. Woertz: And Ken, to your -- also to your point of our earnings power, we've kind of plateaued at this $3 level. And we're hopeful that, not only this year, but this year and beyond had that pivotal point to be able to have that earnings power at a much higher level. So again, that's our intention. That's our plans. That is where not only the numerator needs to grow, but the full returns level needs to grow, and that's what we'll do.
Patricia A. Woertz: We don't get that specific with it. But certainly, the latter half of the year has good opportunity for us, absolutely.
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, we do expect them to say something by June. I think the number will change, but what it will change to, I can't say. Think about it as providing a floor on demand, and the economics drive all the upside to that. So yes, stay tuned. We'll see what comes out.
Patricia A. Woertz: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We do have a list of our upcoming investor events on, I think, it's Slide 15. And as always, please feel free to follow up with Case if you have any other questions. Thanks so much for your time and interest in ADM.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David, this is Juan. Obviously, as we saw opportunities and better margins than we expected, we were booking some forward margins. So maybe what you see in the first quarter is also a combination of part of the businesses that we have booked before. Also, don't forget that our bioproducts is a combination of several products inside that portfolio, not only ethanol. So you describe it correctly. We saw -- we see a strong environment for margins into the business. In Q1, we not only booked margins for Q1, but also booked some for Q2, which bodes well, again, into the future. So all in all, we see ethanol margin with optimism for the rest of the year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David, I'll start and then I'll pass it to Ray to answer the second part of the question. Three things that made the difference between Q4 and Q1. One is the biodiesel. With the expiration of the credit, certainly it was not that strong as it was in Q4. Second, we had some weather issues, and that impacted some of the canola operations. And third, we have lower Wilmar results this quarter than the previous quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David, I think when we were having it before, obviously, we owned 80% before, it was easy to align the company, but we couldn't have a full integration. Now we think that, that's going to be fully realized, so there are some cost synergies, certainly. But also, more importantly, probably, we're going to have a full value chain all the way from origination to destination markets when we include Toepfer origination and destination units into our Ag Services business. So I think this is going to serve to strengthening our Ag Services business. We are treating this internally as an acquisition, so we have a very disciplined implementation plan and integration. And as we get more comfortable into realizing some of those, maybe we will disclose some of those numbers.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Tim, I would say yes. I think we need -- we still need another strong corn crop for the pipeline to be refilled and for us to have the full potential of the Ag Services earnings. When we think about Ag Services, part of our income comes from acquiring cheap bases at the harvest, and that didn't happen this year. But part also -- part of the income comes from wheat carries, and we didn't have that either. So when you have all these inverses and you don't have the break of the bases, I think it presents a difficult environment. When we look at -- and we look very deeply at the Ag Services, none of the KPIs are indicating any deterioration in our position. We export more than last year the volumes that we handled, so we feel comfortable. Our operation costs are under control or better than last year and our volumes are on check, so it's just a matter of we haven't been presented with the opportunities. And we believe that, that will happen in the second half of this year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I would say, in general, demand for feed in China, with these up-and-downs, continue to be very solid. I would say the fundamental trend is still there. You're going to see adjustments as they are overshoot in one direction or the other, but I would say, medium term, second half, I still consider it very, very solid.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, this is a business that quietly has been growing inside ADM and inside the Oilseeds business. And obviously, with some of the trends in terms of people wanting to add more protein and fiber into their diet, that kind of accelerated. And it's increasingly becoming a more important contributor of earnings for the business and also a very solid type of earnings, earnings that don't have that much volatility quarter-to-quarter. So you will see us trying to grow that business organically and maybe through acquisitions over time. We need to continue to expand our product mix. We need more capabilities. So you will see us very active in that business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Michael. As we look forward, we see domestic demand pretty flat and Mexican volumes a little bit softer this year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Farha, I think -- the way I tend to think about the ethanol industry, obviously, price drives a lot in the energy markets. And I think when we saw this kind of pricing, ethanol from the U.S. was basically the most competitive fuel in the world. And as such, it made it into a lot of formulations. When you run a refinery, you are always running an optimizer project, if you will, in which you're trying to get the cheapest formulation available. So these people have connections to every possible fuel component that you have. And as such, as the U.S. will always be competitive from time to time, even very, very, very competitive, you will continue to see that. So I think that the good thing is that this has opened several markets to us that we will be able to come back frequently. From the domestic perspective, I see the industry maturing. I see the industry expected to be relatively flattish in volumes but growing into its capacity. So we believe the period of us being able to achieve good returns is here. So we -- in these exports, we believe now that it's giving us a billion gallon type of amount, if you would, of markets that we have developed. And that, with a stable 13 billion, 13.5 billion gallon of U.S. market, makes us very optimistic about the future of the ethanol industry.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, so we have about 6 chocolate facilities and about 10 cocoa processing facilities. And in terms of value, the chocolate business is about 1/3 of the value of the total cocoa business, if that gives you a flavor for it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think that, certainly, on-farm storage tends to be highlighted much more when there is a smaller carryout. During years of big carryouts, I mean, we don't see that. When we look at the years in which we had peak profits for Ag Services, as we look into the past, these were years in which we had 2 consecutive years of very good crops in the U.S. So we truly expect the margin situation to change now with the resetting of the new crop coming in August, September, whenever it comes. So we believe on-farm storage would basically empty at this point. It would refill. We believe there's going to be a more normalization of margins as we go into the third quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. When we look at the Corn business, we're always looking for opportunities to do more with the grind of corn. And one of the large opportunities is in to make some very selective number of chemicals. And Rennovia presents some catalysts and some technology that has -- that is very applicable for us to do so. So I think, for us, it's very important to have an alternative beyond ethanol or sweeteners, and we're always investing in that. So it's -- you have to see that as support of the Corn business, the profitability of returns of the Corn business going forward.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think we haven't seen it yet, but this is looming in the horizon obviously. It hasn't gone away. So I would say, at one point in time, we may see maybe in a couple of quarters or something. But we haven't seen it yet.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, certainly. Obviously, we have -- the opportunities in front of us depend a lot on discontinuities. When markets are very well supplied, as you described, sometimes there are less opportunities in front of us. But as I said before, when we see the 2 big deltas versus the profitability that we were expecting, we saw the lack of wheat carries that has been a big source of income for us over the last 2, 3 years. And also, this year's lack of a basis break didn't get us the ability to got a lot of cheap ownership, if you will, as we have done other years. So with the farmer not selling and the basis not breaking and then the weather getting in the way, I think that, that was the combination. Whether we want to come back completely to the $1 billion and whatever, we feel good about it because we have increased our footprint. We have made some investments in Eastern Europe and other places. And I think -- and we think, also, with the combination of Toepfer, I think we're going to be able to provide even more services through the value chain. We're going to extend the value chain all the way from origination to the destination markets. So we're working very, very hard to make that a stronger business. So we are very confident into the future of Ag Services. Yes, the business changed. The dynamics of the industry changes. We still believe that we are very well positioned to reap the reward for that into the future.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: It didn't affect Ag Services per se, our grain business. It impacted our Toepfer subsidiary, and the impact was between Q4 and Q1. So we just finished with that. There is some charge in those numbers, but it was not that significant, to be honest.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, there are 2 main drivers. One is energy efficiency, and you can put a big part of that in Corn. The second is procurement, and a lot of that is chemicals and things like that. There's a little bit of distribution between Oilseeds and Corn, if you will.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. At this point, we don't want to disclose that number. It's providing us very good return. Certainly, it's in the high end of the returns, and it has potential. So it's -- we're very happy with the business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think it was an issue of people learning from last year in which it was very difficult for Brazil to ship. And people with very tight inventories, I think they placed orders more than once. And then Brazil did a very good job this year in actually shipping everything, and the margins at that time in -- the crush margins in China were very, very negative. So we started to see some of those cancellations. Thankfully, those cancellations didn't impact us. We got paid in all of our shipments, so we -- we that's why we didn't report on that because it was not an impact that we had this quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, we are not. We can export 1.5 billion. Other than the vagaries of weather and ice or snow or something like that, logistically, we can do it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: It's difficult to talk about the capacity of the plant because it produces many, many different specialty products, and they have several units of operations. So every plant that we build around the world is different and will depend, the output, on the product mix as we develop the market. And the plant will probably take 15 to 18 months to be completed.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So in terms of the impact of the soda tax in Mexico, very -- it's too early to tell whether it is curtailing demand or what's going to be the impact on demand. Some people, obviously, are increasing prices of the beverages. So to what extent -- what is the elasticity of that? I mean, it's too early. We will see. So at this point in time, I'm repeating myself here, we see kind of flat for the U.S. and slightly down in Mexico. That slightly down in Mexico has a correlation to the margin environment. Obviously, the capacity utilization is a little bit more lax this year than other years, and that has impacted pricing discussions. So that's the environment as we see it. And the business has done a very good job, Diane, in balancing on that the lower costs that we have and the ability to swing to more profitable products. So we were very happy with our results so far. And you heard me about the Rennovia investment. We continue to do a lot in order to bring more grind to improve the competitive position of Corn business so we have other options as well. So this investment in Rennovia is also to develop some chemicals that we can continue to add more swing capacity so we can make sweeteners, so we can make ethanol, we can make chemicals. So if we broaden the portfolio, we improve our options.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Rennovia is actually a -- is a collaboration in which we invested in them to get catalysts on some processes. We will take those catalysts and bring into our plants. So this is probably 18 months away, if you will, in terms of something happening on our side. It's more a research investment deal.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Rob, this is Juan. We obviously -- we opposed the petition because we believe that it interferes with the intent of NAFTA, and we're all for free trade here. Beyond that, it would be speculative to comment on the impact this petition may or may not have in the different markets or in the different governments. So we're watching it very closely. We are cooperating with the authorities and participating, giving our statements where we are required. Other than that, it's too early, probably.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, I think it's a U.S. decision. But you're taking me into areas that I'm not an expert, Robert. So...
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Eric, it's a combination of factors. First of all, when we give an indication at the beginning of the year, it doesn't mean that we will invest that amount if we don't find good opportunities. Normally, we have a slow ramp-up just because the weather -- with the weather we have in the first quarter, it's not very conducive to be doing external work. So -- but I would say, the way we're going this year is probably closer to maybe $1.2 billion or something in that range that we are spending at this -- but it will be back-end loaded, if you will.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, the corn seems to be 19% this week. I think it's below the 5-year average, but certainly ahead of last year. We saw a significant improvement this week, and I think that we feel good. We saw, last year, the ability of the U.S. farmer to plant -- to make planting progress in a week is fantastic. So the weather forecast looks all right. So there may be a couple of days in which -- it's raining right now here, so we may have a little bit of a delay, but we feel very good about it. There are no issues at this point in time.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: We saw -- as prices spiked in March and the weather improved, we saw some increased corn selling, yes, more opportunistic kind of thing. Yes.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think it's too soon to tell. We've been making prognostications, and we've been disappointed about the Ag Services and the weather market. So...
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, with Tim, as I said, it's very optimistic about that. I think that it's pretty much in the range. I mean, I think that they are not concerned about that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: It is difficult to speculate on what the EPA will do, David. As I've said, I think we look at this industry as having matured. I have been getting to the point in which there is some discipline in the industry. There is people feeling good about running it at almost capacity. And we have developed enough optionality, whether it's E85, E15 or export market that the economics had been driving, that actually, we feel very optimistic about being able to achieve our return objectives in the ethanol market.
Ray G. Young: And David, on your question whether there were any mark-to-market impacts, as I indicated, we thought we were going to have a fairly sizable canola mark-to-market impact. And as we kind of went through the month of March and we closed March, we still had a negative mark-to-market impact on canola, although the size of that mark-to-market impact was consistent with our normal ranges. And again, you asked me about our normal ranges, I mean, we could see plus or minus $20 million to $30 million mark-to-market impacts on canola, and that's a normal quarter. I mean, that's because of our mark-to-market accounting on canola. So I guess what I can say is we did have a negative mark-to-market on canola. We didn't think it was outside of our normal range. That's the reason why we didn't highlight it as one of the items on our timing effects chart in our press release and in our earnings deck.
Ray G. Young: Again, we don't usually break that out. But as I indicated, the canola impact, in terms of the timing effects, it's within our normal ranges, but it was negative this month. And again, like I said, the normal range is $20 million to $30 million. The way I kind of look at the Oilseeds business is that we recorded, in the absence of timing effects, about $358 million for the quarter. I think that when I kind of analyze it and look at the canola effects and some other unique items, I actually felt that we were really running at around a $400 million quarterly rate for the Oilseeds business for the quarter, which I thought was actually a pretty good performance for the first quarter. So all in all, as Juan indicated, it was consistent with our expectations. And when I analyze it and break it down, I think that was more along a $400 million first quarter run rate for the business.
Ray G. Young: As we -- Mike, as we indicated earlier, we were approaching this year on what we call a balanced approach towards capital allocation. So we're going to invest about $1.4 billion in CapEx and return about $1.4 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. That still remains our objective for the calendar year 2014. While we've gotten a slower start on the capital spending rate, which, by the way, normally, first quarter is a slower run rate in terms of CapEx within our company, and it was further exacerbated by some of the weather issues that we saw on the first quarter. But I don't think we've changed -- we've deviated in terms of our approach towards this balanced approach for 2014. I think maybe Pat will have a few more comments to say, too, here.
Ray G. Young: Yes. I think -- I mean, you're looking at refining packaging and biodiesel, which, sequentially, is up quarter-over-quarter. I mean, like I said, there's a lot of items in that particular amount there. So, I mean, some of the other businesses in that segment actually did very, very well on a sequential basis. We also had some pretty good performance in European biodiesel this quarter as well, which kind of offset some of the impact on the North American biodiesel reduction.
Ray G. Young: Generally, I think, yes, it's shown some recovery. I think, also, the absence of Argentine crush showing up into the world markets has also helped allow the European operations to generate some good margins, both on the crushing and the refining area.
Ray G. Young: Yes, a couple of comments, Adam. First of all, clearly, we had a few drags on our earnings in the first quarter. And as we highlighted, the Ag Services was not performing to the levels that we normally would expect associated with a company that will earn 200 basis points over WACC. So that's point number one. Point number two is the fact that it is -- ROIC is a 4-quarter trailing average basis, right? And so as we kind of still work through the remnants of the 4-quarter trailing average and you get into more normal conditions, we're confident that the returns on a 4-quarter trailing average will continue to improve as we move through calendar year 2014. So you're right. I mean, our annual WACC is 6.4%, and we'd like to get up to 8.4% for this calendar year. We've got some more work to do. We've got, frankly, some margin recovery in certain segments. And I still think we've got growth opportunities in the rest of the year in certain segments as well. So are we going to get there this year? Remains to be determined, but we're still working hard and are trying to achieve that.
Ray G. Young: Well, first of all, it is in crushing and origination. Second, we haven't disclosed the specific magnitudes. As we kind of go through the process, we'll make a determination as to whether we will classify it in the future as discontinued ops or -- so we'll let you know as we kind of move through our earnings next quarter.
Ray G. Young: Again, as you know, in Brazil, there's always the regulatory approvals and all that stuff. I mean, we'd like to get it done by the end of the calendar year, if possible. That's what we're trying to strive towards. But again, there's a lot of work to do in terms of the segregation aspects and the regulatory aspects.
Ray G. Young: A couple of comments, Diane. First of all, 8% is our long-term WACC. And you're absolutely right, when we make long-term investment decisions and we make hurdle rates, we use hurdle rates to determine long-term investments, M&A, we use 8% WACC in order to kind of help establish those hurdle rates. And so we add a spread on top of this 8% to arrive at these hurdle rates for investment purposes. And as interest rates environment in the world increases, eventually, back to more normal levels, I mean, the annual WACC and the long-term WACC should converge. Okay, so that's point one. Point two, in the current environment where interest rates are low in the world -- and our commodity markets, when you think about how commodity markets are pricing carries, et cetera, et cetera, I mean, it is based upon short-term interest rates. So in order to evaluate our teams, you have to use current conditions, and that's the reason why we use annual WACC in order to try to evaluate current performance based upon how the market factors are. But again, I'm convinced that, long term, as interest rates in the world converge to normality, both annual WACC and the long-term WACC will converge.
Ray G. Young: The whole market, Diane -- if the whole market is basically pricing on the basis of short-term interest rates, then that's the comparison to use. Because that's how the market is pricing everything right now. Price of carries, I mean, you calculate carries in the marketplace, I mean, that's all based upon short-term interest rates, not long-term interest rates.
Ray G. Young: What we've done, Ken, is we've actually been able to change, in the middle of March, our approach in terms of accounting for the hedges on ethanol. So we were able to get a cash flow hedge accounting treatment in the middle of March. So going forward, you should not expect to see from us any significant timing effects on ethanol, as we'll be able to defer any gains and losses to the period of execution.
Ray G. Young: I think it's also fair to say, Ken, and we've talked about this in the past, our balance sheet's extremely strong. And frankly, when you take a look at how we're going to deploy capital and generate returns for our shareholders, there's no doubt that we are looking for opportunities to further grow the business aggressively and generate value from it. So while, again, our capital spending was at a slower rate in the first quarter, we do have a lot of different projects in our pipeline that we're analyzing. And frankly, as we move through the rest of this calendar year, we're confident that we'll be able to actually announce some of these projects and talk more about the returns that we're going to generate from the projects. At the same time, we are going to be disciplined. We're not going to invest for the sake of investing. We are focused on returns. And frankly, as you get to the end of the calendar year, if we conclude that there are not as many projects as we would have liked to invest in, we're going to look at returns of capital to our shareholders again beyond what we've talked about initially.
Ray G. Young: Yes, Ken. If we didn't feel confident that we have good investment prospects in front of us for the rest of the year, then we would be buying back stock more aggressively. So the fact that we're not buying back beyond what we've indicated indicates that we do have tangible projects -- tangible projects out there that we're looking at. And as we indicated, I think we'll be able to announce some of these as we kind of move through the calendar year.
