Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ismael. As we think about the rest of 2024 and the lead-up to 2025, we remain optimistic about ADM's ability to execute against our priorities while remaining agile in an evolving environment. The pressures of the current commodity cycle do not seem to be demand-driven, as we see continued robust demand for meal and oil. We will continue to focus on how we can actively manage our global footprint to best match these realities moving through the remainder of the year. Our processing capacities are improving through the year across our production operations, including the ramp-up of Green Bison to full capacity and growing production in Ukraine. And our forward book indicates that ADM is well-positioned to drive value through improved margin opportunities as we move into the back half of the year. AS&O results have remained robust, and we expect solid demand through 2024. Assuming fundamentals hold, we have an opportunity for upside in this part of the business through the year. Our initiatives to manage through the current cycle are expanding additional margin opportunities and opening up new channels to our customers, whether in the growth of destination marketing, the expansion of digital technologies focused on farmer needs, the extension of our Regen Act programs and partnerships, or the growth of our BioSolutions platform. So as market conditions improve, ADM has even more exciting platforms for growth and differences. As noted, we expect to see a significant portion of the planned $500 million cost savings driven by the drive for execution excellence to be realized by the end of this initial year of the program, setting up for potential upside in 2025 as more projects are identified and executed. Our Nutrition business have move beyond green shoots of positive momentum. We now see cyclical improvement across the broader portfolio, flavors, health and wellness, animal nutrition. As this continues through year end, we expect a return to growth that will continue and expand in 2025. In short, progress against our priorities, along with our experienced team's ability to pivot in response to an ever changing external environment, give us confidence in a solid close to the year and set ADM up well for a continued growth trajectory for our full business in 2025. Thank you. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Andrew. Listen, as you know, we have three businesses. Ag Services, I know it is in this, what we call a transition year, if you will, a rebalancing year from tight supplies to more comfortable S&D. So we expected to have a Q2 that was facing challenging conditions, which we did. And I think we navigated well. As we look at the rest of the year and the improvements we have over the quarter in terms of crush margins, we are executing at this point in time, even outside the range of $35 to $60 per metric ton that we gave so. But of course, when you think about our forecast for Ag Services & Oilseeds was heavily weighted on Q4. So to a certain degree, until we can put more businesses into Q4, it's probably that we have the same kind of visibility we had before. That's where we decided not to touch the range. On the other hand, Carb Solutions continue to be improving. And I think that as Ismael said in his remarks, if current ethanol margins that have improved over the quarter continue to stay that way, we could have an upside there. And certainly Nutrition continues to make significant improvements year-over-year now versus just being sequential before. So we're optimistic about the second half. We just didn't want to change the guidance at this point in time since it's heavily loaded towards Q4.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Tom. Yes, the base is what you describe, you are correct in your assumption there. Let me give you some feel here. The sequential improvement continues in the business, as we said, and that's when we start looking at Q3, it looks like it's going to be year-over-year improvement, which marks a significant improvement in Q3 versus Q2. If I go through the different segments, if you will, Flavors continues to do well. I think the business is up in sales 6%, excluding M&A. Of course, it's still reeling with some higher cost because of all the demand fulfillment improvements we needed to make. But demand is coming back to normal, recovering after this tuck-in period. So we feel good about our pipeline there. We feel good about our prospects for Flavor. Specialty ingredients continue to have a challenge in time. Demand is often we are working through our plant issues. Also, we have the issue of texturants or more specifically emulsifiers in that area are coming down after significant record prices last year, if you will. Health and wellness continue to be very strong. Biotic sales growth is up to 22%. And I think that the pipeline there and the prospects continue to be very strong. When you think about Animal sector, in Animal Nutrition, excluding pet, improvement continues. And based on a strong self-help plan, so it's pretty much under our control, so we feel good about that. Pet Solutions is finding mixed results around the globe. If, I would say, Brazil market conditions continue to be challenging, North America, specifically the US, is still having some demand fulfillment issues. But we are looking good in terms of the improvements we are making towards Q3. And Mexico, our B2C business continues to be very strong. So I would say, overall, with the exception of specialty ingredients, which is the weak part, the rest of the business is looking good. So we expect significant improvements sequentially. And I will start making them improvements year-over-year.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Heather. As you said, yes, Spiritwood is performing very well, so is coming up in volumes. Traditionally, I would say in North America, when we have our low part of the cycle in North America, where South America has all the capacity, we take shutdowns in anticipation of demand not being very strong and we want to have our plants ready for the harvest. So, I think that's a traditional seasonal slowdown that we do. So, nothing unusual in that regard.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Adam, for the question. Yes, we're very proud of how this initiative that we put together at the beginning of the year has continued to accelerate. So far, we are on track. If you think about $500 million in over two years. That's about %125 million per half. We delivered about $127 million in the first half. So we're pretty much on track there. But this group of activities and projects and ideas continue to accelerate. So that's not going to be linear. It's going to be an accelerated bringing up to the P&L and to the bottom line. So we feel very good about it. We are very confident that our forecast shows that we're going to deliver on the $500 million way before the two year mark. With regard to what's the distribution of that, of course, sometimes when you have more bigger manufacturing units or bigger energy consumption, like in Carb Solutions, you have more opportunities to bring that. So I would say, if I were to name a ranking today. Initially, out of the gate, we see more in Carb Solutions and Nutrition because of some of the improvements we needed to make in demand fulfillment, and maybe Ag Services & Oilseeds having to pick a momentum during the second half, so we will see that. So but overall, I think good distribution of projects around the four geographies and the three businesses, and again, catching momentum when you have a big organization that you need to promote all these activities, so not everybody starts at the same time, so we feel very good by being on track, and again, we think ahead of schedule for our $500 million over two years.
Juan Luciano: I would say that maybe complimenting Ismael, I think is a ’25 impact not very much ’24 impact given in the Q4 so.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Manav, for the question. We have been seeing for a while that exports have been increasing year-over-year, so ethanol continues to be one of the cheapest alkoxylates out there, and it's very competitive with gasoline in many parts of the world. So we have seen a strong domestic demand because of miles driven in the U.S., especially now with the summer. We have been seeing good blending in the U.S. I think the price of ethanol is very competitive to encourage blending. And we have seen exports at levels that we've never seen before, probably north of 1.7, maybe even 1.9 billion gallons per year. So I think that was a very logical kind of when you see that the strong demand was very logical, that prices will rebound. And, again, we don't see any change for now. It will depend on how much the U.S. produces, of course, of ethanol. But at this point in time, margins are holding, and we think that it bodes well for a strong Q3. In terms of Sweeteners and Starches, that business continues to have very robust volumes and very good margins. If anything, you can see a little bit of a pullback of the energy complex, if you will. That bodes well for manufacturing costs, because these are big facilities that consume a lot of energy. So natural gas prices being close to $2 is a little bit of a tailwind for us. So, Carb Solution is having a very good year so, and we expect that to continue.
Juan Luciano: Sure. Let me clarify for you. First of all, the $45 per ton is the $45 per ton we made this year. So we can work offline to walk you through the arithmetic, if you will, but there's nothing strange on that. If I go around the world, if you will, on crush margins, at this point between $60 to $70 in the US, that's where we are making businesses, about similar margins for soy in Europe, Brazil may be something between $10 and $50 depending on their domestic plants or export plants, China, $20 to $25, that kind of the margin environment. I would say when we started the quarter, we were doing margins in the low end of our range and as maybe Argentine farmers did not sell, as maybe the industry was expecting, we saw more demand for soybean milk coming into North America that make an improvement in our crush margins, so we finished the quarter a little bit better than maybe we thought, about the $45 per ton. We are selling, we said before that we were relatively open going out. We have some of the Q3 sold, what we don't have sold, we are selling at about $60 to $70 per ton. So that's the crush realities at this point in time. So I think that then we're going to leap into Q4 where we have hopefully a very large crop here in the US. Crops look terrific so far in the US, so we expect to have plenty of raw materials in that. And demand for soybean milk continues to be strong around the world and I think low prices have incentivated demand. Demand is driven a lot by poultry, as you know, and soybean milk has been increasing in the Russians. And then on the oil side, we continue to see a little bit more RGG plants coming on the stream on the second half, so that will bode well as well. So we are positive about crush margins for the rest of the year for North America.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So what happened in Argentina, there was a big expectation for the unification of the exchange rate. And of course that hasn't happened so far. On the contrary, the GAAP has increased to about 50% or 55%. So at this point in time, when you combine low commodity prices because of all the abundant production and then the exchange rate, it's not very favorable for the farmer to sell. So the farmer in Argentina is selling a little bit more corn but trying to hold the beans. Will the government, so the question is, will the government be able to unify the exchange rate? I think the government's priorities right now is to fight inflation. And that was the whole plan. So they don't have a lot of room to maneuver to change something because the moment you divide, you change the exchange rate, everything is translated into prices. And the priority right now is to control prices. So I think this is for the good of Argentina long-term as a country, but I think short term will present a problem for the farmer to sell. So I think the farmer will hold as much as possible unless there is a special program that the government rolls out that they don't seem to have a lot of latitude to do so at this point in time. So I think we need to be cautious about the thinking that a lot of the crop will come as a glut to Argentina. It hasn't happened so far.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Heather. So of course there was a lot of noise by the industry about the prospects of maybe some adulterated or not quite truly UCO coming into the U.S. and checking for that. So we have seen some significant moderation of that coming. I don't want to pinpoint a particular reason, but part of that what you mentioned maybe in Europe is true as well. Europe will not allow raw crops to be part of that. So as they start to build SIF, they will have to use more UCO. So it's naturally that some of those flows would move to Europe. The current North American feedstock market is better balanced after the situation we have in Q1. So I think also we saw palm oil going up in prices. So I think that it's bodes better for soybean oil going forward for the U.S.
Juan Luciano: Yes, there are several factors, Salvator, here in place. So first of all, the ethanol margins are the ethanol margins, and they are better right now. They are probably twice as big as they were at the beginning of the quarter. There are some particular export markets where we can export as a premium, and we're taking advantage on that. I don't have top of my head where we export those from in terms of plants. But at this point in time, I would say the challenge, not the challenge, but maybe the activity has been on the logistics side to make sure that we can fulfill all the exports and we can get the materials to the ports, because, as you said, and I said before, demand has been very strong, and margins are very good, so we need to take advantage on that. Plants are running well. As I said, costs are coming a little bit lower, so this all bodes well for the forecast. And there's no reason for demand to change significantly outside of the world. We have a basket of countries where we are exporting is very well balanced. So at this point in time, we're looking at Q3 with optimism.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think all these regulatory frameworks creates movements and uncertainty, the more clarity the industry can have of course the better. I think you have to think about the message around biodiesel blenders credit to a producer credit is, at the end of the day we still have a higher mandate for 2025 and a real deficit in 2024. So I think that you have to think that vegetables oil will be part of the solution to filling that mandate, ultimately the pie is getting bigger here and not the vegetable oil should be gaining on the low CI products especially now that California's CFS credits have come down a little bit. So I think that the problem with these are the short terms gyrations of that is very difficult to know what's going to happen Q4 so maybe we have accelerated buying in Q4 maybe we have a little bit of a slowdown in Q1. But I think overall as we look at that overall policy is constructive for all these and we see more demand and the pie getting bigger. So I think it's all positive for crush margins in the medium or long term calling it by quarter is more difficult.
Ismael Roig: Yes, thank you for the question. From the point of view of plant protein, we do expect the plants to come online again in Q4, so we will see some of that recovery coming in. I think as we look at the second half, we significantly pulled quite a bit of volume out in 2023 as a result, obviously, of the Decatur East facility, but also, we had in demand fulfillment. So I did report -- we did report a 3% revenue growth, as we look into the second half, we are seeing an acceleration of that, and we expect to grow, to be on track to deliver roughly in the mid-single digit growth when we bring back some of these facilities and demand fulfillment capabilities that we had lost in the second half of ‘23.
Ismael Roig: I'd like to compliment on the Sweeteners & Starches side, as you know, there's been a fairly low corn crop in Mexico, and that has certainly helped with exports of sweetener and starches products into Mexico. So it's created a demand pool into Mexico that has helped the overall market structure for our business in North America.
Ismael Roig: Yes. I think CapEx is always, the prioritization of CapEx is always NDE, so maintenance and safety and quality we do first. So whatever the plants need at any point in time. So that's a bottom up, roll up of their respective needs. Then we fill it up with cost projects, which the execution excellence challenge that we have to deliver $500 million and bring in more ideas, some of those ideas require CapEx. So you can see that growing and then there are growth projects around the world. So I would say nothing specifically is a little bit of everybody else executing on their plans. So I would say nothing. There is a little bit of CapEx inflation as well in our numbers because things are a little bit more expensive than maybe they were two years ago.
