Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and welcome, everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. This morning, we reported fourth quarter net earnings of $284 million or $0.43 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.38 per share. Our segment operating profit was $544 million. For the full fiscal year, net earnings were $1.2 billion or $1.84 per share, adjusted EPS was $2.25 per share and segment operating profit for the year was $2.5 billion. In a challenging fourth quarter, we saw solid results from our global oilseeds business, particularly in South America. They were more than offset by negative U.S. ethanol margins and weaker U.S. merchandising results. During the 2012 fiscal year, we have worked to optimize profits in this environment and we have also implemented actions that will improve ADM's earnings power and returns. We restructured our organization to improve productivity. Through that and other cost actions, we expect to reach more than $150 million in annual run rate savings by March of 2013. This year, we invested $1.5 billion in capital -- $1.5 billion in capital spending and $200 million in acquisitions with the focus on our growth CapEx on investments outside the U.S. For the second half of the calendar year 2012, July through December, we are planning about $500 million to $600 million of capital spending. Later this morning in his remarks, Juan will discuss our plans to buy a port and upgrade it in Northern Brazil. During the 2012 fiscal year, we managed our portfolio very carefully, shuttering operations in oilseeds, corn and milling that were not part of our objectives for profits or returns. And we returned nearly $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As we look ahead, while the drought in the U.S. has reduced the potential size of the U.S. corn crop, we are tracking the development of other crops in North America and in Europe. While U.S. crop carryouts are expected to be low, we have an exceptional and experienced business team to manage through this environment. Conditions like these demonstrate the vital role of our global agribusiness. As weather has regional effects on crops, we respond by working with our customers to provide the best alternatives to meet their needs from all growing regions of the world. Now I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Patricia A. Woertz: And I might just comment, as I said, on the Washington side, kind of 2 conversations are going on in Washington. One relates to ethanol continuing to be the lowest cost fuel in the world, strong job creation, strong important economics in the Midwest and yet, the drought discussions about who experiences the pain associated with higher prices and how that will continue to be rationed.
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, Vincent, your question has as its premise really, economics -- and blending economics are what's driving -- and more importantly, what's driving the ethanol business more so than the mandate or it's less dependent on the mandate. You're right that other alternative octane substitutes or blending components are more expensive today, whether it's alkylates or imported blending components are more expensive than ethanol. Ethanol is less than RBOB or a regular unleaded gasoline. And so the economics are there to blend. So hopefully, not only is it available because the industry can supply our customers as we're attempting to do, but it's the most economic for blenders and they look to it as the most important octane booster.
Patricia A. Woertz: A lot about the policy debate has different arms and legs to it depending on the constituencies who are presenting their point of view. So no, I don't think it's completely understood by everyone, but all aspects of this sometimes are interrelated. So we try to communicate the issues as factually and economically as we can with all the components considered. I think the EPA is very informed and smart about things. And I think they will duly consider anything in this regard. So I don't think they are uninformed.
Patricia A. Woertz: I'd say with the opportunities set may change going forward. Certainly, when you have distressed times or people are looking at such, there may be some opportunities going forward that currently are not in our queue, but we continue to look and have as we indicated even on our port this morning in Northern Brazil. We have our eye outside the U.S. and particularly in the growing regions and the areas that complement our system quite nicely.
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, there is certainly the RIN process in place. There is also the expectation that as E15 gets into the market, it absorbs some of the -- obviously, it doesn't take much to get back to more in line with gasoline demand being ethanol -- if ethanol blends greater in the gasoline pool, and then also with exports. So I think the natural economic factors that allow greater blending and E15 being part of that is what Washington expects even as gasoline -- total gasoline consumption is flat or slightly down.
Patricia A. Woertz: Yes. We're looking at a stub year or a 6-month cycle for our incentive plan sort of in a -- in fact, we're doing -- we'll address that this week at our board meeting and then we'll start new with the calendar year in 2013. And yes, returns are very much part of our incentive recommendations.
Patricia A. Woertz: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. And as always, feel free to follow up with Ruth Ann or Ray if you have any other questions, and have a good day. Thanks for your time and your interest. Bye now.
Juan R. Luciano: Okay. Yes, Ryan. Currently, the industry has been adjusting production. We are -- if you take the peak at 14.7 billion gallons, we are about 2.5 billion gallons lower than that. So we're running at around 12 billion something. So we can see that rationalization that, that has started to reduce inventories and that has started to turn margins, if you will. Margins continue to be extremely volatile because as the industry is trying to reduce inventories, corn is moving at the same time. So that produces a lag. So we've seen, overall, if you will, an improvement in margins. They are still -- replacement margins are still negative, if you think about that.
Juan R. Luciano: Last year, Ryan, margins turned about June 15. Candidly, we were expecting that to happen about the same time for this year. I think that probably the industry has more coal ownership and maybe they've been running a little bit on that. Now for the summer, we expect with the high corn prices and also some of the chilling units not running as hard. We expect margins to turn within this quarter.
Juan R. Luciano: Robert, this is Juan. I can answer the question for you. We certainly have been impacted this quarter with lower volume, so you can see the results. As we look at -- into the future, we certainly are facing this prospect of reduced crops. So we have -- we are developing contingency plans for our business to make sure that we adjust our cost position. Certainly, we have contingency plans in terms of quality. We think that there is going to be big variances in quality that will present opportunities for us although the crops will be reduced by an X factor. That X factor is not evenly distributed around the country. And as we look at our -- the position of our assets and our transportation network, we think that, that will provide opportunity also to serve these locations. We do believe that our global footprint, especially in South America, has performed this quarter very, very well. We think that it will provide advantages going forward. You know Brazil has a spectacular safrinha of corn, and we're moving that. And I think that our international merchandising group has been improving the origination around the world and that will serve good for them, too. Also, as we come into this next quarter, we have -- in Q4, we suffered a little bit. Our export program in Argentina suffered from some logistic strikes, and that is being corrected. And we think that we're going to have a better execution in Q1.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, Robert. We are -- I think we said it before. We are mostly hedged in those contracts. So yes, as you see, we have a solid volume and we implemented the new price increases. And we expect that solid performance to continue throughout the year.
Juan R. Luciano: I will say, Ken, that our commercial team is getting very close to our customers these days, and I would say that conversations have started. Obviously, customers are worried about that. So we started discussions but not contract negotiations yet.
Juan R. Luciano: In terms of the allocation of capital, Ken, you saw in my prepared remarks that we have reduced the capital just to be prudent going forward given the maybe elevated working capital demands that these new prices will post on us. But second, we are -- we continue to increase our investment outside the U.S. to balance our global footprint. In terms of ag services per se, we are implementing a set of contingency plans just to make sure we match our cost position with maybe a reduced volume for the year. So several things are being put in place right now.
Juan R. Luciano: I think at least I would like to know what kind of crop are we having in front of us. So I think it's a little bit too premature. It's a volume business as you know and we are still watching the weather. So I will probably -- I will wait until the final USDA report on crops.
Juan R. Luciano: Sure. David, this is Juan. We've seen, as I mentioned before, very good results in South America. Demand for high pro has been very good. And also, Brazil has been able to cover for some of the shortages for all of Argentinian oil and also some needs in China. So business was very good over there. I would say the soybean crushing in the U.S. continues to be very strong this quarter. Actually, this past quarter was a little bit softer in softseeds but in soybeans has been very strong. Again, South America doesn't have a lot of meal to compete with. The same impact we have seen in Europe in which our soybean crushing in Europe, the margins there have improved significantly, too. But still, Europe continues to be a little bit soft in the oil side, but I think that even canola is getting a little bit of a boost from the meal demand. So I will -- we will say, all in all, our assets are faring very well into that. Maybe I'll pass it a little bit to Craig to comment also in some of the soybean conditions, too.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We are optimistic about our businesses being solid performer and we expect it to continue in that way.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. I said that we were expecting -- as of last year, we saw margins turn in June 15. We were expecting this time to take a little bit longer. We said that maybe we expected it to have happened and it hasn't today. So we continue to look with hope for that to happen in the future. We think that with more corn availability, with more heat making this plant produce a little bit less that maybe there is an opportunity there to supply it in line with demand and maybe we see improvement in margins.
Juan R. Luciano: I think yes and no. The way I tend to think about it, David, is more of a supply and demand issue. And it's an issue of how many people can produce versus how many people can stay in the game for a relatively -- relatively maybe inelastic demand. So as I've said, we are 2 billion gallons per year down from the peak. And corrected for gasoline consumption, demand is pretty much flat, if you will, flattish or slightly down. So that is our hope or our view that if production continues to be lower because more people are having difficulty financing their working capital or running their plants, we expect those margins to tighten a bit.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. Vincent, this is Juan. I would say we will consider that if we believe that we could make that impact. At this point in time, there are probably 28 plants down of a total of maybe 204 plants down. So it's still a very fragmented market. I think the market will evolve into a more consolidated market one day, where maybe we can have that kind of impact, like maybe these days in the soybean margin -- markets where, sometimes, we adjust capacity utilization and we see a result. I don't think the market is mature to -- for us to accomplish that goal by reducing our capacity. So at this point, we put all our efforts and continue to drive our cost position down and over through our whole value chain all the way from origination to transportation, and that's what our focus is.
Juan R. Luciano: Tim, we're always looking. When it makes sense and it's a plan that actually we can plug into our system and doesn't detract our future position, I think we will consider.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We have a lot of -- sometimes we hire temporary workers for the harvest season and we can adjust that. We can adjust time in which some of our elevators will be receiving or be open. So we adjust our transportation thing. So we -- there is a battery of things. We have many, many assets and there are many levers that we can pull.
Juan R. Luciano: Ian, I think I tend to agree with you. When I said before this is a relatively new industry that needs to mature and consolidate, I think that we're still going to have some periods in which -- when market -- when margins improve, some of that capacity will come back up. So I think that's where we need to get to things like maybe E15 or other measures or exports to actually tighten that up with the full capacity. I was describing about reproducing the cycle maybe we had last year that maybe we had half of the year unprofitable and half of the year with good margins. So -- but I agree with you. Until there is more consolidation, you're always going to have some shutdowns and then when the margins come back, some of that capacity will come back up.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. Robert, our exports to Mexico continue growing. I think they're growing less rapidly than before but continues on a solid base. Certainly, with these high corn prices we get in -- the gap has narrowed. But at this point in time, there's still an advantage and we don't see a shift. And that's not only an economic shift just of fructose versus corn syrup, but also the handling of it. You need to handle it solid, and you need to melt it. So there are many other costs just versus -- just besides the pound per pound basis. So I think at this point, we don't see any potential for change in the short term.
Ray G. Young: We've -- Ryan, it's Ray Young here. We're still relatively small from a market share perspective in the United States in terms of crop insurance although we're growing. We have taken some provisions already in the fourth quarter related to this business -- related to the crop, but we're monitoring the situation here. So it's not going to be material for our business here.
Ray G. Young: Well, Ken, I mean, a couple of things. First of all, in terms of the sweeteners, I mean, for the fixed-price contracts, those are locked in. And as we indicated, we generally hedge those contracts. So that's why Juan made the comment that we feel pretty comfortable on that. I mean, there is always going to be some level of spot business available. And given the tightness that we have in terms of sweetener capacity in the United States, we generally feel that we'll be able to pass on price increases on spot businesses. Now looking at calendar year next year...
Ray G. Young: Yes. So for calendar year '13, as you know, we generally have contracts on a calendar year basis. We haven't started negotiating that yet. We'll get into the negotiation towards the end of the calendar year. And we'll look at the market at that point in time, and we'll negotiate with customers in terms of arriving at contract prices reflective of market conditions.
Ray G. Young: Yes. This is Ray here. Yes, let me -- as you appreciate, we do analysis of impairments every quarter and we take a hard look at the end of fiscal year. But based upon our outlook, our long-term outlook in terms of where we think margins are and [indiscernible] impairment analysis based on cash flow, not earnings here, we feel comfortable where we are right now.
Ray G. Young: Yes, a couple of comments on working capital. I mentioned that we did sell about $1 billion of receivables so that helps your working capital. When you look at the price volume variance on inventory, we're actually -- price had an impact of taking up inventory about $1 billion. And so the offset would be volume. So our absolute level of inventory in terms of volume is down but the price is up by approximately $1 billion year-over-year.
Ray G. Young: No. I mean, a couple of things. I mean, we consciously try to manage working capital and manage inventory. Plus also, it's just the -- we just time the year, the seasonal rental of inventory.
Ray G. Young: Yes. And our inventory levels are generally down. As you saw in the ag services results, we just had fewer inventory in order to sell.
Ray G. Young: I think we have a lot of flexibility. I mean, like I say, even with the runup in commodity prices, we still have $3 billion available right now. And then we do have test capacity. I mean, we could go out right now and raise debt, both short term and long term, if we wanted to as well. So I feel pretty comfortable that -- and we've done some stress testing too, by the way, in terms of sensitivities under different price, volumes scenarios. So I think we can handle any additional runup that may occur.
Craig E. Huss: I think the very positive thing about soybeans is that you replenish the supply twice a year when you -- so we have very tight demand now. That should be very good for our crop. We'll ration that through, but we know that in Feb, March, we'll have South America to come on. So it's a margin basis and it's a crushed volume basis. So soy is not nearly the concern, although we do have concerns about the crop. We need rain across the country, obviously, to finish this crop off.
Craig E. Huss: This is Craig. Yes, we're certainly concerned. You are always concerned when there is heat on a crop like this. We are making all kinds of plans, of alternatives that we can do all the way for back in 1988, the government allowed blending of aflatoxin. We'll have to wait to see where they go. And if there's aflatoxin, we'll direct that. And there are legal specifications of which animals can handle which degrees. And our transportation network, we're prepared, for example, to go to Texas with aflatoxin that -- with higher degrees and we'll certainly protect our plants on the front end. But it's all part of the planning process.
Craig E. Huss: I think that's always the case when prices run up. I think as an industry, we have less ownership this year than we have in the past, which helps that risk, but also 80-something-percent of the farmers are insured with the program. So I -- we see less of that in the past, but it won't be a concern. And we're checking contracts on a regular basis as you do any time a crop runs up like that. But this location -- yes, if there aren't, we'll manage the margin process in ethanol just like we do in any part of our business.
Craig E. Huss: Well, substitution will be a major concern for -- these are our customers. We live with these guys and we are working with everyone to provide the full stratus of all of our different divisions, whether it be the cotton group can pick it up or be the softseeds group. For example, we will see -- I think, we'll see canola meal move into soya rations, and it should help the bio group with the lysine, et cetera. But it's -- we have -- we all talk to these livestock people. And our concern, more than anything, is that we help these people preserve the herds and help this thing go forward.
Craig E. Huss: We would. We have not at this point, but we certainly would. We are marketing corn out of Brazil and we just -- we have discussed that, in this case the market is the market. And if we can help the livestock producers with their margin structure, we'll help to do that. This is a rationing process and that's part of that rationing.
Craig E. Huss: Well, obviously, there was rationing going on in corn. And as crushed margins got better, we ran our plants harder and a lot of -- a big part of that would export, so not surprising at all, I don't think. Looking at last year's crop that there was rationing at the tail end of the crop, and it was little bit of a surprise. And I'd say the smaller South American crop gave us a nice run on the soy and on the meal exports.
Craig E. Huss: Yes. And that's going to be rationed. As prices had to go higher, they are higher, and that creates front-end rationing, and that's what we've seen.
Craig E. Huss: Obviously, there has been -- with no rain, you get lower water levels. And we actually have seen a slight rise Memphis and south this week, but overall, we're still loading our barges to a 9-foot draft. We've seen several restrictions as we had to use narrower tows, smaller tows. It's a supply and demand deal, but right now, our costs are going up. I think the key for us is, can we get prices up to maintain operation? But I don't see us -- I don't see the river shutting down at this point. I think it's going to be a matter of competing with rail to be competitive. So at this point, we had some facilities that might be out due to low water and you'll see -- you'll continue to hear that a river section may be down for a day or so but they bring the dredges in, fix the channel and we go forward. We've had these -- we've had droughts many times.
