Juan Luciano: Thank you Ray. Slide 10 please.  I hope most of you were able to join us on our global investor day last month. There, we showed that we have consistently advanced our strategy, from our work to improve ROIC through capital cost and cash to our strategic growth and margin enhancement accomplishments, including the creation of a global nutrition business, to today’s focus on productivity and innovation. Thanks to this work, we are moving into 2022 with a better ADM, a more returns-focused organization with higher margins and less volatile earnings, and a portfolio that is well positioned to capitalize on the positive structural changes being driven by the enduring global trends of food security, health and wellbeing, and sustainability. Slide 11 please. Let me take a few moments to talk about how we see the 2022 environment. In ag services and oilseeds, we see a continued favorable global demand environment. Due to a short drought in South America with the magnitude of the shortfall still to be determined, we expect global ag commodity buyers will rely relatively more on the U.S. market for their needs, assuming we have a normal U.S. crop later this year.  On the oilseeds side, we are starting 2022 with strong soy crush margins, and as we discussed at global investor day, we believe that increasing demand for meal as well as vegetable oil as a feedstock for renewable green diesel should continue to support the positive environment this year with our soy crush margins in the range of $45 to $55 per metric ton. Assuming these dynamics play out, we believe that ag services and oilseeds in 2022 has the potential to deliver an operating profit similar to or better than 2021. For carbohydrate solutions, we are assuming the demand and margin environment for our starch and sweetener products will be steady versus 2021. We expect the industry ethanol environment to continue to be constructive, supported by the recovery of domestic demand to pre-COVID levels, energy costs driving higher exports, and better clarity on the regulatory landscape. With this in mind, we are assuming higher ADM ethanol volumes and EBITDA margins to average $0.15 to $0.25 for the calendar year. In addition, we are expecting our value solutions platform to deliver another year of solid growth as we continue to evolve the carbohydrate solutions business. Putting it all together, we expect carbohydrate solutions to deliver full year operating profits slightly lower than the outstanding 2021.  In nutrition, we are expecting continued growth in demand for our unparalleled portfolio of nutrition ingredients and systems, along with the benefits of accretion from our recent acquisitions. With these dynamics, we expect 15%-plus OP growth in 2022, revenue growth above 10%, and EBITDA margins above 20% in human nutrition and high single digits in animal nutrition, consistent with targets we set out at our global investor day. Slide 12 please. As we look forward in 2022, we see a positive demand environment across our portfolio, and then we add to that things we can do better. Our execution was great in 2021, but we’re always identifying opportunities for improvement and we intend to do even more to meet this growing demand in 2022. Put it all together and we’re optimistic for another very strong performance in 2022 as we progress towards our strategic plan next earnings milestones of $6 to $7 per share.  With that, Operator, please open the line for questions.
Juan Luciano: Yes, so many questions wrapped in one, Ben - good job. On the CapEx perspective, as you look at our strategic plan, most of our strategic plan is coming from organic growth and productivity, so in order to fund that, we’re going to have a little bit higher CapEx this year of about $1.3 billion. That will be of course in some of the projects we need to do to expand, like Spiritwood that we announced our JV with Marathon, but also again some productivity enhancements to make sure we deliver bigger volumes as we supply that demand. As you know, we are facing 2022 with a very strong perspective for the first quarter. We are entering the year with great momentum as we left 2021 also in a big high, so at this point in time, we continue to see a very strong 2022, and I think I described it in all of my commentary, ag services and oilseeds continue to firing on all cylinders and we expect a year as good as last year, or maybe even better. Carb solutions also going very strong with many--with very stable start and sweeteners, and you know, with always some uncertainty on ethanol but with a favorable environment, and [indiscernible] solutions continued to grow as we grew last year, and again nutrition going up about 15% per year operating profit growth on double-digit revenue growth.  All in all, we feel very good about all the things that we can control.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think the priority for capital allocation is to de-leverage after we had maybe a couple of billion dollars invested in acquisitions, certainly fund the projects that we have in higher CapEx, as I described, and then the dividend, to support the dividend. Of course, cash flow generation is strong in ADM, you know we focus a lot on that, so as cash flow becomes available, we’re going to think again in the five-year plan to have more buybacks in the later period, but if cash flow continues to be as strong, we may anticipate that a little bit. At this point in time, we don’t expect significant M&A as part of our plans, so that would be the capital allocation decision.
Juan Luciano: Yes Ben, of course you realize the supply of many commodities remains at their tightest levels in years, so I think any news around the world of disruption, whether it’s weather or geopolitics is going to prolong the high prices well into, probably, 2023. As you described, at this point in time there are three things. We are all looking at the development of the crops in South America as they need to go through February rains, especially in Argentina and the harvest in Brazil. We are looking of course at geopolitical conflicts like the one you described, and also the expectations of the crop in the U.S., all this in the middle of a very strong demand.  As you said, Ukraine is a big exporter, especially if you think about corn and the ability to supply China’s needs. You have the three main suppliers, whether it’s the U.S. and you have Ukraine and you have Brazil, so hopefully Brazil with these rains will have a safrinha crop that is maybe a little bit better than what we expect, but among these three countries need to cover the supply of corn, and corn today is one of the best sources of energy and fat out there, one of the cheapest ones, so it’s a very demanded product, so we’re all paying attention to what happens [indiscernible].
Juan Luciano: Yes, so I think most of 2022 will be on an organic growth basis, if you will. The contribution still of the acquisitions is going to happen a little bit later. These acquisitions are not made, to be honest, for the accretion of 2022. As you recall, we are just building the nutrition business, so this is the strategic importance of positioning ourselves in the areas where we’ve been informing you. I think that we always like to have the policy of no surprises, and I think you heard me saying health and wellness is an area where we were going to invest, and that’s why we did Deerland pet food, and that’s why we did PetDine. We continue to think about the incredible potential of plant-based proteins, and that’s why we did soy protein which is making us more international. I talked about how powerful we are in flavors, but we were under-represented, if you will, in the emerging markets, and that’s why we invested in capacity in Pinghu for flavors in China, and we also acquired Fisa that gives us a beachhead into Central America, Caribbean, and maybe the northern part of Latin America.  When we look at the business, our confidence in the 15%-plus organic operating profit growth is given by our pipeline and our win rates, to be honest, that’s why we look. Our pipeline continues to increase, our product launches continue to increase and actually accelerate, and our win rates have almost doubled from one year to the other, so the business is operating very well. We guided flat for Q1 just because of the way some of the costs fall, and they are more front-loaded into next year, but this is a business again that’s been growing 34%, 20%, I think we’re going to stabilize in the long term at this rate of 15%, 15%-plus with double digit organic growth, basically, without even touching the M&A for that growth.
Juan Luciano: Yes, of course we keep a close eye into that. You have to understand that at this point in time, demand continues to outpace even the announced capacity expansions, but there is a reality also in this world of supply shortages and labor issues, that projects are not that easy to execute. I think that when you look at a battery of announcements like the way we’ve seen, I think it’s reasonable to put a percentage that that is going to happen, either the reality or that they’re all going to happen but in a little bit longer timeline. We tend to look at that from a long term basis of maybe something like two-thirds or 75% will happen. At this point in time, we see the volume coming our way, and you have to remember that the original oil story, Rob, it was due to high palm oil around the world, and that drove soybean and other oils up, and now on top of that, now we have the demand for RGD, so that--now, there is a full confluence of raw materials to be able to supply that oil. So yes, we are looking at this very closely, and at this point in time, everything is evolving as planned.
Juan Luciano: Yes Tom, listen - we continue to believe we will add around a billion gallons per year of incremental RGD capacity and approach that 5 billion gallons total capacity by 2025. As I was telling Rob, we continually reframe the announced capacity and analyze the market conditions, so we have several scenarios in this. We do believe these announced capacities are important to and necessary to keep up with the expected demand growth for both vegetable oil, as I explained before, but also global meal demand needs. At this point, vegetable oil consumption is still growing faster than supply. We’ve gotten a little bit of good news from Sanoil availability from black seed that maybe will help bean oil tightness, and--. So regarding the pre-treat comments, in the end the vegetable oil will be required as a feedstock and pricing will reflect the value of this feedstock, likely based on carbon intensity, so we could see some shift in value between the crude oil and the refining. I think what we need to realize is we are at the early stages of this industry formation, so we’re going to see some of that movement and sometimes we’re going to capture the value in one place, sometimes we’re going to capture the value in another one. But we are well positioned, our biodiesel plants are all integrated in refineries and all that, so we are watching it very closely and we feel good about how it’s developing so far.
Juan Luciano: Yes, there are many--of course, this is a large industry, so many puts and takes. When we look at the demand side, the forecasted 2022 poultry production is going to be a record and near record for beef and hog, so protein demand continues to grow around the world, and that’s sustaining a lot. There is a tight meat proteins and synthetic amino acids, and that’s supporting soybean meal. Remember, I mentioned fat is very expensive today and energy as well, so corn at this point in time is the cheapest carbohydrate, that’s pulling soybean meal into the Russian, and we expect that one point in time, the lysine market may be back into balance later in 2022. But still, the SMDs are very, very beneficial to soybean meal and to crush, so. I think also, don’t forget RGD is also changing the dynamics for soybean meal, making soybean meal from the U.S. much more competitive and able to gain some export markets, and when you have maybe a less than stellar soybean crop in Argentina, Argentina being such a strong exporter of meal, I think that bodes well for crush margins in North America and also in Europe.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you for the question, Steve. Listen, we are very excited about how that business is developing. I think we recognized in the past that that business happened almost while we were not watching and it was a customer pull more than our push. Now, we have a segment approach to that. We have intentionality in developing that market and as such, the opportunities have flourished. I would say a strong contribution from packaging, a strong contribution from fermentation - you know, we’re helping other people that are creating some of these materials out of a plant base, personal and homecare, a very important segment that is growing, and a growing contribution from pharma, construction and plant treatment. So as you can tell, as we continue to deploy marketing resources into some of these segments, we continue to have success. There are some segments that are more developed and larger for us and some segments that are more incipient, but I think it’s going very well. We are working on the product mix as sometimes the growth is faster than our capacity, so we’re trying to accommodate that and we’re going to be having more capacity coming up soon to be able to sustain this 10% growth rate [indiscernible] that we have.
Juan Luciano: Yes, the dynamics here, Ken, of course is we have forecasted or accounted for some--the potential reversion of margins and some inflation of course that we were going to have, and that is difficult to estimate the timing, and then we have productivity and innovation that is going to be growing in their impact as some of these projects develop. When we look at, if you will, at the negative side of the equation, as the positive side we can control, on the negative side we’ve put together several scenarios, and I would say the biggest manifestation of that at this point in time has been energy inflation, and inflation from some smaller products. We suffer probably more of this, some supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, that you probably hear every company talking about.  I would say from an energy perspective, the impact is probably more on Europe, whether it’s on crush or carb solutions, that’s where we see the impact, and we have our team basically working on energy efficiency and shaving some percentages of that increase, and also our hedging mechanisms and all that. On the raw material side and the supply chain disruptions, that’s probably more the territory of nutrition. Nutrition, as you can imagine, has more variety of raw materials and more SKUs, so the complexity of that business makes it more exposed to some of these winds. That’s the way we’re looking at that - it’s more the European energy increase and some of the nutrition one-offs here and there on supply chain.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you Ken. Listen, we think that China has recovered from the ASF, they recovered their herd. You saw the dynamics in terms of pork prices coming up and down. We still believe that they will import soybeans in the high 90s - you know, 96, 97 million give or take, and around probably 25 million tons of corn.  Again, when we are working the way they are managing through COVID challenges, but we expect demand will continue to grow, it continues to be supported by improved diets and professional feeding practices. Even if we see some moderation of GDP, we think that we’ve seen per capita consumption of the top four meats basically increases, and even if they correct it a little bit, they correct versus 2021, they are still much bigger than pre-ASF and pre-pandemic.  We [indiscernible] with a number here or there, but still it’s going to be very strong, and as I said, probably 96, 97 million of soybeans, 25 million of corn, that will provide a good base for the grain industry and the crushing industry.
Juan Luciano: Steve, this is Juan. What you’re seeing from the farmer in South America is reflective of both things. One is the current impact in South America, and the second is, as you see, they are looking at what happened with the size of the crop. In terms of whether it’s beneficial for ADM or not, our role is to try to fulfill our mission of providing nutrition around the world, and that’s where we use our supply chain to make sure that we deliver to our customers and we deliver to the populations around the world. Sometimes it coincides with margin expansion in some parts of the business, sometimes it may not. We like the fact that there is strong demand around the world, and that tends to be good for ADM, yes.
Juan Luciano: Yes Michael, good question. Let’s talk about China. Some slight COVID-related challenges in China are impacting ports, but to be honest, the situation has improved. Initially we got the highlights, but in general the port situation continues to improve, and maybe we have average waiting about two, three days for bulk cargo in agriculture in most main ports, so I would say China is kind of okay. We’ve seen line-ups or demurrage time increasing in Brazil. There are still boats exporting corn and importing fertilizers since the soybean crop is a little bit delayed. We are seeing more--we are seeing waiting times kind of double from maybe 15 days to 30 days in Brazil, and that’s pushing some volume into North America for maybe March-April deliveries. North America export capacity has recovered for the most part. I think there is one plant that was going to have some long term or medium term, if you will, repairments, but for the most part, the export capacity has been recovered to pre-idle levels, at least for us. I would say in terms of the river, the Illinois River, there is a lot of freezing and there is a lot of icy conditions that have slowed down the river movement, and we see that, and that probably will continue.
Juan Luciano: We’re seeing--as you know, we have the impact of Ida in Q4, we had the demand but we didn’t have the ability to support to supply, so a lot of that volume was moved into Q1. We have seen the elevation margins increasing in Q1, so a little bit as expected, so we feel good about how to satisfy that demand.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think Eric, when you have one explosion in demand in one place of the world, resources from around the world will come, and as Ray was saying, maybe we’re going to export less, certainly we may import more, and there are going to be shifts between the different products. I would say we continue to be in a world that requires more food and also that requires to help the environment. It has been a structural change in demand for us, and for a company that has assets around the world, that probably means better utilization of those assets and better value of those assets as we try to solve these issues.
Juan Luciano: We expect a strong U.S. planting. Of course, some of those decisions, as you said, it’s getting the time to make those decisions, and a lot of people are looking at the South American weather. South American weather is very strange at the moment - there is very dry conditions in Parana or the south of Brazil, and maybe Argentina, and it was a little bit too wet in the north. Numbers in the north are coming strong in terms of yield for Brazil. I think that the recent rains have stopped the deterioration of the crop in Argentina and the south of Brazil, and probably with Paraguay having already felt the damage. We believe in the U.S. We still believe that probably corn will outpace soybeans in terms of acres, so we’d probably think about, I don’t know, something like 93 million acres of corn, 87 million acres of soybeans give or take. I understand the dynamics about fertilizers and all that, but I think even the prices of last year, I think that the prime land will probably maintain the same mix.
Ray Young: Hey Ben, good morning. It’s Ray here.  Yes, we finished up very strong in the bio products business, ethanol specifically. The fourth quarter demand environment was very, very constructive, and I think that’s just reflective of what was happening in terms of the recovery in driving miles in United States, the holiday season. Gasoline demand was strong, that translates to strong demand for ethanol. On the supply side, actually the industry had some supply challenges, and so that translated to a very robust environment; in fact, our EBITDA margins in the fourth quarter for our ethanol business were above a dollar a gallon, which is very, very--you know, on a historical basis is very, very strong.  We indicated that as we go into 2022, we feel optimistic about ethanol as well. While inventories have built up a little bit in January, and that’s just the seasonal nature of ethanol--of inventory builds, a couple things give us optimism for 2022. Number one, we do expect domestic demand for ethanol to be strong; in fact, it will be a growth year-over-year from ’21 to ’22, and frankly we’re seeing ethanol demand probably returning back to pre-pandemic levels of demand here in the United States, so we’re talking about domestic demand probably in the 14 billion gallon level.  Secondly, I think you’re going to see a recovery around the world on gasoline demand and hence ethanol demand as well, and as you know, with the movement in crude oil prices in general, ethanol is becoming one of the most attractive oxygenates in the world, so we do see the export demand side of the equation in 2022 being also very constructive for ethanol, with ethanol probably recovering to 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion gallons in terms of export demand, so that’s very, very constructive. Thirdly, we do believe that the regulatory landscape has clarified itself in the context of small refinery exemptions. I know there’s some challenges going on here, but what we see right now is going forward, smaller SREs, as they call it, small refinery exemptions will not have an impact in terms of the supply-demand balances, and we talk internally that when they say 15 billion gallons, it means 15 billion gallons in terms of what we need to deliver to the marketplace, so that’s actually a positive also for our industry, and then they’ve also remanded about 250 million gallons in terms of requirements as well going forward. When you add it all together, the fact that we’re starting off the year with a fairly balanced supply-demand perspective in terms of U.S. ethanol inventories; two, a demand environment that’s going to be even more constructive versus 2021; and three, a regulatory environment that seems to be supportive of where we want to go, we actually have a constructive viewpoint. As Juan indicated, directionally we’re assuming $0.15 to $0.25 per gallon as EBITDA margins for 2022 - that’s lower than the ’21 assumption, and maybe we’re just being a little bit conservative at this juncture as we start off the year, but nevertheless we do believe it should be a favorable environment for us as we move forward into 2022.
Ray Young: Yes Adam, it’s Ray here, so $0.15 to $0.25 EBITDA margin represents total ethanol, wet mill and dry mill, so that’s a combined basis on that assumption. In the fourth quarter, we had, as you saw, an outstanding quarter. VCP really benefited from the ethanol margins, and clearly starches and sweeteners also benefited as well on the ethanol side of the business. Our net corn cost was a little bit higher in the fourth quarter for starches and sweeteners, and recall when we hedged 2021 for corn, we put on a very attractive hedge position in 2020 for a lot of our 2021 requirements, but not all the requirements, so when we got to the fourth quarter, I think we were a little bit more exposed on net corn, so therefore the higher net corn cost translates to maybe a little bit lower margin on the sweetener side of the business there. We also had some operating challenges with the start-up of Bulgaria in Europe, which again is an opportunity, frankly speaking, for us in 2022, right, and we also had some higher energy costs over in Europe as well. As you know, natural gas prices ran up significantly in the back part of the year, so that impacted our energy costs over in Europe and that flowed through in terms of our starches and sweeteners segment.  There were a bunch of puts and takes that moved through the fourth quarter. Again, we think a lot of that will be behind us because I think we’ve put ourselves--you know, put in a good hedge position for 2022, and then also we believe that we’ve got the Bulgarian project, we’ve addressed a lot of those issues, and that should be a plus delta for us in 2022 as well.
Ray Young: Yes Rob, our objective is really to maintain margins, and so through the course of the negotiations, I think it’s fair to make an assumption that we’ve been able to maintain margins and offset the higher corn costs that has occurred recently. I think we’ve achieved that objective, and that’s a fair assumption to assume as we go into 2022.
Ray Young: Yes, on the biodiesel, as you know, the current blender’s credit continues until the end of 2022 - December 31, 2022, so naturally we’re looking at what’s happening on the legislative agenda in Washington on the BBB program to see whether it gets renewed. But historically what you’ve seen is, frankly, both parties are supportive of the biodiesel industry - it’s important for the United States, and so even if something doesn’t occur on BBB, we’re optimistic that the blender’s credit will get extended in one way or another through some form of legislation as we move through the year. If you recall, sometimes it happens after you get through the end of the year and then you have a retroactive biodiesel tax credit, which we’ve seen in the past, so we actually feel confident that something will occur there in order to kind of continue with the blender’s credit on the biodiesel tax credit. On the SAF front, as you know, this is something that we’re working on right now with different partners. It is going to be an important part of the fuel industry in the future as we go green in terms of aviation fuel, so [indiscernible] frankly, again, the support we see in terms of the direction of SAF, we’re optimistic that some form of legislative--yes, some form of legislative actions will be taken to support the sustainable aviation fuel, the SAF industry. Again, it’s a nascent industry right now, right - very few gallons are being produced, but projections show that by 2030, there’s going to be a need for about 4 billion gallons of sustainable aviation fuel in combination of United States and Europe, so it’s a significant growth industry and probably there’s going to be some level of support required in order to start up this industry here.
Ray Young: The demand side is really driven by the different states implementing low carbon fuel standards, LCFS standards, particularly starting out in the west, but frankly it gets extended across all of the United States and Canada. The demand side is there as all the states move towards LCFS standards, and frankly the industry is just simply trying to respond to that demand by building the supply to meet that particular requirement there.
Ray Young: It’s going to represent an important part of it. As demand grows for renewable green diesel, it’s going to require the pull from many sorts of feedstocks, and in fact it’s very likely that even canola oil will find a pathway eventually to become part of a feedstock for renewable green diesel. But we still believe that maybe about 45% of the production will come from soybean oil, eventually small production out of the canola oil that I referenced there, so it is going to be an important component because there’s just insufficient amount of, let’s say, used cooking oil and other types of feedstocks, fat and rendering. There’s just not enough supply in order to meet this growing demand.
Ray Young: We’ve indicated we believe that a lot of the U.S. soybean oil exports will actually come down, you’re correct. I think there is going to be a diversion away from exports of soybean oil. There will also be some diversion away from even food applications. There’s going to be a daisy chain effect that goes on which, frankly, is actually supportive for the entire vegetable oil complex around the world. I think there is going to be some daisy chain effects that are going on in order to meet this type of demand.
