Juan Luciano: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.77. That's 40% higher than the year ago period. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $883 million. Adjusted ROIC of 9.5% was 290 basis points above our cost of capital. In the first quarter, the ADM team demonstrated their ability to leverage the strength of our diversified business model. The Oilseeds team capitalized on favorable market conditions and delivered outstanding results with strong performances in each region. In Ag Services, our recently created global trade desk or GTD platform, drove higher merchandise volumes. Our new WILD flavors and Specialty Ingredients business was off to a great start toward achieving the cost in revenue synergies we identified last year. Together, this performance has helped deliver a good quarter overall, even as slower industry ethanol margins limited earnings in corn and the strong dollar limited U.S. grain exports. We have continued to advance the strategic plan we shared at our December Investor Day. In the area of optimizing the core, we announced the acquisition of a Belgian oil bottling business, helping us reach a wider customer base and creating a new output for our European crushing assets. And the WFSI team has been working with customers as they developed and launched new products using SCI, WILD and ADM ingredients. We have more than 200 joint customer engagements building a pipeline of more than 400 projects, resulting already in more than 30 revenue synergy wins across a number of regions and businesses unit in Q1 alone. In the area of driving operational efficiencies, we have already identified more than $200 million in run rate savings opportunities toward our goal of $550 million in five years. And in the area of strategic expansion, the Corn Processing business expanded in high-growth geographies with the acquisition of the remaining stake of corn wet mills in Bulgaria and Turkey and an increased stake in a facility in Hungary. I will provide more detail on our scorecard progress later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Luciano: We're constructive on ethanol margins. You think about it, April has been a relatively big month for shutdowns as people saw some of the margins were relatively low in March. Some people anticipated some of the seasonal shutdowns. So we see margins improving since the late part of March. We see this with optimism; we see a demand in the U.S. growing, due to lower gasoline prices about 2% to 3% per year. That would put the industry around 138 billion, 140 billion gallons of gasoline, that and the increased exports. We exported very well in Q1. If you look at the January and February export estimate, they are annualized around 1 billion gallons because we exported in those two months, 152 million gallons. If you take the last week of April, that export annualized was around also in the billion range. So we see exports for the year between 800 million and maybe a little bit north of that for the year. Plus maybe 13.8 billion to 14 billion gallons of domestic gasoline demand. We see very high-capacity utilization so we face this season with a lot of optimism in regards to ethanol.
Juan Luciano: Yes, obviously we started the year strong with Ag Services delivering 37% more profit than the same quarter last year. And as we see the good planting as you describe and plentiful of crops and the stocks around the world, we see a good transition to the next crop with plentiful of inventories that will provide carriers opportunity and there is a lot of business to do ahead of us, so the Oilseed -- the Ag Services team, the Grain team is preparing for all that. It's preparing our assets, it's preparing commercially to do this. And we expect the second half to be very strong for them.
Juan Luciano: I would say, Adam, the Oilseed teams that you described have an outstanding performance but not everything was hitting on eight cylinders. As you described, oilseed was kind of not very profitable and biodiesel has some headwinds as well. So, most of the profits were concentrated in soybean that has very high-capacity utilization around the world. As you describe the shift starts from North America to South America, so South American crushing margins still are good and we crush a lot of soybeans in Europe, taking advantage of our swing capacity and we're going to see a little bit of softening of that as we see every year with the enormous seasonality of that. But the business is running very, very well, it implemented a lot of improvements and we're seeing those improvements coming through in the P&L. So overall in the year, we continue to feel very strongly about the year that Oilseeds is going to have.
Juan Luciano: Yes, so slightly different situations. In the U.S., the farmer is concentrating in planting right now and rightfully so, so it has been little commercialization. In South America is the dynamic you describe and I think Ray explained in his commentary which is very much dependent on the real-dollar relationship and it's been very volatile this last couple of weeks, so it just changes us -- the farmers see an opportunity to sell, given the real. So I will say we will continue to be volatile at this point.
Juan Luciano: Normally, as we get into the summer weather, we see a little bit more activity, obviously. Brazil was good with the D7 that helped our profitability a little bit there and in the U.S., a lot will depend on the expectations of June 1 and RVOs and all that, that announcement. So at this point in time, both businesses are challenged.
Juan Luciano: Yes, it's difficult in this area to provide concrete examples, Ann, because obviously we respect confidentiality of our customers and all these are innovations for them to increase their revenue and differentiate themselves. But we're excited about it because we got two pipelines here going on. One is the pipeline that we inherited from WILD themselves, but it was very robust as they continue to grow earnings and revenue every year. And then, the synergy pipeline that we got by mixing basically the ingredients that ADM provided. Remember, we contributed $1.5 billion of revenue worth of ingredients into this new division. And then the product that SCI brings and also the product at WILD -- we had several conferences for innovation where we had customer teams working together with their customers and that's when we generated the pipeline that I described. Again, we measured it in terms of engagements and obviously we measure in terms of potential revenue and margin. This is the first quarter, obviously, of this business running, so the best -- the first order of business, obviously, is to make sure that we keep our customer momentum, so all the team is very much divided in two sets of people. The people that are working on the cost revenue -- the cost synergy and the people that are continuing to be engaged with customers. We're very happy with our engagement with the customers, our combined culturally if you will. The combination of SCI, WILD and ADM has been very, very good. People are working together seamlessly and I think customers have seen only benefits from this. So we wanted to report on that. Off to a great start, customers seeing the opportunities and we're seeing the opportunities to bring more of our products to our solution.
Juan Luciano: Yes, obviously this is a recent proposal so we continue to study. At this point, although this did not conform exactly with our public position, we're pleased that we appear to have a little bit more of a longer timeline than maybe crude oil. But we're a little bit concerned about this reduction in speed because not only will speed -- just transportation of oil and ethanol, but will slow down the whole system. So hopefully, we're still going to have some discussions with the government about this area.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I would say the thing that you noted the strength of the crush margins in North America. And our team played very well. But I think what also happened is that normally during March, you see a transition already to South America. And I think in this case what we had is probably the full March that you see here in the North American result. So yes, there is a shift that we normally see and we're going to see a little bit of a slowdown in the earnings of oilseeds in the second quarter as we shift to South America. South America, both Paraguay and Brazil, we don't have crushing in Argentina, but Paraguay and Brazil continue to be a good crushing margin. And then we're going to have, we're going to pick up a little bit of the exports from the grain origination part that we'll report in oilseeds. So I would say yes, with the normal seasonality from Q1 to Q2, not a significant or spectacular decline, I would say.
Juan Luciano: Yes, David. I think that there is a tight capacity -- this industry continues to grow. And there hasn't been much capacity added, so you will continue to see those dynamics in which -- when we get to export a lot and we have very robust domestic demand, that presents very good crush margins. This is a global demand story. It continues to grow the protein consumption. And also, don't forget that as we were exporting a lot of DBGs to China that basically increased the domestic demand for soybean meal for us. So crushing went very, very well and we think that will continue over the year.
Juan Luciano: I normally tell you that we hedge. as a matter of principle something between 25% and 75%, depending on how we see the conditions. I would say that we're constructive in margins and margins have been recovering. So that probably indicates that, as you can understand, we're probably in the soft side of that, but I don't want to disclose that much our tactics going into Q2.
Juan Luciano: I would say we like the prospects through the summer; we like the way exports are reacting. Ethanol continues to be, clearly by a big margin, the lowest octane enhancer around the world and that continues to bring export markets to the U.S. The U.S. is a reliable supplier. So we continue to be optimistic about that. We know that plants run a little bit softer during the summer and the driving season is upon us. So we have several months ahead of us with potentially good margins.
Juan Luciano: I don't know if in Q2, but we're optimistic about the second half. We believe that we have a lot of business ahead of us, both in South America and in North America.
Juan Luciano: Well, I described it before, Paul, that ethanol continues to be, by a big margin, a big -- the cheapest oxygenator out there. If you think of ethanol in the range of $1.60 to $1.70, then next oxygenator is about $2.50. So there is still a big incentive out there. So we haven't seen, even with all the strength of the dollar, any reduction in our exports of ethanol. So at this point in time, we continue to look at 800 million gallons this year. I just was reflecting on the numbers that were posted on the January and February exports and that happens to be annualized to 1 billion. We continue to be somewhere in that range. Obviously we continue to look at new markets and there are several mandates around the world that are being implemented and there is more than 3 billion gallons of MTB that needs to be replaced. So we're optimistic about that and that, over the last two years, has been a very strong market for us and seem to continue to grow, Q2 exports, they are probably going to be larger than Q1.
Juan Luciano: Yes, we do expect accretion year one. The synergies -- normally in these cases, Paul, happen that you get the cost synergies upfront because that's when the integration happens. And then at the same time, you start working with customers in qualifying products and developing new products and then they go to shelf life, testing and all that. So the revenue synergies are more backend-loaded and the cost synergies are more front end-loaded in these projects. But at this point in time, we're probably running at or a little bit ahead of schedule in that sense.
Juan Luciano: Yes, no. This time, the Brazilian strike happened almost a little bit ahead of the harvest, if you will. So it didn't have a material impact to us. We had a little bit of an attempt last week again, that brought a little bit of an issue in Mato Grosso, but nothing significant that we can report. So no impact, I will say.
Juan Luciano: Yes, no, Vince, I'm aware of the issue. This is just a matter of putting the grain industry in a position to have to collect royalties if you will or licenses. So it doesn't have a margin impact on us, but yes, it's a little bit of a domestic dispute and since there are other companies on the other side involved in this, I would rather don't comment and let the guys solve it themselves in Argentina.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think as you recall, and we were, as a team, unhappy with the performance we were having with Top Four and we needed to fix that. That was not only providing low recurrence, but a lot of volatility to our earnings to where we were running it. Part of that was created by inefficiencies between interface between Top Four and ADM. Part of that, it was because of a blow to the structure, if you will, that was increasing our fixed costs. So when we bought the 20% of Top Four, we brought both companies together and we moved some of the people to roles to Geneva and that allowed us to, first of all, have a more coordinated view of the market between the origination and the destination that Top Four provided. We had better utilization of our infrastructure, our logistics and certainly, reduced the cost of the whole operation, so it's a more profitable operation. It doesn't have that many fixed costs. So I think that overall, we improved the volumes because we have better coverage, but we also increased the margins out of that since we have lower cost. So I think the overall end-to-end supply chain that you hear me talking from origination to the destination market -- that's what the GTD has brought to us. And we should continue to see improvements in to these. And you see, this is a very true reflection. Ag Services with North America not being able to export that much because of the strong dollar still grew earnings 37% year over year which is a significant improvement. And a lot of that is because of this implementation.
Juan Luciano: I would say that's probably a different bucket. The $550 million are more operational improvements. This is more like a strategic portfolio management. We will count it in another bucket. So I will say only maybe a tiny bit maybe in the $550 million, but you shouldn't deduct from the $550 million of these. I think we're going to be the $550 million without counting this.
Juan Luciano: Yes, well, ports are strategic points. They are -- at times, if they become a choking point, they can be a big source of either your earnings or your losses depending if you own it or you don't. What we're trying to do, if you think some of the announcements we made, we made the announcement of Eaststarch, for example where we have more ownership now of Eastern European assets and then we announced this morning also [Technical Difficulty] the Port of Constanta where we'd take full ownership of that. This is to continue to complement our value chain and be in charge of all those different parts in the value chain that allow us to make small margins in many, many points as we touch the grain here all the way from the origination to the processing. So we control many, many ports around the world and as I said before, I think at times they become the bottleneck. And you don't want to be held hostage to somebody else owning that and having to bus all the profit there. So to the extent that it makes capital sense because obviously, they are expensive. We tried in places where we have the full supply chain, we tried to own them.
Juan Luciano: Yes, the Argentinians have been selling a little bit more as well. But yes, a lot of people expect that if there is a change in government in Argentina, there might come an evaluation and that may prompt a little bit more aggressive farmer selling. At one point in time, we will fill the soybean mills from Argentina, obviously more probably in Europe than otherwise for us. So it's hard to speculate on the result on election to be honest, Farha, but that will be one of the potential scenarios.
Juan Luciano: Yes, the elections in Argentina, Farha, I think they happen in October and I think the government changed like in December 10 or something like that. So whether the new government decides to have the evaluation in December or to move it to 2016, it's probably more a 2016 impact.
Juan Luciano: Yes, we look at the overall pool of assets that we have and so I'm not going to disclose granularity around what assets we take down or not, but I think as I said, I think it's important for you to consider that we're always going to look at both to maximize the margin coming out of every bushel that we grind. So sometimes, that benefits buyer products to the detriment of sweeteners and starches like in this case. It doesn't happen that often, but in this case, we thought it was material enough that we should mention it.
Juan Luciano: That's a very strategic an important number that I rather don't disclose, Michael. We have the ability to produce between 20 and 30 products but how much can we shift from one extreme to the other is a very strategic number. I would rather don't disclose.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Tim, let me tell you what happened to us. And I don't know what happened to competitors. But what happened to us is that we use a lot of our North American capacity to supply the rest of the world. And because of the dollar strength and some emerging market weaknesses if you will, we exported less. That might have prompted that more volume actually stayed domestically and that might have put some pressure on margins domestically. But the biggest impact we felt was we didn't have the pull from exports this quarter. We're working on that and we're solving that and some of that -- some of that was also customers around the world looking at soybean prices coming down and decided to go a little bit hand to mouth to see how low can they become. So we're seeing that turning a little bit now. But that's the impact we saw, Tim.
Juan Luciano: Yes, the issue is it doesn't require capital investments. Capital investments is a choice if we want to grow that capacity. The reality is, the U.S. uses 92% of high-fructose corn syrup versus 8% of sugar for soda, if you will. Eastern Europe uses 28% of high-fructose corn syrup versus 72% of sugar. So the opportunity to grow that is enormous. So sure, if you want to capitalize on that, you need capacity, you need capital to expand capacity. But we will only do it on the back of very strong returns that will make that expansion make sense. So, we don't have a must. We can run this for cash flow or for cash as long as we want until we decide that we want to expand. We're not going to expand day one. Day one is all going to be about integrating this to our footprint and taking advantages of re-managing that growth asset and reintegrating those assets with our grain and our transportation business.
Juan Luciano: First quarter is not traditionally a very strong quarter for us; especially from an ethanol perspective, it's a low demand quarter. Certainly biodiesel didn't run as expected. So I will say we still believe that there is a strong ability for ADM to improve returns and results from this kind of level. We don't think that this is top, we don't think that this is maximized not even for oilseeds that you can say that have an outstanding quarter. Some of their divisions -- as I said, all the softest side, all Europe didn't quite perform that well. Biodiesel is not performing great. We couldn't export a lot from North America from a grain perspective, so our earnings from grains was subdued. Certainly we didn't have any margins in ethanol, so I don't think that this was a spectacular quarter from what the market could give us. I think that, given what the market could give us, the team executed very, very well and we continue to be excited about the implementation of our strategic blueprint. Our strategic plan. That continues to bring strength, because it comes from improving our operations, from having better facilities, from divesting things that we don't like. That I announced today, we divested the lactic acid business. It's not a significant thing, but it continues to show the commitment of management that there are no sacred cows here. Everybody needs to present a credible forecast for returns to be part of the integrated business. And I think we continue to be excited about the strength of our plan and the way our company is executing with a very good consistency, I would say. So I think there is upside from here, Ken. That will be my summary.
Juan Luciano: Yes, so Q1, we shifted as much as we could to soybean crushing as margins were so much better. Obviously now, the market has gotten a little bit better but also Argentinean soybean has started to show up so now it's going to become a little bit tougher. And I think from a softer perspective, we probably need to wait until July or sometime later on for us to see an improvement there.
Juan Luciano: I think I said it in my remarks, we posted an increase in profitability and the underlying business in sweeteners and starch, driven by good volumes and profit margins. It was offset by part of this lack of controller credits because of the decisions we made to run ethanol for margins and also decrease earnings from the joint ventures and the one times from the Tianjin and the start-up costs. Think about the Tianjin plant. We have a full world scale plant waiting to get approval, so you have all the fixed costs and some of the variable costs that we're making product. No revenue, no cash flow from that plant. So that's impacting the business. But I agree with you, margins for spot business are a little bit tighter and a little bit higher and we have a combination of contracts. Contracts that were done before the announcement of some of the shutdowns, that were done at previous years' margin on some businesses that were performed after that which are at better numbers. But we expect the profitability of sweeteners and starches from now on to improve as some of these one-offs will be eliminated.
Juan Luciano: Yes and I would rather maybe give you some perspective on that maybe on the next call. We still want to get the feeling of getting all the approvals in China and we need to get our hands on the Eaststarch and we didn't get 100% of Eaststarch, so some of Eaststarch have gone to take alive and some to us and some of that will be in sweeteners and starches and some may not. So I would rather get to close those operations before giving you. But you are correct, that should add to our segment sweeteners and starches on a global basis.
Juan Luciano: Yes, that's correct. And that is the intention and, at this point in time, we were trying to balance both obviously. The improving earnings per share with the improving ROIC and that's why Ray was describing EVA is that's what we're looking at. But that's the intention. They are all investments to improve EPS and you should see that reflected in the bottom line as we go forward.
Juan Luciano: Thank you all for joining us today. Slide 15 notes our upcoming investor events where we'll see each other. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark, if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
