Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.59. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $650 million. After working through the challenging environment in the first half of the year, we capitalized on improving operating conditions in the third quarter and are positioned well for a solid finish to the year. Ag Services results were driven by U.S. exports that surged through the quarter, creating improved merchandising opportunities as the global market relied heavily on U.S. exports of corn and soybeans. Results for Corn included strong performance in North American sweeteners and starches, growth from our international corn operations and steady results for bioproducts. Oilseeds results were impacted by significantly lower global soy crush margins, weaker origination results in Brazil and the unusual equity loss from our Wilmar investment. WFSI results included strong growth from WILD Flavors with mixed results from our Specialty Ingredients businesses During the quarter, we continued to execute on our strategic plan. We acquired Caterina Foods, a manufacturer of specialty gluten-free and high-protein pastas. In addition, we further invested in Asia's growing and evolving food demand by increasing our strategic ownership stake in Wilmar to 23%. Our ethanol dry mill review has progressed and we are targeting receipt of final proposals from a short list of interested parties by the end of the calendar year. And, we have implemented nearly $250 million of new run-rate savings actions through the third quarter and expect to exceed our $275 million target by the end of the calendar year. In line with our balanced capital allocation framework, we have returned $1.3 billion to shareholders in dividends and share buybacks through the first nine months of the year. With improving market conditions and a large U.S. harvest, combined with the team's solid execution capabilities, we feel good about the remainder of the year and a stronger 2017. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard progress later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, Cornell. This is Juan. Yeah. I think your assessment is correct. I think that the quarter got increasingly stronger August and September, especially in the Ag Services, and I will say in sweeteners and starches as well. So those – but increasingly, in terms of export from the U.S. in August and September. Those were very strong months.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes. Of course, we're going to have better volumes and better margins in Ag Services. We are seeing probably an export window all the way to extending not only in Q4, but also into Q1 for North America. And we have very good ownership. So we have the pipeline filled. We think that we're going to have strong crush margins in the Q4. And the demand particularly in sweeteners and starches and ethanol continues to be solid, and we're going to have the product to supply that demand. So we feel very strongly about the following quarters.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Thank you for the question. Obviously, we are starting that and you've seen many changes in China recently, not only the change in the way they handle their reserves or internal subsidies, but also some import duties for DDGS. So it certainly will impact some of the exports in that – in – whether it's barley, whether it's corn, whether it's DDG as they reduce their inventories. But demand continues to be very strong, so we still believe in very strong imports of soybeans from that perspective. But we're watching the corn and the sorghum and the DDGS export that has been reduced.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes, it is. We've seen several destinations. I think the world market is consuming a lot of gasoline and certainly ethanol is a very good octane enhancer oxygenate and as you think about some countries trying to reduce pollution created by automotive usage, we think that ethanol continues to be a very strong product for export. We've been exporting very heavily to Canada. We've been exporting much more than last year to Brazil. China has been there, but we also have new destination showing up. So we feel strong about export will grow into next year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Listen, we have already concluded this year's negotiation for 2017 liquid sweeteners contracts. And we are very satisfied the way things are evolving into this industry. As you describe, volumes have been strong and the industry has been very tight. Contracting season did start earlier than normal this year and so that's normally a good sign for us for expanded margins. So, I will say in terms of specifics, we will try to stay to our traditional timeline to discussing this outlook although we have finished some contract negotiations as our portfolio continues to broaden, there are other product lines that we're still wrapping up those negotiations. So I'd rather address the more specifics to this in the next quarter's call. I would just say at this point in time, we are optimistic about that. It has been a positive negotiation so far.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. So, many aspects to your question. Certainly, there was some discussion about the ability of the government to continue to reduce these export taxes in Argentina. The government finally announced that it would not have the ability to honor that promise. But they also created some reductions for some provinces in the north to kind of balance the people that are farther away from the ports. So I will say this is going to be a fluid situation as you describe the intentions of the farmers has been to shift to corn some acreage in Argentina, but early planting conditions there may be making a little bit more difficult to that and some people have started to plant some soybean. So, I think, it's a fluid situation. And for the time being, we're going to expect North America to be the competitive sourcing of soybean meal in the world, so – until we have the next South America crop.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: No. I think, the team has been – have done a terrific job of – especially in Europe, of improving some of our specialty fat and oil business, and maybe didn't quite perform last year, and they made some modifications to that. So you have an improvement. But I will not call it a one-off, it's an improvement versus last year on good performance. And overall, we saw strong demand for oil and a strong volume for biodiesel, and that drove the better performance. But there's nothing unusual in those results.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: I think you should see. I mean, obviously, it would depend on biodiesel. You know biodiesel is rather volatile, so. But I think the other businesses, refined oil, bottled oil and specialty fats, and I think those businesses you should expect this kind of performance going forward.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes. So let's talk a little bit about that. We said before that we would expect in this strategy that we put together a couple of years ago to give us over the next three years $1 to $1.50. And we continue to be committed to that and expecting those results. At the same time, we saw our base being impacted by some of the headwinds going down from maybe a $3 level to maybe a $2.40 level. Obviously, we're coming back from that as you can see in this quarter and as you're going to see in Q4 and hopefully with a stronger 2017. It's still difficult to quantify given that we have only one quarter of that, how much of that base deterioration are we going to recover. With regards to the ethanol dry mills, as you heard me saying in the prepared remarks, we are waiting for the second round of bids before the end of the year. And at that point in time, Farha, we will sit down and assess the offers that we have in front of us, and we will make a decision based on that. So I think it's a little bit premature to speculate on how the dry mills should factor in our next year's earnings.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. Ken, I think that that's kind of the way we're thinking about it. We think that 2017 should provide an opportunity for us in a more normalized environment to demonstrate all the earnings power that we've made through the cost improvements or through all the investment. There are risks as we face every year. Obviously, you have the potential China grain reserve significant release and how they managed that and how many years do they want to achieve that that could be a risk. Obviously, ethanol, the way producers will manage supply, demand and inventories is another one. But I think in general, we feel strongly about everything that we have done over the last few years to improve our company and position our company to take advantage of this market condition. So we feel good about 2017.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yeah. I would say from our perspective. First of all, you were comparing with a very strong quarter last year. So if you look at the underperformance of oilseeds, 60% of that is explained by the Wilmar, which is a very unusual result. So when you look at the performance of oilseeds per se, we have origination inside oilseeds for Brazil, and the farmer in Brazil that was 40% sold by this time last year is only 20% sold now. So we had less volume going through our operations. And if you think about the crush margins in the U.S., we didn't have some of the pressure that exports of mill have brought maybe last year to the U.S. So, obviously, with the big run-up in mill prices by mid of the year, by June or something like that, other things became more competitive, whether it's a low-quality feed wheat or whether it is DDGs or corn got a little bit into the Russian. So we think that demand is very strong. Still, we're thinking about 5% mill consumption growth for next year. And we believe that the U.S. will have high crush margins, and we feel good about the potential expansion of that crush in margin. It just could be a little bit attenuated by the fact that we need to fight with some substitution maybe over the next quarter. But we feel good in general about oilseeds.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes. Thank you, Adam. Listen, I think we will continue to see strong exports. We see that, in that sense, Q4 should be stronger. We expect higher utilization of our storage and transportation assets. Although maybe freight rates may be pressured a little bit due to higher transportation equipment availability I think I addressed that when I addressed Eric's question before. But in general, we will continue to see a stronger ag services performance as we finish the year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Yes. So to give you some perspective, so we're expecting 2016 to end between 2014 and 2015; obviously, higher than 2015 and not as high as 2014, but I think that when you think about 2017, we expect some of this export to overspill into Q1. So the window obviously will depend a lot on what happened in South America. There are still three months of weather ahead of us. But we still believe that the U.S. will be very full in the pipeline and will be exporting corn and soybeans well into Q1 next year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels: Thank you, Kelly. Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Thanks, Juan. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.59 versus $0.60 in the year-ago quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $650 million, down $34 million, mostly on Wilmar results. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 28% compared to 31% in the third quarter of the prior year. Our tax rate is lower this quarter compared to last year due to the geographic mix of earnings and the tax impact of portfolio management actions taken last year and this year. Our effective tax rate this quarter is consistent with the 28% guidance for the calendar year that I provided to you at the last quarter's call. Our trailing four-quarter average ROIC of 5.8% is 80 basis points below our 2016 annual WACC of 6.6%. The lower ROIC reflects the challenging operating conditions that we have experienced during the latter part of 2015 and the first half of 2016. We do expect our fourth quarter trailing ROIC to improve as we move through the end of this year. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.58 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.59 per share. For this quarter, we had impairments, restructuring and settlement charges of $0.08 per share. We had losses on sales of assets of about $0.02 per share. There was offset by about $0.09 of LIFO inventory credits. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the unique items impacting our quarterly results. In the operating segments, we had some small impairments and restructuring costs and loss on disposals of assets. As a reminder, the results of the equity earnings at Wilmar are reported by ADM on a one-quarter lag basis. The Asia loss in oilseeds reflects ADM's portion of the Wilmar loss reported in their second quarter results. In the corporate line, net interest expense was up slightly due to interest on $1 billion of new long term debt issued this quarter, and the absence of an interest credit related to tax provisions in the prior year. Unallocated corporate costs of $106 million were down from the year-ago quarter primarily due to lower SG&A costs and lower spending on various strategic projects. Minority interest and other include some impairment charges on certain investments and a settlement and related expenses. I'd also like to highlight that our prior year numbers included a charge of $198 million related to buying back higher cost U.S. debt and issuing lower cost euro-denominated debt. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide 6, you can see the cash flow statement for the first nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period the prior year. We generated about $1.6 billion from operations before working capital changes during the period, slightly higher than the same period last year. Total capital spending for the period was $621 million, down from the prior year's $819 million. Capital spending has been lower during the more challenging first half of 2016, and we do expect to finish up the year spending below $1 billion. Acquisitions of $136 million to-date includes Harvest Innovations, Medsofts, the Moroccan corn processing operation, and Caterina Foods. Included in the other investing activities line is our increased investment in Wilmar to a 23% level. During the current period, we spent $754 million to repurchase approximately 20 million shares. We're heading towards repurchasing about $1 billion this calendar year. Our average share count for the period was 589 million diluted shares outstanding. Our total return of capital to shareholders, including dividends, was about $1.3 billion for this nine-month period. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. Our operating working capital of $7.3 billion was down about $600 million from the year-ago period. Total debt was approximately $7.1 billion, resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash of $6.1 billion, up slightly from the 2015 net debt level of $5.6 billion. Earlier in the third quarter, we issued $1 billion of U.S. 10-year debt at a coupon of 2.5%, the lowest cost U.S. long-term debt in our portfolio. Our leverage position remains comfortable with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 25%. Our shareholders' equity of $17.6 billion was down from the $17.9 billion level last year due primarily to shareholder capital returns in excess of net income and a decrease in the cumulative translation account. We had $6.1 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of September. If you add the available cash, we have access to over $7 billion of short-term liquidity. Our balance sheet remains solid. Next, Juan will take us through a review of the business performance and drivers.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: No. I mean, I think the elevation margins clearly did improve as we kind of went through the third quarter, so that's been very, very encouraging. Again, as Juan indicated, I don't expect it to get back to 2014 levels which really resulted in ag services operating profit, some very, very strong results. But we are going to have good results in the fourth quarter. There's no doubt about it.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels: Yeah, Mike. I mean, clearly, we've been on a multiyear plan in terms of driving operational excellence within the company. We set a target of $275 million this year which we'll exceed, we haven't set our targets for next year, but you should expect us to actually continue to have some good targets in terms of the operational excellence because clearly there's still more opportunities to be had. One thing I do want to point out, as Juan indicated, we talked about the 1ADM program, whereby we're actually implementing this business transformation program within the company. It does cost money. For example, this year on 1ADM, we're spending about $100 million. As part of that project, some of it is capital, some of it is operating expenses, this program is ramping up, so therefore I do expect next year our spending will increase as we ramp up this program. We'll provide more context in the fourth quarter call because we're still working through what the actual spend will be. But what we're doing is we're actually taking some of these cost savings that we've had and we're going to reinvest in the company. And so, we're going to reinvest in terms of whether it be business process improvements or we're going to be reinvest in R&D and innovation as well. So, again, we'll give more context to this when we get to the fourth quarter call, but I'm very pleased that these savings are coming, but we are going to reinvest some of these savings in order to make this company stronger for the future.
