Patricia A. Woertz: Well, thank you, Case, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.77 and adjusted segment operating profit of $819 million. Our net earnings were $533 million or $0.81 per share, and segment operating profit was $888 million. In the second quarter, the ADM team continued to execute very well and delivered strong results. We capitalized on robust ethanol demand, our recovery of U.S. grain export volumes and continuing strong demand for oilseeds products. I'm very proud of the work that the team has done recently, not just in running the day-to-day business, but also strengthening the enterprise with aggressive cost and cash management and positioning our company for future growth. This work continues to drive improved returns with this quarter's ROIC showing a 200 basis point improvement over last year. Since our last quarterly call, we've announced the construction of a sweetener and soluble-fiber manufacturing complex in the Chinese port city of Tianjin. We've announced the completion of the Toepfer deal and the start of integration there. And we have announced an agreement to acquire WILD Flavors, a global leader in natural flavors and flavor systems, to complement ADM's existing texture, nutrition and functional solutions. It is through these and other actions that we are improving returns. These are efforts that, in a minute, Juan will discuss a little bit further. Now looking at the second half of 2015 (sic) [2014], the crops in North America and Europe are developing very nicely, and we are preparing for what could be very large harvests. Now I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Patricia A. Woertz: Rob, first of all, interesting question. I will not be able to speak for the board, but I can tell you that in the past and in all of the deliberations of the board on this subject, they take everything into consideration. So I think our calculation is, as we think forward, say, for the sake of argument, we close at the end of October, the effect of that last 2 months of ownership and not having the earnings associated with the higher capital employed would probably be about 20, 2-0, basis points effect. So yes, I think the board will definitely take into consideration as they normally would. I will comment that returns are very important and focusing priority for this board, for this management, I think, we're very aligned about that and that's, I think, the key to your question.
Patricia A. Woertz: Yes, Ken, I think we're quite confident in our ability to continue to grow the earnings power. You're -- the last couple of fiscal years, obviously, have been challenging due to the lingering effects of the drought. We've talked about $3 a share, breaking through that. We've talked about targeting certainly our long-term objectives to be 10% ROIC because, of course, our long-term WACC is 8%. We've done all these efforts to drive results related to whether it's costs or cash or portfolio management. So I think your question is a good one. Can I pinpoint the exact quarter? Probably not. But as you look through the latter part of this year and into next year, and we hope to close on the WILD acquisition again late 3Q, by Q4, that's another $0.10 to $0.15 a share. I think you should see these accretive actions in a sustained level definitely by the turn of the year as we look for that.
Patricia A. Woertz: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. You may note on Slide 15, we have our upcoming investor event, which does include an Investor Day in Chicago on December 3. So we hope to see many of you there. As always, please follow up with Case if you have any other questions, and thanks very much for your time and interest in ADM. Bye now.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, Christine, yes. Obviously, we've been watching this crop grow with very favorable weather. So we've been doing maintenance to all our operations to make sure they are all ready and the same with all the transportation networks. You know that there have been issues with transportation in the past. I think that we assessed them last year in Brazil, and we saw the improvements this year of what we did in Brazil. We're doing the same thing here in North America, talking to the railcars, aligning our trucking transportation, our barges. And as you can see in our transportation results, that -- we think that's a competitive advantage of ADM and provide normally opportunities to us. So we are looking to this harvest and to the second half of the year with a lot of optimism.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, sure. Wilmar, we continue to work very closely. Not only we created the Olenex fats and oil joint venture in Europe, we have advanced things like joint procurement of certain items that allow us to leverage our combined scale. We continue to work on 2 or 3 other projects that include potential projects in North America and in Asia. So all in all, very good relationship with Wilmar. The results that you've seen here are their results of the first quarter. We reported with 1 quarter delay, and we previewed those results in the last calls with analysts.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, at the moment, it's 1 million tons, and we have an expansion plan to get it to 6 million tons. So we're very proud that, that had received all the approvals. It's receiving trucks this year and we loaded the vessel this week. And we're going to receive -- be receiving barges by Q2 2015.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, David, yes. I would characterize the performance of the team as very, very good this quarter. The way I tend to think about it, David, in terms of the math for calculating cents per gallon, you take the $141 million of profitability of the bioproducts segment. You need to add the $70 million of mark-to-market that would relate it to hedges of sales for the second quarter, so there were ethanol sales for the second quarter. That takes you to about $220 million. We have a capacity of 1.7 billion gallons per year. So that's kind of the way we think about it. In terms of what did we hedge or not hedge going forward, going into this -- second quarter, we were about 50%. Going into Q3, we have about something like that and very little for Q4 at the moment.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. First of all, on the first part of the question, that's the correct way to think about it. Those were second quarter hedges. So the true economic is -- require that you add both things to see the performance of the business. The second is, yes, we see sustained margins for the rest of the year, so we're very optimistic about the second half.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We continue to see very good level of exports. Actually so far, we are in that range of about 850 million gallons to 1 billion gallons per year. We see -- this is a time of the year, David, that you should see Brazil being much more aggressive here. And actually, we continue to see us exporting, even exporting a little bit to Brazil. You probably have heard that Brazil have increased, or has a proposal to increase, the blending rate, part to try to import less gasoline and part to try to help the sector. So we continue to see opening opportunities and opening markets for us. So we are bullish for our export forecasts for 2014, as I said, about 1 billion and also for 2015.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I think we have a very good footprint in the U.S. that is not only about elevators, river terminals, export terminals, and certainly, all our transportation footprint. So you only get the power of all that asset footprint when you have a large crop. So we believe that this crop will give us the opportunity to collect income, if you will, from several parts in our value chain. I think that you are correct in the sense that there are good crops around the world, so there are less opportunities. Weather has been very, very favorable for growing crops around the world, which is a good thing. We're going to have plentiful of crops around the world to be moved. There's going to be discontinuities though. You have the issues of quality in wheat, for example, that will present opportunities for our people to blend and to take advantage of opportunities. You have the issues with freight that provide opportunities for freight arbitrages. So we see this with very good eyes. I mean, it's a -- crops look fantastic. Our assets are in very good shape and very well located. So it should be -- it should have ag services hitting in the high side of the range certainly.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We think that this year, total production will be around 14.3 billion gallons, something in that range, probably. Recently, it's been running a little bit higher than that because this is a high driving season. I think that EIA estimates are, for this year, about 134 billion or 135 billion gallons of gasoline. So 13.5 billion, you take the billion gallon of exports and you are there pretty tight. So certainly, this is an industry that is running as hard as they can at about 14.7 billion, and you can argue whether that's sustainable on an average for the year. In terms of new capacity, we don't believe there's going to be any new capacity, if anything, that you would see. People are already maxed out and hitting their permit levels or their baselines in terms of that. So if you add more capacity to that, you are just creating ethanol for export markets, and that will be fine since that doesn't affect the local balance. So we are very optimistic about ethanol margins being sustained at very good levels.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, Farha, we won't speculate on that. I just can tell you given these economics and with lower corn prices, ethanol is so advantaged that we'll continue to have a way in the fuel market. So export will continue to be the driving force behind margins here.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No. Normally, when we start, we see the liquidity of that. So it was not that much liquidity. We normally, at this time of the year, we probably are -- this time of the quarter, about 50% for this quarter and maybe 20% for the Q4. And as more liquidity gets and we see the margins, we might put a little bit more on that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We own what you described. About -- we have about half the ownership of all the total railcars that we use. We certainly have a very close relationship as we are a very big user. And we feel, as I described before, that all our transportation is an advantage. And it's not only the moving units, but also the pipeline, the way we are set up. And so we think that as situation gets tight -- and I think the rail is a little bit of an overflow, not only of the issue of oil transportation in the United States, but also the issue of trucking and the difficulty to find drivers and all that, that is pushing a little bit of rail over to -- a little bit of freight over to rail. So we see that situation probably continues as we're going to have a lot of oil production and a very strong harvest. But our guys continue to make good money out of that and continue have the customers very well served. So we let them operate. They do a very nice job of that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So obviously, from an ag services perspective, Q3, I mean, is kind of a lower volume type of quarter because you are getting at the end of the crop year. And then we get all the bump of September, October, November, December and into '15. So that's where they're going to be producing the higher profits. From an ethanol perspective, it's probably very optimistic for the second half but not a huge seasonality in that sense, if you will. And then from a crushing perspective also, we're going to get a good harvest here in the United States. I think that the U.S. will continue to be the most competitive soy meal out there to be exporting. And so that's -- in general, when you look at all our operations, we've seen during second quarter very strong volumes. If anything, we've been surprised by all of our volumes. And when you see our volumes of processed, we are even trying to be careful with margins. We are up like about 4%. When we look at the grains move, we are north of 40% up. So in general, we see very good demand. The other thing that we see is that plenty of opportunities ahead of us because the farmers, in general, are very little sold so far. In our customers, to be honest, are very little bought. So there's a lot of business to be done in front of us. So we see that with very -- with a lot of optimism, Rob.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We monitor that, Rob, obviously, and we don't believe there's a significant material change in the structure of the industry. We still believe we're going to process and we're going to handle a very large crop. And the timing in which the farmer is going to sell it anyway, that's kind of the fine-tuning and our team will take care of that. But overall, we're going to be managing very large crops through our assets.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, Rob -- I'm sorry, Adam. Listen, we have a very robust plan internally that goes actually all the way to 2019. The plan is built in like about 10 categories, including water and maintenance and repairs, including energy efficiency, including procurement. So I'm not going to bore you with all the details, but yield improvement and all that. So when we put together that, we estimated obviously that the team was starting to get going, and we estimated that about $200 million run rate by the end of '14. We are north of that year-to-date. So we certainly -- in the first quarter, we realized we are going to be way ahead of schedule as the team continues to find opportunities. And now it looks much more like, again, $400 million by the end of the year. Where do these things go? You have to find it in all the businesses, obviously. They all trickle down to the businesses. Since they are procurement, sometimes it's in chemicals. So you might find it in oilseeds by reducing the chemical usage or the chemical prices. Sometimes, you find it more in corn when there is energy efficiency. But there are new technologies applied to oilseeds to continue to reduce our costs. So I would say in general, you're going to find it in all the divisions, maybe a little bit more in the processing units than in ag services. Ag services have maybe less of an opportunity since they don't process, but they also have milling inside them that they will see the impact on that. In terms of how much of that will we see, obviously, we do all these and we spend capital and resources to see it in the bottom line. So we expect this to be accretive to next year's and the following year's operating profits.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I don't remember exactly which ones we have disclosed or not, but let me talk about the contribution. And sweeteners and -- a sweeteners plant in China, in Tianjin, will start producing early in 2015. So you should see -- obviously, we will -- although we are developing the market with exports from here, there's going to be a period of ramping up to that. So maybe 2016 or late 2015 is when you start seeing the earnings impact of that plant. The protein specialty complex is going to be later on because we're just starting. So that will take 18 to 24 months to build, so it's more a 2016-and-a-half type of situation. That complex is a $250 million investment in Brazil. And again, it's very aligned with what you heard before, that specialty proteins have had another quarter -- another record in this quarter. We have -- we are selling very, very well and there is a lot of pull from our customers. So this plant cannot come fast enough. And then the Brazil northern port, you're going to see the impact starting this harvest -- right now, actually, we are loading vessels and the full impact is probably more important next year because we're going to start receiving barges, starting with the harvest of Brazil of next year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I think it's a combination of things. I think our team is very good at what they do. They have many, many levers to pull in the sense that we have the ability to flex production, not only into ethanol but also into dextrose of other products. So I think grind is up. Volumes have been tracking consistent with last year and a little bit better than projections. To be honest, when we started the year, we thought that the decline in export to Mexico was going to be bigger than what is actually happening. So Mexico has been strong. I mean, it's down versus last year about, I don't know, 15% but it's better than we expected. So we prepare for that. So we prepare with some spot businesses. We prepare with business developing other products to make sure that they offset that. And between the ethanol strength and the strengths of those other products, we've been able to offset the decline in the liquid sweeteners. So we are -- and with that and corn costs and the continuing improvement we do at the plant, that's when you get the results. So very proud of the team.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I think that from a margin perspective, this is what you should be expecting. There is certain seasonality as you go -- as you end into the picnic season in the U.S. or things like that, you see a little bit of a change into that. But yes, from a margin perspective, this is what you should be expecting, Vince.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We -- certainly, situation in Argentina is complex, and looking at the macro scenario, we pull a little bit of risk in Argentina. So we have reduced our participation. We are a very big export in Argentina, but we pull risk a little bit off from the country and that's why we haven't been impacted significantly. The team, I think, did a good job of managing the circumstances. The -- and you said it well. It should be picked up by Brazil, and that's why we're opening the port in the north and we're very excited at about that. The problem is, circumstantially, Brazilian farmers are not selling. They are not helping with the prices. They are not helping with the real and the dollar exchange rate. So that has been dampening a little bit our origination earnings and that's what you saw in oilseeds. We think that, obviously, that they are only like 10% sold from new crops, so we will see commercialization of that later in the year, and we will -- part of that will come back to our P&L later in 2014.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, a lot of that, Vince, will be new volume. One of the reasons we're doing this, obviously, part of that is to alleviate the constraints of evacuating everything through the port of Santos. But a lot of that is also so we can increase our origination in the northern part of Brazil. So I would say, call it, 70-30, 70% new stuff, 30% redirecting stuff into better logistics.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Tim, listen, we've been -- I know that corn team has been looking at other carbohydrate sources, not only corn. Part of that we've been doing with some of our partners in Asia, exploring that. So there is a very rich pipeline. If anything, in ADM, the issue that we are dealing with is keeping the focus and the prioritization as we look for returns and having a very balanced portfolio to make sure we deliver the improving returns that you've seen. Certainly, the Tianjin plant is a plant that profits a little bit from the length of starch in the market. We don't produce starch there because we thought that at this point in time, it was more convenient for us, given the length in starch, to actually procure that starch. But we have plans in the future at the proper time to be able to back integrate that. And then we're looking -- we have teams exploring Southeast Asia for other opportunities. As I said, I think the issue has been an issue of prioritization and how do they stack up in terms of returns versus other opportunities we are pursuing right now.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, I think the business has a strong position in the U.S., a strong position in the U.K. and the Caribbean. So demand has been stable and very solid. So that has been a business that is very, very good cash flow, a cash cow, if you will. They've been returning very, very good. It's a team that looks a lot at how to maintain the assets because milling is kind of an old technology. So I think we had a little bit of a softer quarter. As corn gets cheaper, obviously, some of their feed products get a little bit less profitable in that sense, but now we are coming into higher seasonality for that business. And -- so -- but it's been one of our most predictable businesses and more stable businesses. So we have a very good level of comfort in the stability of earnings that they can deliver. So very good team, very good position, not much to worry about that business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Listen, our team -- I was checking Monday -- yesterday with our team there. They feel very good about the opportunity in the Black Sea and to fully use our assets. So the Toepfer team is very excited about it. I think that, in general, in wheat, in the world, there is adequate supply. But as you described and I mentioned before, there are delta qualities. So sometimes, there are lower protein here, and sometimes, there are smaller crops where the quality is very good. And our team is very good at equalizing all these around the world. So we see mostly as an opportunity, to be honest, not only for equalization of that or arbitrage, but also to provide the right blends to our customers. And that's what our milling team do very, very well with the combination of having a grain business associated to a milling business, so that's a very strong competitive advantage.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think we see the normal seasonality, Ken. I think that this quarter happens as per historical averages in which the capacity -- we slow down in the U.S. And we shifted that very good crush margins in Brazil. We have a solid situation in Europe. So I think nothing very unusual, I would say.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think it's reflecting a little bit what I described before in which we feel like our customers have -- are really uncovered in that sense. And I think that there is a lot of potential demand out there. And with the expectation of very low prices from a beans perspective, you get to some of that margin. Obviously, our team is all over that and I'm very excited about the future. Fundamentally, what you need to think about is that we've seen demand very, very solid. And that's what I think. When you see the need for soybean meal around the world, the U.S. will be the most competitive soybean mill exporter from October to, whatever, February, March or something like that. So that presents a very good opportunity. Because when you get exports, when you tip the balance in the local capacity utilization, that's when you get margin expansions.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David, this is Juan. Listen, we are very optimistic about the ability. The team has put together a wonderful plan to take care of the harvest. If you see -- even with relatively low volumes when compared to the potential of Q4, they have performed already in the $200 million range. Still, there are some things that they need -- we need to get there. The wheat carries we used to have, today, are a little bit lower in magnitude versus the peak, maybe in the range of 60%. And the volumes available are a little bit lower than that. But when you think about having carries back in the market and being able to take advantage of this very significant crop, we have not reduced our footprint. So when you have a bigger crop and our footprint has expanded a little bit, we think that we have the potential to go back to previous earnings in which -- that you described. So we have no reason to believe that we cannot get back to those levels. We just haven't seen it in the last 2 years. That's why we are cautious with our forecast, but we think this business should operate in the higher side of the range.
