Matt White: Sure. Hi Steve, so first, on your question on the history, the backlog on the third-party actually has declined if you go back a couple of years or the last year or so. But the margins have been able to maintain quite well because recall, we showed the segment of the third-party business. In addition, the engineering organization also works on our intercompany sale of gas backlog. They have the ability to gain absorption of the labor and build that and our sale of gas backlog that they support and perform will be part of the CapEx of the organization and the sale of plant backlog that they perform and execute become third-party sales and profits for the organization. So this was what something – as you probably know, we talked about even at the merger time, this combination of the companies bringing all of the opportunities, both sale of plant and sale of gas not only give our engineering organization a good backlog to work with, but also really helps with their very strong technical capabilities across growing in both areas. Now when you think about looking forward, I think the simple way to think about how to model this business, the sale of plant third-party backlog is translated dollar for dollar. So our sale of plant backlog is $1 backlog equals $1 of sales in the future. And as you probably know, the sale of gas backlog is $1 of CapEx. So it has a different ratio to sales. So for the engineering business, about a $10 billion backlog means we will get about $10 billion of future sales, and it’s usually over three to four years on how that’s recognized. And from a margin perspective, as long as they continue to have a good backlog of both third-party and sale of gas, it will allow them to efficiently manage their costs and obviously leveraging our global footprint in terms of what the hourly rates are. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Matt White: And P.J., this is Matt. I may just add to that as well. Recall that our definition of project backlog is really the most stringent in the industry. So we have been executing right now some of those green projects as part of our base CapEx. If you noticed sequentially, it even it popped up here about $130 million, $140 million. So these are ones where we’re building density. These are ones where we’re converting to, say, blue or green on some existing hydrogen network. So they are happening. But to make our project backlog definition, it requires a very stringent approach, but we fully expect to see some there in the future, to Sanjiv’s point.
Matt White: Hi, Nicola, it’s Matt. So first, we’ll start with saying there’s no structural concerns. I just want to make sure we’re aware of that and we understand that. And I think it’s important also to realize that – as you may recall in our last quarter, Europe right now is in the middle of some, we’ll call larger cost actions that they’re taking as well. And you remember, Americas and APAC had done those earlier. And we always said that EMEA would be a little later, and so they’re in the midst of those. So what you’re seeing in EMEA is a combination of, yes, higher inflation and pricing actions, but also in the middle of some cost actions that they’re taking, which will help the margin profile. In the Americas, I would not say there’s anything concerning or different. To your point, the health care profile on pricing will be different, right? That won’t price as fast to inflation. It tends to be a little more structured. Now that being said, at least in the U.S., they are getting a large inflationary price increase that will be effective here January 1. So that’s a normal part of the process. But I would say it’s more a function of how the cost actions are being taken in EMEA right now on a delayed basis, which is causing that.
Matt White: Duffy, it’s Matt. First, as I mentioned in the pre-remarks, as you well know, Q1 is always our seasonally weakest just given some of the seasonality we see, whether it’s Chinese New Year, Brazilian Carnival, a lot of the events that happen in the first quarter. So you always have that component. Furthermore, our backlog is starting up. Our projects are contributing. They will continue to ramp forward and bring value. And we mentioned we still expect strong pricing throughout. So we fully feel good about that full year guide. We’re obviously giving our first quarter based on how we see the seasonality. I mean if you go back traditionally, Q4 to Q1, it’s usually flattish or even slightly down when you exclude things like FX. So I think you are seeing a little bit of improvement there. But as I mentioned, we’re taking a very neutral assumption on the macro and if we see some growth in the macro, that will be some upside to how we’re thinking about this. But right now, we feel quite good about that full year, and we should see some ramping and improvements in EPS, just given project contribution, pricing actions, cost actions, et cetera, as you normally see in a business like this.
Matt White: And Jeff, I would just add, when you think about low carbon, you have to think holistically. So while I know the first thing that comes to mind is always solar and wind, which clearly can be a little more expensive. You also have to think of hydro, right? In hydro power, we use extensively where we can. It tends to be lower cost power. And so by blending some of that hydro in and especially with some of the other new green opportunities, it can still give us a very attractive average cost of power.
Matt White: Sure, Peter. And to your point, the 2% I alluded to would be specifically on the sale of gas because we were talking about the base volume. So when you think about the total backlog and totality of sale of plant plus sale of gas, you’re absolutely right, mid single digit is how we think about it, that’s clearly through 2022, and we can see that in several years out, just given the size of the backlog and the time to work it through. So we feel very good about that, and that’s something we reinforce and will be part of our continued performance and outlook.
Sanjiv Lamba: Let me just add on to that a little bit, Steve, in terms of how we see that business. So there are a couple of things that the engineering business allows us to do on the gas side as well, which make it quite unique and important for us. One is early insight into projects. So when one of our customers is looking at a large project, they will reach out to the engineering team and get some inputs. We get very early insight into that and obviously are able to leverage that. Now the next step from that is our ability then to be able to say whether we want a particular project to go down the sale of gas or a sale of plant option. And again, that optionality is something that comes intrinsically by having the engineering in-house. And last but not least, it is really a competitive advantage as we look at the transition that’s going to happen with clean energy. There is a whole new market opening up. And of course, right in the heart of that is technology, which is owned and proprietary to Linde Engineering and their ability to take other technologies and build them into solutions that will hold us in good stead as we look ahead.
Sanjiv Lamba: Right, Steve. So the split roughly around the EMEA business, which kind of spans about 40 countries, but that split is roughly about third, two-thirds. A third of on-site whereas you know well, the pass-through kind of goes automatically from the contractual structures we have and about two-thirds of merchant and packaged, where, again, a lot of hardware goes in. And to your point, we’ve been – you might recall, Steve, that sort of about four quarters now, we’ve been talking about inflation. It isn’t new. And while it’s not well recognized, I thought it’s worthy of just a quick reminder. We operate in about 100 countries. Some of the best businesses that we have in many parts of the world, including Latin America, Asia and Europe, have been actively managing inflation over decades. It is not new to us. It’s a muscle that we flex from time to time, and it’s part of our performance culture, kind of getting into the details, digging in and showing we’re executing on pricing and productivity actions day in, day out. So that’s what the guys have been doing over there. We kind of treated as part of our ongoing business process, and they run that every day in that quarter. It isn’t something that we do at the end of the quarter or at the beginning of the quarter.
Sanjiv Lamba: Right, P.J. Thanks for that question. So obviously, we are very excited seeing the number of projects, the momentum that’s building up around that. Very important to always remind ourselves that these projects have long lead time and development. And we are seeing that on any major project, of course, even more so on some of these clean energy projects. Typically, these projects are divided into three – we kind of categorize them into three headings, if you will. There are a number of projects around mobility. You read about them every day. And many of these projects, of course, they are smaller in size relative to the other two segments, but many of these progressing at different paces. Large numbers in green, but a number of blue projects linked to mobility as well. The second bucket is really around industrial applications. This is where we are seeing either incumbent customers or new customers, look at blue hydrogen, green hydrogen, look at how they convert and decarbonize their own processes, whether it’s steel, chemicals, refining. It’s a long list. So all of those activities. Now being at the heart of that, and in most cases, incumbent in there, we are working actively with our customers to be able to help them understand their decarbonization strategy. And as a consequence of that, provide the input needed from our perspective to support that. The last segment is really where we are looking at the energy transition. So use of hydrogen in particular as an energy source, either through a carrier, so ammonia gets talked about a lot, or hydrogen by itself. And that’s a large segment, as you would expect, but is complex because it kind of has its own dynamic around larger. So as you’re dealing with kind of political structures and of course, a need for a global trade structure that allows for that distribution levels to happen. So we see development in all of these three. I think those 300 projects kind of fall neatly into there. And again, I have to say that while momentum is building up, and of course, you’re reading lots of announcements every other day, I know. I do, too. But I don’t really see many of those announcements translate into projects immediately. There is a lead time to that development. Do I see that the $4 billion that you referenced? Now remember, that $4 billion is probability adjusted. I mean if I was to open up the Pandora’s box and tell you what the absolute value is, we are talking $20-plus billion in terms of absolute value of those projects, but probably adjusted on a reasonably conservative lender basis, as you would expect, we think about $4 billion will come into kind of decisions, FID decisions for us in the next three years.
Sanjiv Lamba: So P.J., that’s a fairly broad question. Let me just take a step back and mention something to you, which I think is important to remind everyone, which is that one of the areas around energy transition, and we are seeing a bit of pragmatism in Europe, as you know now, because the taxonomy is now describing both natural gas and nuclear as being in the green kind of zone, if you will. But one of the things to just remind us, natural gas will continue to be very important as we look ahead. So I see certainly momentum building up on natural gas, more investments, the capital cycle that Matt referenced in his comments earlier on, we see some of that playing out. And the projects that we are talking about in Linde Engineering as well, a lot of them serving that natural gas, growing natural gas business and development linked to that. So that is important just to recognize because we see that as part of the energy transition. You’ll see a role – a very important role that natural gas will play. Let me move on and talk about whether the energy costs are actually supporting this transition. And my view is, there are two transitions happening. I believe in the next decade or so, you will see scalable technology for blue hydrogen pickup now get applied now and actually create a transition to that ultimate greener energy transition that is often talked about. So I really see blue playing a big role. And really, the kind of power pricing that you referenced earlier on, doesn’t have a direct impact on that. And therefore, that momentum is on its own. On the green side, yes, as you see energy prices move up there is a bit of a challenge around that. And that will get factored in. Of course, all of this will normalize. The reality is what you see today isn’t what’s going to be for the next five years. So we should look at green hydrogen with that perspective. There is a lens of maybe a five to seven year development cycle, I’ve said this before. Our technology road map suggests that there’s a five to seven year cycle for that scale up to happen and for green hydrogen to stop, then still be at a premium, but a more acceptable premium to maybe blue as we look ahead.
Sanjiv Lamba: Sure, Nicola. Why don’t I do that? And what I’ll do is I’ll walk you through Q4 just to kind of build the base and then quickly talk about the outlook that we’re looking at. And I’ll talk specifically about metals and mining in China, as you know, that’s quite intrinsically linked. So let me start off with Americas as maybe the starting point. Overall, in Q4, you saw a strong growth about 7% up. It was pretty broad-based when I look at the market breakdown, metals, manufacturing, chemicals and refining, all cyclical end markets strongest. Followed, of course, by electronics and food and beverage, which also did quite well. And just very quickly, I’m going to cover refinery because I know a number of you are interested in that. Our refinery volumes are up higher than pre-COVID levels. Excluding start-ups, we are at about 15% up. Including startups, about 24% up when I look and compare the fourth quarter of 2019. Now sequentially, we saw chemicals and energy continue to be strong. Metals lagged a little bit in the Americas as well, largely as a result of customer turnarounds that happened in the last quarter. Manufacturing is slightly weaker, but that’s kind of what we typically expect in the third and fourth quarter. So nothing unexpected over there. The other way to look at the economy is what happens on the packet side of the business. And again, in the U.S. we saw good growth across all end markets, so which is really good to see. Both gases and hard goods saw double-digit year-on-year growth, pretty strong growth there. Sequentially, gases might have been about flat. Hard goods continue to grow. So again, that is good to see that. As I look ahead into the current quarter, I can tell you that we are seeing that fundamental demand stay strong. There are the supply chain challenges. And obviously, the inflation number that came out this morning will worry people, but we still see the underlying demand being pretty strong around the Americas and nothing that I can point out to that suggests any shift from what we’ve seen. Let me move on to EMEA and talk briefly. So again, broad-based growth in EMEA really led by industrials recovering metals manufacturing, high single-digit in Q4. We saw a nice recovery in food and beverage. I’ll thank everyone on the call who went out and bought a beer of pub because we were up 20% in the overall and in the UK in particular. So that is kind of good news. Sequentially, volumes are more or less flat, even though we had less work days in the quarter. And again, in EMEA, I see that trend holding for now. I can’t see anything other than some marginal adjustments on health care, where we had a bit of a spot in a few countries around medical oxygen, but we’re seeing elective surgeries pick up. So, I see a bit of offset in that coming into the Q1 as well. APAC, volumes up 7%, about what I’d expect, led really by electronics, chemicals and energy and manufacturing. This is where metals and minerals or mining for us was lower than last year. And as you heard the story before, curtailments in China, really the root cause of that. And again, sequentially, in APAC in Q4 as well, we saw they were about 2% down largely linked to metals and mining in China. Some customer turnarounds in chemicals as well. And then there was some seasonal adjustment for LNG – LPG volumes in South Pacific that kind of tends to happen every year. Just on China, again, recognizing that people are tracking this quite closely. If I look at January in particular and look at some data that we’re kind of tracking, I see steel a little bit holding back a little bit. I think in the first three weeks of January, it was down about 10% to 11%. The key production cuts and some constraints and curtailments that are in place, likely to be there till early March in provinces like Hebei, Tianjin, Beijing, Shandong, et cetera. After that, I expect that we’ll get back to last year levels, 2021 levels. And overall, for the year, I’d expect that we’d probably see something which is flat or slightly up. Also looking at, obviously, some of the Q1 numbers get adjusted for the Chinese New Year kind of impact. So, once we look at that, we find the other segments, electronics, holding its own pretty solid so far. Automobile production up a little bit, up about 6% of the first three weeks of January. Again, that’s a good signal. The last week of January, you have to ignore because that’s the week before Chinese New Year. So things start kind of shutting down, and that’s just a normal course of event. So, we’re watching closely to see what happens in China on the recovery next week onwards, that’s when the recovery post-CNY or post-Chinese New Year will happen. So we’ll kind of figure out how that plays out as we look ahead into the rest of the quarter.
Sanjiv Lamba: Sure. Thanks, Bob. So let me – maybe what I might do, Bob, is just take a step back and talk about inflation in general because it seems to be on everyone’s mind, talk about how we address inflation more broadly and then talk about the different supply modes and how we kind of work our way through that. So in gases, about 70% of our costs are really in three buckets: power natural gas the first, wages and distribution, the other two. Now really, energy cost increases are a part and parcel of the industrial gases business. I mean it’s something we manage every day. If power or natural gas costs go up, we make sure all our on-site contracts are passing that energy cost through. You can see that in our pass-through line, you see 6% year-on-year for the quarter, 3% sequential. And Matt said this earlier, it’s one of the highest in the decade. So that’s pretty high. But again, it’s part of kind of the norm of the business that we just run as we manage that on a day-to-day basis and pass it through. In parallel, our merchant and package businesses know what needs to be done. They’re out there in the field, pricing our products to cover these cost increases every day. There’s price escalation clauses, there are charges, surcharges, et cetera. So when you see that overall pricing line 3% year-on-year, 2% sequential, that kind of means merchant and package pricing is about double of that amount. I could tell you that across segments, I see a range somewhere from mid-single digits to low double-digit. Now clearly, not enough to cover the power inflation in the quarter itself, and we both referenced this in our remarks earlier. But we tend to have a lag of maybe one to two quarters to recover the full cost inflation. But you should know, we will continue to see pricing going forward, and we will recover that cost inflation as we’ve done over decades. So again, not something new. That’s kind of how we think about it. Wages is the other cost bucket I talked about. Something that we – I particularly keep a very close eye on and our team knows that productivity needs to offset cost inflation. I’m really pleased, and I’ve said this before with how we’ve embraced that productivity culture across this new merged organization, and I see progress in all fronts there. We allow this productive review in the next few weeks. I’m confident that the Linde employees across segments will have several hundred projects focused on efficiency focus on automation, leveraging technology to make our work streams even more efficient. So it’s an ongoing piece. It’s kind of in our DNA. It’s what we do and work through and wage inflation gets offset through a lot of activity that happens on the productivity side. Finally, distribution costs, I can’t say that we’re not seeing driver shortages and costs related to that. But I can also tell you that we have charges and surcharges in place today to mitigate that cost. Now more work needs to be done, clearly, particularly in hiring drivers, which is a bit of a challenge in the business but also in ensuring that each business is passing that cost inflation through. So again, all in, team is working to pass the cost inflation through. We currently see every element of that cost inflation is looked at by those teams, we reviewed at our GBRs every month. And they kind of do have done a fairly good job, but there’s more needed to offset the cost inflation in its entirety. And you should expect continued pricing and productivity to reflect that as we go forward. For the three different segments, I hope Bob I’ve given you enough color, but the on-site piece pass through it’s kind of direct action. On the merchant piece, there is a lot of work that happens on both the merchant and the package side, and we kind of leverage that on an ongoing basis. And again, going back into our history, if you go back, I don’t know, 20 years maybe, there’s never been negative pricing. We’ve always been pricing positive. And that’s just the way we run the business. And as I said earlier, managing cost inflation, energy cost increases in particular, part and parcel of an industrial gas business.
Sanjiv Lamba: Duffy, I’ll kind of cover that as you kind of made the question in two parts, right? Let’s talk about the business that deals with the hospitals and where we supply products. And as you know, our teams did a fantastic job in the course of the year, making sure that very, very critical medical oxygen needs were met across the world. And that business – we said this before, we’ve seen those medical oxygen volumes start to trend down. We’ve seen normal elective surgeries trend back up, and we’re seeing that kind of offset each other and see our view of kind of long – mid to long-term growth in health care, mid-single digits. And we are seeing that business trend to that over that kind of horizon. You see about 3% growth year-on-year in the first quarter. So I don’t expect anything exceptional over there more broadly, but we do see that kind of trending to that mid-single-digit number. As far as home care is concerned, we, again, saw some peaks happen. And with the COVID infections going up, we saw oxygen pick up. When you think about volumes on the home care side that tends to get offset then because some of the other businesses that we have tend to kind of not get prescribed as much, and therefore, you see that offset in volume. We kind of saw that. We saw nothing unusual. We’ve kind of seen that for the pandemic right through, and we saw that right happen through this period as well. Again, just as a reminder, I think that business deals with maybe about 150,000 patients, if I’m not wrong, 150,000 patients that we supported through the pandemic, ensuring that home oxygen was available to them as they came out of critical care and so on and so forth. So again, a good way of just contributing to the fight against pandemic, if you will. Pricing on that, there is some history there, Duffy. But essentially, the CMS and a lot of the – basically, the – in the U.S., in particular, the agencies have recognized the critical need of that. And we haven’t seen that competitive bid piece play out in the last two or three years, more than that now – actually, three-years plus. And I think there is some degree of stability on pricing in there at the moment.
Sanjiv Lamba: They do get an inflation adjustment that Matt pointed out earlier, Duffy, in case I have missed that.
Sanjiv Lamba: Sure, Jeff. So this is something that we’ve been doing for some time, Jeff. So it’s not new. And there are various parts of the world where we have the ability to source renewable and low carbon energy and power, in particular, and we’ve been kind of doing that and passing those costs through. You’re right. In some markets, we are more advanced than others. The UK is a good example, parts of Europe, a good example, where these are well understood by the customers, and that pass-through mechanism has been built in around that, and they accept that. There’s a separate stream of green products that are now coming out. And again, we’re getting premium for that. This is a very small nascent market. So I’m not going to stress too much on it, other than to just tell you that there is a growing demand, small at the moment, but growing where our customers for their own requirements because they want to be able to certify their products – end products as being having a green component are seeking green products from us, which we are able to provide because of some of the sourcing that we do. And there, you do get some premium. Again, it’s not exorbitant, but there is some premium over a normal product that we’d be able to provide. Now as we go forward, a large number of customers across the world, in fact, are speaking to us about how green are we going to be longer term in terms of our power sourcing. And again, there are two components to that, Jeff, that we need to always remember. One is that the grid itself is greening and we do see that. And the other is how actively will we go and get renewable or low carbon power. And I think that’s – those are the two elements that actually bring up that number that you talked about, the third that we have today and growing. And again, as the grid green, there is a broader momentum around that. So that gets picked up and that’s kind of reflected in the grid pricing that comes through. And where we do active there, I think, clearly, we have a blended rate that goes to the customer and gets recovered. The only thing I can tell you is that today, we’re recovering fully on our energy costs and our power costs, even with this blend of 35% renewable and local.
Sanjiv Lamba: Jeff, without getting to the numbers, the principle that I want to tell you is that we absolutely expect to recover the lag that we have from the previous quarter’s inflation that we’ve seen. And as a principle, you should expect that our pricing will ensure that, that lag is covered.
Sanjiv Lamba: Why don’t I start with Europe first. So the answer is, yes, there is a lot of activity going – ongoing on productivity generally, but more importantly, in Europe, specifically in a number of high-cost countries. There is a specific cost program that the European business is pursuing. You saw us take a restructure charge. I think it was the quarter before, and that is going through. So that will have consequences, of course, positively so on the margin that you’ve just referenced. And as far as APAC is concerned, you’ve heard me say this before, a lot of the businesses in APAC kind of embraced that productivity piece and have built a lot of momentum around that. There is an active activity at the moment globally, but APAC kind of trying to take a bit of leadership on this around seeing that a significant portion of that productivity comes from digitalization efforts. We believe digitalization provides the right booster for our productivity at the moment. And again, I’ve set some internal goals that they are pursuing quite aggressively, and I’m pleased to see the progress they’re making on that.
Sanjiv Lamba: So the simple answer to that Bhavesh is no. We are seeing underlying demand growth continue to be there. You saw that in the Americas, up 7%. You saw in APAC, up 7%. EMEA plus 2% and growing. So I can’t see, I can’t reference any demand disruption. I think we are on a solid kind of demand pattern at the moment. Impact really comes from supply chain issues and logistics and things like that.
Sanjiv Lamba: Absolutely. So it’s my favorite topic, so I’m glad you asked. So from a market perspective, I’d say it’s one of those end markets that I referenced earlier on saying that we won $1 billion of projects in the last year to serve top end customers, the top 1, 2, 3 in electronics to end markets with those wins. I’m also very pleased to say that I am confident that electronics will probably be the strongest growth contributor to our sale of gas backlog for the next couple of years at least, this year and maybe another two. So again, it’s an area that our technology and operating expertise carries a lot of weight. We have customer relationships that are very critical. It’s currently only 8% of our sales, Bhavesh, so not 18% but 8%, and I expect that to continue to grow, and I certainly see that at double digit.
Sanjiv Lamba: Hey David. So the way I’m looking at the backlog, and I kind of referenced a little bit around what we saw on the electronics side and what we see happening there. I’ll talk a little more about proposal activity because that feeds into that question, but this is my view. We’ve got a backlog of about $3.5 billion at the moment. We have about $1 billion of start-ups this year, mostly at the back end second half of the year, if you will. So $1 billion of that is going to come out of the backlog, and I’m glad it does because that starts generating revenue and profits for us. I’m seeing a fair amount of proposal activity as we speak. And that really gives me some encouragement to say, I expect that we’ll fill that backlog either be at this level or maybe a little bit higher by the end of the year. Just where is that coming from? So we’re seeing strong electronics opportunity pipeline. And I fully expect, as I said in a minute ago, that electronics will continue to be a strong contributor to our SOG backlog for this year and a couple more. So that’s kind of a good starting point. Chemicals demand also remains reasonably strong. We kind of see some projects coming up in that space that are – in addition to our more traditional projects, we’re also seeing methanol and ammonia projects come up in that space. So again, seeing a number of companies evaluate, the investments in those segments. So happy to see that progressing as well. On refining, we’re seeing requests for blue and green hydrogen studies ramping up significantly. Customers are also reaching, obviously, how we can help them kind of capture carbon. And if we can provide some services around that. So again, we see some opening up there as well. And then I mentioned to you the 300-odd kind of decarbonization projects overall, if you will, all of which kind of look like they’re moving forward. Some of them will come for decisions into the backlog this year. But of course, they have their own lead times that kind of have to be worked through.
Sanjiv Lamba: David, the way I’m thinking about this is I am seeing that trend down for sure and we are seeing normal health care volumes. So what happened was in hospitals, in particular, all surgeries came to a stop and the hospitals got dedicated or really primarily served COVID patients. As COVID infections and hospitalizations in particular, are going down, there are a number of very critical elective surgeries that have been postponed, which are now coming back and which need oxygen for their procedures. So we’re seeing that ramp back up. And that’s probably the best way to think about that, where we’re seeing that offset intrinsically in the health care volumes by itself.
Sanjiv Lamba: Hey, Laurence. So the simple answer to pricing is that whatever gap there is, we will recover that. So that’s kind of how we operate and look at this, and there is no gap at the end of that process. And hopefully, that helps. Talking about energy transition and industrial architect, it’s a great question. It merits a longer discussion. But in a nutshell, the way I describe it to you is, we think of the energy transition, and we see opportunity arise as a result of that, and we’re seeing that either through the blue ammonia, blue hydrogen route in due course, developments around green hydrogen, green ammonia as well. And we’re seeing different industries open up and different opportunities open up as a consequence of that transition. Coming to the portfolio rationalization piece, we kind of look at that anyway, irrespective of the energy transition. If there is some overlap there, obviously, that will get factored in. But irrespective of that, we kind of constantly look at our portfolio to try and understand positions that we feel give us the leverage that we want and look at. And you’ve seen that strategy being executed over the last year where we’ve exited a number of businesses, but also we’ve bought out minority shareholders in others where we know that we are able to do a better job and we can focus the team to kind of deliver on what it needs to deliver rather than get distracted by listing requirements. So all of that kind of plays in every day as our kind of strategy gets executed on that.
