Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Bob. That's a great question. I'm sure a lot of people are discussing that very fact as we speak, Bob. So you're absolutely right. Today, we do see that differential between green hydrogen to gray and blue hydrogen. Obviously, blue hydrogen somewhere in the middle, providing a more immediate scalable option. But green hydrogen, for it to kind of get to a point of inflection where adoption really happens, essentially, 3 things need to happen. The first, regulators across the world need to get to a view on what carbon tax, what carbon pricing or other mechanisms that create that incentive to go and do something about it are put in place. We can talk about what that range might look like, if you like. But that's a necessity. The second is, you've got to see the technology evolve and get down to a point where you're seeing significant reduction in costs. There are 2 costs for green hydrogen, as you're well aware, Bob. One is obviously renewable energy becoming cheaper. I know there's a lot of work happening in that space. And equally, we're doing a lot of work on the second option, which is about making sure that our planned CapEx comes down. So working through ITM on the PEM option as an example, but also making sure that efficiencies around that, the membranes improve sufficiently to give us a little bit of lift there as well. So all of those 3 things need to happen, Bob, for really adoption to happen, the inflection point that I referenced earlier on.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, P.J. So I appreciate that shout out. And with family in India, I'm kind of acutely aware of how challenging the situation is there. I want to take maybe just a couple of minutes, P.J., before I get to your question to just talk briefly about how proud we are over here on our team in India who are currently working round the clock to support hospitals, patients, saving lives. Everything they do, it's kind of focused on that. The teams also kind of reworked their whole operating philosophy to produce more than 3,000 tonnes per day of medical oxygen. That's almost tenfold of what we were producing and delivering just 4 weeks ago. So a huge amount of work has gone in there. We've deployed about 1,200 drivers on the road, serving about 1,000 hospitals in the country. There's been phenomenal work being done on that. I thought it's appropriate that I just take a moment to kind of cover that. Of course, being a global corporation, Linde globally has been able to help as well. We've air lifted 40-plus ISO containers. They are now helping the supply chains in the country and another 40 to go in the days ahead. Governments have obviously taken on many of our ideas. You've seen the Oxygen Express that's going around India. Also, that's something that we've helped put in place and using the armed forces, in many cases, to move oxygen across various locations in the country. So a country in deep, deeply challenging situation, but we're doing all we can as is appropriate. I also want to just maybe quickly add a quick word of appreciation for our teams in Brazil, Mexico, other Lat Am countries. Obviously, they didn't get the same kind of press. But the reality is they were faced with similar challenges and have done enormously good work to support hospitals and patients. So, I'm really proud that our teams across the world are doing their bit to support our communities through this pandemic. Now P.J., I'm going to kind of more specifically talk to your question on inflation. And our view on inflation, as you know, we price to a weighted average on inflation typically. And as we think about inflation, our kind of natural conclusion there is that we will see prices going up as inflation happens. And we are -- as you know, have a great track record of being able to do that consistently. In fact, even when inflation wasn't quite there, you've seen us perform on our pricing. Our history on pricing is positive if you go back 20 years as well. And that's kind of the DNA that the team carries to move forward on the pricing piece. So fully expect to see that happening as inflation does come into play.
Sanjiv Lamba: The only thing that I'd add is actually both EMEA and APAC are heading for that Americas margin, right? They're pretty competitive guys out there.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Matt. And Nicola, now moving on to the exciting H2 part of the question that you asked. So let me just take a step back and give you a sense of the projects we're looking at and then dive a little bit deeper and tell you where we see some of that kind of buildup that you were asking about. So we're evaluating at the moment between 210 to 220 opportunities individually. Some, as I mentioned, some very large megaprojects and down to the smaller ones as well. And we see, obviously, many of them progressing, some maybe not. And there'll be others that we will probably not want to do because they don't meet our investment criteria, so we'll be kind of selective about that as well. Now we see that spread focused in 2 specific areas primarily. I think mobility driving a lot is kind of well ahead, if you like, in its development. And then carbon capture and sequestration picking up, particularly in geographies which have oil and gas assets and, therefore, want to understand how best to manage the energy transition through this piece. To your exact point on which part of the value chain we see, I think in mobility, it tends to be a little bit of a balance between what we see around production versus distribution and dispensation. We have technologies across the entire value chain. So in many ways, we are really fortunate to have the ability to kind of be able to provide that holistic solution to our potential customers. On CCS, obviously, it tends to be a lot more on the production side, which is where the blue hydrogen piece, in particular, as a consequence of CCS, comes into play. I hope that gives you enough color to what you were asking for, Nicola.
Sanjiv Lamba: So David, on merchant pricing, we're kind of seeing low to mid-single digits in -- across the different markets that we talk about typically. Americas and EMEA tend to lead, as you've seen from their pricing numbers, and APAC is a little bit behind. But they are hearing this call and they know that I'm looking to them to show some improvement sequentially in the next quarter as well. So we're kind of seeing across the board pricing kind of move up. Now your point on inflation, I think I mentioned this earlier as well, David. With inflation, our pricing will go up. That's been traditionally how we've seen our pricing move. And we are well prepared and there are -- there is enough conversation within the organization already in terms of how we will be managing that. So I'd expect to see with inflation, pricing continue to move in line.
Sanjiv Lamba: Duffy, thanks for the question. I'm glad you asked it because my APAC team will be listening to this as well. So there is nothing structurally different that should fundamentally change the pricing targets that we've handed out to our teams over there. The market is a little bit different in terms of the distributor kind of model that is in some of the larger geographies over there. And in some cases, the level of on-site we have. But putting that aside for a moment, our view is pricing in APAC should hit the 2% target that we have as a corporation. And at the moment, I see progress happening. The 1% is disappointing. They know that. And my expectation is, sequentially, we'll see at least a 1% improvement in Q2, and I'm hoping to see 2% year-on-year in Q2 as well. So nothing -- there is nothing holding them back from that.
Sanjiv Lamba: And Jeff, let me move on and talk a little bit about the Singapore project that you mentioned. So as far as our project is concerned, we have obviously been impacted by COVID on the schedule itself. But we have been executing the project. We've been spending on the project. We have commitments in place, and the project is currently underway. Our first modules, in fact, very large modules, have now reached the site and are in the staging area. So progress happening as we speak.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Steve. That's a great point you make. And actually, we should probably have mentioned that on that slide. So well suggested. There are -- the way we think about renewable power, and you're absolutely right. We are one of the largest consumers in most countries where we operate. And therefore, we have, if you like, the collective ability to go and have those conversations with our power suppliers. And now what tends to happen on renewable power, if I can just take a step back, is to tell you that the grid by itself and many of these suppliers, as a consequence of conversations that we're having with them, are actually moving and the level of renewable power within the grid itself is continuing to grow. So that's good that we are seeing action from these larger players. In addition to that, obviously, we then go out specifically and sign up PPAs with renewable power kind of developers who, in some cases on a one-on-one basis, in other cases on a shared basis, we would then get into long-term contracts with, often providing them support for their broader project as well. And in each one of these cases, because of our incumbency, we have well-established methodology as to how we get pricing on that renewable power, whether it's in the circumstances of a grid or whether it's on specific PPAs as well. So that is a competitive advantage, you're right. And obviously, our incumbency provides that, and it's something that we focus on quite a bit as we move ahead.
Sanjiv Lamba: John, thanks for that question. I must admit that we are really proud of our small on-site portfolio. And something that we believe provides a really fulsome growth kind of opportunity for our businesses across the world. So there are a couple of ways to kind of look at that portfolio and see how that correlates to what we're seeing in the market. So we're seeing that growth not coming from COVID. There is no linkage to that at all. Most of these units are VPSA units, which are slightly lower purity, typically going into industrial processes. We do that for pulp and paper. We've seen a fair amount of growth in pulp and paper. We are seeing growth in some other segments -- ancillary segments around metals as well and glass and many others in fact. So I mean it is a widespread portfolio that supports a large number of different industries. I would say to you that it's a good pointer to industrial activity generally. I don't see a particular correlation for larger projects, if that was your question. But we do see this kind of correlate to industrial activity. And as people move, their consumption increases. These come into play.
Sanjiv Lamba: So John, just kind of commenting briefly on the level of activity we are seeing because that, in many ways, is that leading indicator. So we're seeing proposal activity increasing. We're seeing that increasing in the U.S. We're seeing it increasing across Asia. I think about China, South Korea, India, a couple of the ASEAN markets as well. So we're seeing a lot more projects. Now, a part of these projects are electronics. You've heard me talk about electronics before, what a strong growth we've seen in the quarter. And my expectation is that we will see a lot more of electronic project growth happen as we see these new fab buildups happen as well. They are progressing well. They are all on track, and you've seen a number of announcements, I'm sure, from TSMC, Samsung, Intel and so on and so forth. So those are all looking to be on track and part of that activity. I also have to say that the other piece I'm a little more -- I'm a little more positive on is the more traditional markets, steel, chemicals, refining, also project activity actually picking up over there as we see. So I'm not going to comment particularly on if we are seeing potentially this as a snapback. I see this as fundamental underlying activity picking up and translating them into projects that people are pursuing, and we are getting a chance to participate in.
Sanjiv Lamba: And Kevin, moving on to Uri then and just kind of briefly giving you a sense. So again, I think it's a good opportunity for me to just mention that our team in Texas did an outstanding job. They've managed to ensure that we shut down and started up safely, quickly. We were able to support our customers. And even in some cases, some of the players who are not our customers to just make sure that they remain safe and helping them with their start-ups as well. So our customers really have actually started up and are operational now, whether it's refineries, chemicals, all of them back online. And we're seeing volumes back to pre-COVID levels in some cases as well, particularly on the chemical side. Our bulk customers, again, I think we saw a quick turnaround over there post the winter freeze and again, with some support from us, our customers are back up and running. We see levels back to January already in that space as well. Refinery is probably the most specific one where you know that they have a longer lead time to startups. Even there, we were quite pleased to see that they were up and running in 3 or 4 weeks. And today, hydrogen volumes are about 12%. I think they're about higher than where we were earlier in the year. So again, it's been pretty good in terms of how that overall piece has been managed. I guess the point that the guys in Texas said to me, which I think holds here as well, is we're used to seeing storms, hurricanes, freezes. This is not new. This is something that we work on every year, and we've got a team that fully understands that and getting plants back online is significantly important, making sure our customers have the product available to keep them safe and ready to go. Now contractually, obviously, we are well protected, as you've just remarked. So that's one of the reasons we don't see a significant exposure, while we see some top line movement. But again, from March to April, we've seen that uplift come back fairly quickly as well.
Matt White: And P.J., this is Matt. I may just add one or 2 things to what Sanjiv said. I think as a reminder, as you well know, any commodity cost or inputs we have, we pass all them through. That's contractual. And then the only second thing I'd add is what we've seen in these patterns before -- and 2011 is a good example, I'd say 2006, '07 are a good example and even 2016, when you do see some rebound in commodities, our customers' volumes tend to increase a lot. Their consumption of gases also tends to go up. So we'll see to what extent you can see that as well. I mean we're starting to see parts of it. But that also tends to be a positive tailwind with just overall industrial activity.
Matt White: Tony, this is Matt. I could probably handle that and see if Sanjiv has any other input. So I think on the margins going up, yes, absolutely, we see it as sustainable. There's nothing temporary. And just to confirm, the deconsolidation had no effect on margins. Even if you look at the APAC in the appendix where we show kind of the effect, you can see the margins are pretty much the same. So the deconsolidation had no effect. And again, I'm referring to operating margins, obviously, as well here, operating profit. So we absolutely see it as sustainable. This is something that -- this is the hard work that everyone in the world is doing. This is about putting together quality business and making sure we run it efficiently and effectively. And as far as, as good as it gets, we get asked that question every quarter. But I would say this, and I've said it before, just look at the segments, right? When you look at the geographic segments of Americas, EMEA and APAC, there's nothing that is fundamentally different between those 3 segments. We do the same thing. It is a very homogeneous business. They supply across all 3 supply modes. They have end market distributions that aren't drastically different. So that kind of defines what the opportunity set is. And if you go back to 2018, Americas was 23%, EMEA was 17%. Now EMEA is over 25% and America is 28%. So you're seeing the improvement across the board, APAC as well, almost 25%, was 17%. This is part of what we're doing to run this business, and I don't see any temporary aspect. And I would say whichever segment is leading is kind of showing the way.
Matt White: Okay. Nicola, it's Matt. I can take the first one, and Sanjiv will take the second. So as I mentioned in the pre remarks, we really -- we just didn't touch it. Obviously, there's a lot of companies not even giving guidance today. We have a very high degree of confidence in what we're laying out and that we can deliver on that. But as far as the second half right now, we felt we would just leave it alone, adjust the year for what we've demonstrated and our view on Q2. But rest assured, 3 months from now, we will update that back half. And as I mentioned, if conditions hold, well, then, yes, we're going to do better than this. Obviously, if they improve, we could also do better. But for now, we just felt we'll take it kind of quarter-by-quarter, a little bit of a wait-and-see approach. And therefore, I wouldn't really look into too much other than that on the second half at this point.
Matt White: David, this is Matt. So I think right now, there's very little to any. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, most of the clean energy are in the base CapEx. So those 3 projects we highlighted are all base CapEx. And to Sanjiv's point, you're seeing a lot in either areas of mobility. This is more distribution assets or assets around the density that we're building in certain areas. So that is something that when they do come into the backlog, obviously, we'll note that. But at this point, the vast majority of what we're doing right now is part of that growth in the base CapEx.
Matt White: Jeff, I can take the first one, and Sanjiv here will take the second one. So as you well know, the spread of our price less cost inflation of productivity is a very important metric that is part of our operating rhythm that we look at, at every country at the lowest levels of detail because that spread is very important, how we manage that spread as the compound decades go. And every country is different, right? Every country has different inflation profiles, but the spread is something we constantly look at. So given in the first quarter here, obviously, we have the price at the top of the house at 2%. On our cost front, they were lower, as you probably saw, especially on the fixed cost just due to some efficiencies we were able to achieve. We're also achieving efficiencies in the variable cost. So the spread was probably a little wider in this first quarter. But nevertheless, on a go-forward basis, we always have to make sure we manage that spread, and we feel quite confident in our ability to do it. And also the things, the large commodity inputs since we pass them through, they don't create as much issues on that as you might see in other types of industries. So for us, it's really managing a lot of the fixed costs and the operating costs and the SG&A, which is part of what we do with this rhythm.
Matt White: Yes. And Steve, it's Matt. I can just add a few things as well. So as you may know, today, about 1/3 of our power is renewable already. So we've already been quite active in that space, and it's not something we built overnight. This has taken many years to get to that point. And as we mentioned, we will give a more wholesome ESG or fulsome, I should say, ESG update in the future. And this is an integral part of our ESG initiatives, especially around managing Scope 2 emissions is the renewable power effort. So this is something that we absolutely are actively doing. We have been doing for quite a long period of time, and we'll give further updates as it relates to that on our initiatives for ESG. And to your point, given our position, we are able to help these investments, and it's something we're actively working on and looking for today.
Matt White: Steve, there's never an end to being efficient and productive. So it is -- there is no end. It's something we have to continue to do and it's integrated to our culture. But as you know, we measure ourselves on our performance. How did we deliver? And that's always -- we gave you a number, as you know. But in the same token, we said, judge us on our performance. How do we expand margins? How do we grow EPS? How do we manage return on capital? How do we generate excess cash? How do we grow? Looking back in the 2 years, as we started this presentation, I think we've demonstrated, on a relative basis, that we've done a pretty good job. We've got a good start for the last couple of years. And so this is going to be the foundation for what we're going to continue to do going forward.
Matt White: I was just going to add one quick point to that. I think it's probably a little bit to Steve's earlier question. I mean, as you know, we never gave revenue synergies. That was not something we committed a number to. But this area was an area where when we brought both companies together, it really filled out the product line portfolio of the small on-site plants. And this is an area where I think we've had a very strong execution given the combination of the technologies and capabilities from the merger of the company. And I think the success rate kind of speaks to that.
Matt White: Yes. And so Peter, on the cash, yes, pretty solid Q1 cash. I think starting with -- when I think about operating cash flow kind of as a percentage of our EBITDA, we were almost high 80s this quarter. Normally, to your point, Q1 is seasonally lower. So I think it's a combination of a few things. I mean first of all, obviously, with EPS growing at 32%, half of the benefit just came from earnings. So as we continue to have strong earnings growth, that should flow right through the cash flow. The other half of the year-over-year improvement was mostly working capital as we had nets everywhere else. And we're just seeing strong performance around the world in terms of collections, management of payables, inventory, just managing the asset and liability base quite well. Engineering had a very strong working capital performance as well as they continue to manage their projects incredibly well under different -- difficult circumstances. As you look forward into the second half, I think it should just be a continuation of an earnings driven with tight working capital management efforts. So If we can continue to see kind of the strong results, that should flow through to cash. I mean cash is an integral part of our compensation. It's something that we track very diligently each month, and we're seeing the benefits, I think, of that effort, and we should continue to see the benefits of that effort looking forward.
Matt White: Yes, Geoff. So probably as stated before, I guess, 2 points. Number one, we fully continue to expect to price to weighted inflation. And since the second half guidance, we really didn't touch, it would be based on kind of a 3-month ago view. But as you know, last quarter, we had about a 2% pricing. This quarter, 2% pricing. Now you don't see the first decimal, but we are seeing a bit of improvement as inflation kind of picks up. But that's what the expectation would be. Just continue to price to the weighted inflation is what our views are when we look forward.
Matt White: Vince, it's Matt. So I think a couple of things. First, as we mentioned, right now, the vast majority of these projects are falling under base CapEx. And we would anticipate to continue to see growth in base CapEx primarily around either distribution, infrastructure-type assets to support and some production assets, whether it be electrolyzers or other kinds of hydrogen -- smaller hydrogen-producing assets. So from that perspective, I would model that 40% or more growth portion of the base CapEx might accelerate related to these initiatives. If there are any backlog projects, they would likely be announced in terms of being additions to the backlog. But I would say from a CapEx spend and benefit, we're not changing our investment criteria, it's the same. How we approach these is the same. And so I would just model it, just like Sanjiv said, it's incremental to the greater than 10% EPS growth rate that we're looking to do. And what we find and can add into this should be accretive to that over the coming years here.
Matt White: No, that would only happen as a function of any large projects. And I think from that perspective, we'll see. If they meet our investment criteria, yes. But that's something that we'd mentioned that we've got over 200 projects we're evaluating. And when we meet our investment criteria, we'll spend, and we should want to spend that CapEx. But we've shown, I think, with our metrics, that we keep our discipline and keep our approach, we should get the right growth and the right results.
Matt White: Kevin, it's Matt. I can do the first one and Sanjiv will take the second one. So my comment related to April, it was fairly broad-based. I would say, for the most part, what we've been seeing is recovery in developed markets on an industrial front. Some developing markets are still, in some areas, going through some challenges. But the expectation is probably by the back end of the quarter, we hope to see some industrial activity rebounding. But I would say it's, for the most part, incremental industrial activity, especially in certain developed markets that you're seeing in North America, especially places like Asia. It's really what's driving it, pretty much a continuation of what we've been seeing.
