Sanjiv Lamba: Mike, so this is Sanjiv. I just want to kind of first lay out the guidance point that Matt just talked about and then talk a little bit about what we see in the regions going across. So Matt pointed out that at the midpoint of our full year guidance, we have currently assumed there is no help from the economy at all. So that's a 0% kind of volume benefit that we're getting over there. And he's also suggested that you can go ahead and put your assumption on what do you think the economy is going to do and recognize where that end result might look like. If the economy does better than that, obviously, we'll do better. If it doesn't, again, to just kind of reiterate what he said, we will take mitigation actions, as you've seen us do previously.  Now I think I want to just kind of relate that and then move on and talk about the end markets and really give you a sense of how I see the three important segments that we have. I think that will give you a sense of what the market is currently looking at. So let's start off with the Americas. Strong underlying demand in there. We are seeing that reflected across all the key end markets we participate in chemicals and refining doing extremely well.  Healthcare has been flat, but you know there is an offset of increased elective procedures versus a slight decline, certainly in Latin America, if you will, on the COVID need for medical oxygen as well, which is a good thing in truth. And then we are obviously seeing semiconductor continue to see growth as well. Manufacturing and largely kind of manifested through our packaged and hard-goods side of the business doing extremely well, the U.S. package and hot goods kind of running at about -- well, double-digit growth for the quarter again, which has been fairly consistent over the last few quarters. I want to maybe highlight refining specifically, if I may, up about 30% year-on-year for us. Very strong, solid growth coming out of refining. Obviously, we're seeing -- that includes some start-up impact there for us as well, but we're seeing refineries run flat out. Utilization rates above 90%. Crack spreads at $38 at the moment, we haven't seen these levels in mid-2000s, if you will. So again, all looking pretty strong from the underlying demand patterns we see out of the Americas.  I'll move on quickly to APAC and just tell you that we see broad-based consistent underlying demand growth. I'm going to talk about China for a moment and briefly cover that as well. But broad-based across the rest of Asia Pacific and kind of reasonably strong and stable underlying demand as we see the markets today. China clearly, you're reading the press all about lockdowns, et cetera. We are seeing those lockdowns play out in Q2, if you will. I'm finding the on-site side of our business holding reasonably well. Yes, there is some impact on the merchant side, small and medium enterprises, obviously, a little bit more impacted over there. We did see the volumes kind of take a little bit of a drop early on in April, but they have stabilized, still a little bit short of where we expect them to be. My forecast is for the rest of the quarter, we aren't likely to see anything significant happen over there. And just so you know, we factored that into our guidance as well. Lastly, EMEA and that really is a bit of a wildcard, I have to tell you, I have been surprised by how the EMEA business has held up, the on-site volumes as well as the merchant side of the business, huge resiliency over there. Obviously, you know what's happening to energy prices, and you can see our pricing numbers in EMEA as well, making sure that we're pricing to inflation, even catching up on prior catch-ups that we talked about.  We said to you previously we kind of catch up on pricing over one to two quarters. You can see that come through. And obviously, the operating margins ex pass-through demonstrating that up 130 basis points year-on-year sequentially, 120 basis points, up across every segment that we have as well.  So again, pretty solid in terms of the quarter one. Really, I think the unknown of it there is what happens to energy more broadly. And of course, you hear the news about what happens to natural gas sourcing, et cetera. I'm not going to speculate there, Mike. Just as far as the underlying business itself is concerned and how we're managing it, I'm really pleased with how the EMEA guys -- the team is managing that and they are -- they will work through every contingency that happens. We've got a strong team over there able to do that. So it's a bit exhaustive as an answer, but I just thought I'd kind of give you that broader perspective.
Sanjiv Lamba: Absolutely, Mike. So the short answer to that is, yes, we are seeing a lot more proposal activity. On the sale of gas backlog, just a reminder, that about $1 billion of that is coming off this year, which means we are starting up projects, best kind of projects I like that get some bring revenue and earnings in the course of the year. So that's good to see. We're filling that back up with $1 billion more of project wins that we expect are kind of developing and fairly advanced.  And I expect -- I do expect actually that backlog to continue to creep up and move in the right direction. So yes, lots more activity and across a whole range of end markets as well, energy, refining, chemicals, electronics manufacturing. So again, broad-based, solid proposal activity, which I think will translate into wins. We just have to see how quickly we can lock that in. 
Sanjiv Lamba: P.J., that's a good question. Obviously, very topical at the moment. So what we are seeing is clearly the intent in Europe, even prior to this current crisis, the intent in Europe to move down the path of green. Obviously, that difference between green and gray is narrowing, certainly in Europe. The constrained -- so from a policy point of view, clearly, we see that there is greater momentum, if anything, coming out of this current crisis leading to that green road map.  The challenge, P.J., lies in the ability to scale up green production and the ability to access renewable energy and the ability to get all of that together to then produce hydrogen and find a carrier that makes it cost effective once it's landed at scale, and that's where the challenge lies. So we are, obviously, working closely with a number of different customers who are very keen to go down that path.  You would have seen announcements we made. We got 2 into 100 megawatts. So that's a 200 megawatt order from RWE to work to kind of get their energy balance up from a green hydrogen point of view. But again, all of those projects take time and the scalability continues to be a little bit of a challenge.
Sanjiv Lamba: P.J., sure. So let me just take a step back and give you the overview and then let's get into the details in terms of where we stand. So the overview is about one-third of the world's refined neon comes out of Ukraine and Russia, about a third. Most players around the world have that sourcing built into their model. We are lucky in that our refining capacities really sit in Germany and U.S. and free the entire world. So our kind of dependence on Ukraine and Russia is in the mid-teens, if you will, relative to other people being around at third. That positions us well.  Obviously, prior to all of this happening in terms of the war in Ukraine, last year, we'd already made decisions, recognizing that semiconductor growth and, in fact, even space were likely to make rare gas demand continue to grow. So we're going to see some of that capacity come online this year and some early next year as well.  As far as things stand, you referenced Germany and the U.S., we produce refined neon in Germany and the U.S. to multiple locations, which ensures that we're able to meet the entire global demand out of these locations. Of course, we can also meet all the onshoring needs that our customers like Intel, Samsung, TSMC, and others have in terms of coming out of either Germany or the U.S. as well. So we are very well positioned, and we are, of course, the largest producer of refined neon in the world. 
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Jeff. So the electronics wins that we had last year, Jeff, and you've heard me say this before in the last quarter as well. We did about $1 billion worth of project wins last year. And I may not have said this already, but I'm going to just say this now, which is that I expect that we'll have a healthy project backlog growth this year from electronics as well. So clearly, it does point to the fact that we are providing a solution to our customers that is very appealing for them. And that's really a combination. I think you hit on all of the elements within that.  We have some great technology. We've been able to take the relationships that we had with the practical relationship with Samsung with Linde's relationship with TSMC and both dealing with Intel. We've been able to take that and be able to kind of create both solutions, leveraging relationships and of course, operational excellence, which is critical as far as electronics business is concerned. Those fabs want to see highly reliable, extremely safe operations, and we are able to package all of that and bring it to bear to get those win rates up where we like to see them.
Sanjiv Lamba: I'm going to kind of touch on the principle of that and just kind of tell you how we look at that business every day, essentially, Jeff, as you've probably heard me say it before. So when we think about how we manage our business and how we leverage what comes at the top line right down to the bottom, we think about it, coming through our variable margin. So that's where the productivity measures kick in and then tight management of total cash fixed costs. That's something that gets attention every month. It's something that our guys are managing every day.  And as part of that, the sales and admin costs are something where we spend a lot of time scrutinizing. Now how does productivity play a role over there? Jeff, you've heard me talk about digital solutions previously.  One of the things we do extremely well around our productivity actions, particularly when it comes to the fixed cost piece, is actively provide a lot of digital solutions into that space to make sure you're automating, to make sure that you're taking out where possible you're taking our heads were possibly taking out effort. And I think all of that plays into that effort around managing your total cash fixed cost and within that, the subset being SG&A. I won't say to you that's rocket science there, Jeff. It's just the grind of managing that every day.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Nicola. So let me start off by just talking about the energy diversity actions that are happening across Europe, in particular, as we speak and the role we could play in that. So we have actually as you think about it, as more capacity gets released on the engineering side, we have now the ability to go out and provide a greater focus around supporting governments and countries in their search for that energy diversity.  So I clearly see us playing a role around the LNG development that happens, given that we have that core competence around that. And obviously, we are in dialogue at the moment with a number of governments in looking and developing projects that will help support that. Now that does take a little bit of time. As you know, these are complex projects, but we are pleased that we have a role to play in there. Of course, EUs focus and the rebar kind of effort and policy statements, clearly have set out the intent of how that diversified energy portfolio will become crucial. We talked a little bit about clean hydrogen earlier on. I do see that in all our discussions that we're having with a number of these governments that, that intent will translate into action.  I have to tell you that I am a little more optimistic now that there will be a role between green and blue. I think the recognition around the fact that blue hydrogen or blue ammonia will provide a good bridge to ultimately go in green, which is what we think a pragmatic policy direction would look like. I am seeing that there is a little more traction to that. And there is a general realization that scale up on blue can happen more quickly.  Now all of this does mean, however, that there will be a combination of local projects, many of which will be green and imported in the elements of carriers that will provide either ammonia as an energy source, as an example, or hydrogen itself, either piked or in liquid form. And we see again that there's greater openness to understanding how those logistical challenges will get dealt with across countries and kind of setting out regimes just as Germany has using contract for differences as an example, to try and make sure that they get access to these developments that happen elsewhere in the world, allowing that import market to actually be set up and build the infrastructure that then allows that distribution of that energy to take place as well. So all in, I'd say to you that Linde has a role to play, both from a point of view of the engineering that we can provide into that space and also in participating in the kind of downstream efforts that happen once that energy is made available. So I do feel good about that. I have to be honest and tell you, though, that all of this does take longer than people would like it to take. All of us would like to see this happen in the next few months, but unfortunately, these things tend to take years rather than months. Now just talking about the energy curtailment piece that you briefly referenced. Obviously, as you would expect, we have a business company planning effort in Europe across most of our countries, in fact. And in Germany, in particular, we have run a number of different scenarios. We are actively engaged with both the power and natural gas providers but also for the governments locally.  There is a -- as you would appreciate, there is a part of our business, the air separation side, where we are providing crucial products, including medical oxygen to hospitals, which gets prioritized by government. So we appreciate that they understand that criticality of that. And then on the other side, we don't have any direct exposure to Russian natural gas, but we do recognize that some of our customers will do that, and we are kind of working with governments and customers to make sure that we have those contingency plans in place. I can also -- I know the Polish example is top of mind for everyone. Just to give you a kind of sense on that, from our perspective, we will see a little more impact from those developments.
Sanjiv Lamba: Sure. So thanks, Nicola. I appreciate that question. I'm going to talk about Rocket for get excited about it and then touch on helium a little bit and wrap it up. So as far as rockets are concerned, aerospace for us represents about 2% of our sales. And at some point, I think we're going to designate its own end market. It's been growing strong double digits for us for quite some time. And Linde is the largest supplier in this entire sector. So we're quite proud of that.  Our rockets consume many gases. And while it's primarily liquid oxygen, liquid hydrogen, some helium, often liquid nitrogen for densification of the fuel that is used. We also use Crypton and Xenon to help satellites with their propulsion systems to keep them in orbit. In addition to that, the reason I get excited is because here, we're able to bring a full benefit of Linde's portfolio, and we provide atomized powders for advanced manufacturing or 3D printing as it were for specific components and parts. And we also provide some specialized coatings out of our PST unit.  So all in, it's kind of a comprehensive package of solutions that we can bring to these companies. And obviously, they greatly appreciate that. And I expect this to grow, as you can see from the number of launches you see in the news every other week now. So it's a good growth market. We are excited about it. We have some great tremendous solutions over a year and that really positioned us extremely well and the U.S. market is growing leaps and bounds. On Helium itself, as you know, Helium is short. There are two major components at the moment kind of driving that. There is BLM in the U.S., which has the most significant impact. And most people were banking on some helium coming out of Amur in Russia. And we recognize that, that's going to be delayed. So it's likely for the rest of this year. I expect helium to remain quite tight. We're obviously seeing that incremental costs and pricing reflect a lot of that as we speak.  So from our perspective, we didn't have any Russian helium in our sourcing last year. We have a good balance of sources across the world, multiple sources to exactly manage these kinds of issues that ultimately come up. So managing dozens of sources, ensuring that we kind of mitigate that risk and meeting our customers' needs is really kind of where helium is at, and we're seeing pricing trends hold up. I expect that to hold up for the rest of the year as well, given the tightness in the market.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Peter. So that is the point I was making, that I was really pleased to see how resilient the merchants, i.e., the bulk and the package side of the business has been right through the first quarter despite the fact that we had to put significant price increases through as a result of the energy cost increase that we saw.  So that's held up reasonably well, Peter, I'm hesitant to try and speculate what that market might do. There are, of course, a number of variables in that market. But I was surprised pleasantly that it had held and been quite resilient. And I have to say that as we move beyond the first quarter, that trend hasn't changed in any significant way thus far.
Sanjiv Lamba: Sure, John. So let me first clarify health care, and then let me talk about some of the other end markets as well. So on health care, we saw the trend was flat. And really, what I was emphasizing was in the developed countries I'm finding that elective surgeries are increasing. As you know, these have been kind of put on hold through the COVID period. They are all coming back. That's where a lot of the oxygen usage is there.  And then we're finding COVID volumes offsetting by declining, particularly in the emerging markets. So that trend is why we are seeing the flattish kind of volume around the healthcare piece. And I said earlier, I expect healthcare will be back at its kind of long-term trend of mid-single digit in due course. Coming back to your other question around pre-COVID levels versus where we are on all our end markets. And I'll say to you more broadly, most end markets across most geographies are at or above pre-COVID level. So we've seen good recovery. We've seen that embedded in those different markets. And we've been quite pleased to see that recovery. You saw most of that in 2021 as well. And clearly, the momentum, as you can see from that Slide 3 that I put up, there's a lot of green on that slide, which is a good sign, as you can see.  So if I kind of maybe pick up a couple. Electronics, no need to comment on that. As you know, it's well above pre-COVID levels and has been highly resilient and continues to grow. And as I said earlier, I expect that growth to continue. Momentum around investments is still there, and we are winning more than our fair share of that. So I feel good about that. The ones that I think people kind of are watching carefully, chemicals and energy, again, very strong market movement over here. We are finding that 17% year-on-year growth, pretty solid number out there, John. But also, as I think about our footprint in the U.S. and just to emphasize this, this is where I see the growth going to be as we go forward.  That is crucial because the U.S. refiners and the U.S. chemical companies have a natural advantage from competitive natural gas pricing that gives them that ability to export into market elsewhere, where that energy price increases make local production a lot less competitive. And I expect that momentum to continue in the mid- to -- so I'll say next 2 to 5 years, if you will. Metals & Mining, again, impacted really around the Chinese curtailments, the dual control policy, et cetera, which is helping the rest of the world pick production up. And again, I am seeing continued investment in that space. We will see some decarbonization efforts happen in that space as well, which will provide a different kind of growth for us. But notwithstanding that, again, we expect to see that continue.  Manufacturing is where a lot of people have questions, obviously, supply chain challenges, chip shortages for auto, et cetera. And again, the underlying growth over there, the underlying demand looks solid, and we feel good about where that stands today. Obviously, we'll have to watch carefully how IP develops, and that's going to kind of be driven in part by how manufacturing continues to demonstrate that resilience.
Sanjiv Lamba: Mike, the number of projects that held around 300 that I spoke about last quarter as well. What tends to happen is really the portfolio of projects churn quite a bit. As you would expect, and we are adding some larger projects. I'm really pleased that on the industrial side, I'm seeing a lot more activity. That's right in the wheelhouse. We are incumbent in many of those positions. We are working with existing customers and that really gives me a lot more confidence.  And as you know, we are very discerning around the projects that we want to do because we feel that we want to have an offtake or part of that kind of contractual positioning around clean energy, and then we need to have the ability to be able to serve that, whether it's blue or green from technologies that we can access easily and have a demonstrated operational capability on.  You put all of that together, that's kind of what's leading to that $5 billion number. I wouldn't read too much into $4 billion and $5 billion, to be honest. The absolute number is in 20s. We put a fairly stringent probably the adjustment to that portfolio to get to that five. It's likely more than 5, to be honest. And I feel good about the quality of projects we are seeing. And there is -- you're right in pointing out that there is a higher degree of certainty around those as we continue to work with our customers and partners on them. 
Matthew White: Yes, sure. Kevin, I can just add a few points to that. I think as far as the outlook, it's probably safe to say we're overachieving with what some of your expectations probably were. And the obvious answer is we're growing earnings faster than our capital base, but I think the underlying thing to take into consideration is we are less capital intensive than I think people realize. We have a lot of avenues of growth that don't require significant capital.  We're demonstrating that through our end markets. We're demonstrating that through our supply modes of package and some of the other services we have, and we see a continued opportunity to see expansion of return on capital through significant growth that does not require significant capital.  Now of course, we have great opportunities for large projects that we're going to pursue and that we're going to win. But we also have a very diverse business that allows us strong year in, year out growth without the need of significant capital. And as far as the inflation impact on what you asked, we get asked this question when rates rise, when rates fall. We get asked over and over again, and we have the same answer, which is we take a very long-term view.  When we lock in these projects, these are 15-, 20-year views, and we don't try to estimate what inflation or rates will do, rather, we protect ourselves against inflation on how we contract both on the execution and the long-term fees that we will charge for facility fees. So given that we build a model that is independent of what Fed do around the world and how inflation is structured. And I think our results recently have demonstrated that. And I think our results, during the disinflationary periods, post the great financial crisis showed that. So from that perspective, we build it agnostic of it and just to generate value for the long term.
Matthew White: Sure, Kevin. So to be clear on how we did this, it starts with the guidance. And what we want to do in the guidance, as we stated, is by the second half remove any impact from Russia and that includes projects or our business in the gas, which is about 1%. As we stated on the prepared remarks, it's a fluid situation. This is something that we are committed to scaling back. We're committed to reducing our footprint, obviously, following all the sanctions and it's something that we're continuously working on, but we wanted to take the prudent and conservative view of removing that impact going forward.  As we stated, the gas business is about a little less than 1% of sales and corresponding operating profit and assets. In the Engineering business, obviously, you saw the effect of the backlog of those projects, and they're continuing to work through. From a cash perspective, I'd separate into two pieces. There's, obviously, the normal aspect, as I mentioned, where when you wind down projects in this type of percent completion business, it is a normal outflow. That is a normal part of this business. You get paid up front. And then as you work the project down, you pay your vendors and you cover the cost to build that project. We fully expect that same effect. It will just be on a more accelerated path than what it normally would have been.  Separately, on the deposits that we have upfront at this stage, we see the need for them. That is something we don't see a significant effect other than obviously working through paying vendors and paying the cost to wind down the projects. And as I stated, we still anticipate that operating cash flow to EBITDA will be low to mid-80s for this year, considering all these items. So that's how I think you should think about it and model it.
Matthew White: Peter, sure. So I can say we have very healthy cash flow. As you know, we follow our very disciplined capital allocation policy, which, to repeat for those on the call, is we have a mandate to maintain an A, raise the dividend. Our priority is to invest in the business and all the excess cash goes to our buybacks. And right now, we still have a lot of excess cash. We expect a lot of excess cash and we have the $10 billion authorization program.  So to your point, we did about $1.7 billion or so in Q1. We are in blackout right now into the 10b5-1 just given we are into the earnings. We'll be active again come Monday. And yes, we will continue to sweep excess cash to the buybacks and we see that as a great opportunity right now, frankly, based on the pricing. So we will be active, and we will be in the market every day. 
