Sanjiv Lamba: Sure, Mike. Let me start off by just kind of going back and telling you how the EMEA business have been looking at actions they need to take, management actions. So the underlying impact that we're seeing come through is driven by two levers: pricing and productivity. Productivity are actions that they've been undertaking for an extended period of time, as you're aware, we've talked about it over the last couple of years now. So they've reset their cost base effectively and continue to do that every quarter. That obviously has an impact on the run rate that you're seeing going forward. But more importantly, we're obviously seeing some upside from pricing come through. And you might recall, if you go back late 2021, when inflation started moving up, we'd explained to you that there is a catch-up that happens around pricing, particularly around merchant and package businesses. Of course, in the current environment, when energy costs are coming down as an example, we're getting some uplift as a result of that as well, which you can see in that pricing number pretty impressive 13% that they have posted. So you have to keep those in account as you think about EMEA's business, but underlying performance driven primarily around pricing and productivity.
Sanjiv Lamba: So David, I've mentioned briefly when responding to Mike earlier on that, in terms of pricing, as we've explained before -- I'll take a step back and just remind you that when we think about pricing, we think about a pass-through mechanisms, that is the on-site contracts, where we have a direct correlation between what happens to costs and energy costs in particular, but inflation and how we pass that through. The balance is also a pricing mechanism. We've explained previously as inflation was picking up in 2021, that there is usually a lag that happens at the beginning of that cycle. We are now at the back end of that cycle where you're seeing energy costs go down. And again, that same lag applies over here. We've said the lag is between one to two quarters, and we're seeing a little bit of that lag and benefiting us, of course, in terms of the pricing that we are seeing on the merchant and package side of our business. Of course, pricing takes a lot of hard work, as I've said previously on a number of occasions and our team over there has done a tremendous job in making sure that we continue to push that base price through. And of course, instances where we have surcharges, to the extent possible, we have a continuous process of converting those surcharges into base product pricing, ensuring that we have those price numbers that pricing action stick longer term as well.
Sanjiv Lamba: So, in terms of EMEA volumes, what we are seeing -- I'll tell you, clearly, year-on-year, we are seeing some softness in EMEA volumes, tends to be around the on-site business, in particular, chemicals and energy more specifically. On the on-site, I'd have to say sequentially, we are seeing a little bit of a pickup. It's slight particularly around metals and steel production in EMEA. So there is a little bit of a movement. Sequentially, on-site volumes are up just a little bit. So that's kind of on the on-site side. Merchant and package has been pretty flat. Now, that's good news, because we are obviously watching to see industrial activities pick up with the relative stability in energy costs that we're seeing. And as that happens, we will see some volume leverage come through in the rest of the year. Of course, we're tracking this carefully. I'm not going to try and predict what's likely to happen in Europe, given the many factors that are at play. But if that happens, we are well positioned to kind of find the leverage around our base volume growth that's likely to happen as a consequence.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Peter. So on pricing, I can say to you that you've seen robust pricing over the last three quarters, consistently across all our segments, and I think we're pretty happy with how pricing has played out. I'm not going to get into the details around what is specifically happening around medical or healthcare piece. Again, across the board, most of our businesses, most end markets have seen strong pricing growth. And I think we're pretty satisfied with where we are, and we tend to lead the industry as far as that pricing growth is concerned. In Europe, package, that's a great question. I think we watch this very carefully. The good news is on the volume side, those volumes have been holding well and have been very resilient through the last 18 months or so. So that's really been an important piece. Pricing has been very good. I mentioned EMEA pricing more broadly. Clearly, the package side of that has benefited from that as well and has shown strong pricing performance over that entire period; including the first quarter that we are now referencing. I certainly expect to see, as industrial activity picks up -- so an important factor in all of that was stability in energy costs. That seems to be in place at the moment, Peter. I think it's still open what longer-term impacts there might be. But at least in the short to medium term, we are seeing that stability play a role in some level of -- a very slight pickup, if you will, in industrial activity across the board and that certainly helps the merchant and package business. So I would expect to see that volume trend play out as we see those developments continue.
Sanjiv Lamba: Okay. So let me start off by just, kind of, providing a headline that says as far as pass-through is concerned, there is no impact on our operating profit in dollar terms. It's kind of adds to the top and it doesn't add anything to the OP. And when it's on its way down as it is at the moment, it goes away from the top and doesn't add any dollars from an OP point of view. Of course, it does impact the margin numbers and the mathematical combination of the margin does improve as a consequence of that when you're on a down cycle as far as costs are concerned. Addressing your specific question, contractually, we're able to manage the pass-through on, I would say, what I would consider a real-time basis. So effectively, our contractual invoicing methodology would allow us to pass it on every week, fortnight or a month, depending on how the contracts are structured. There isn't any significant lag, as I mentioned, on the pricing action for merchant and package where there tends to be a lag of one to two quarters, not in the case of pass-through.
Sanjiv Lamba: So Mike, at the moment, I think, I referenced this earlier. We've got about just under $2 billion. That's what the slide would show you in the sale of gas. We got about just under $2 billion of backlog coming out of decarbonizing projects, if you will. Our expectation is that in the next two years to three years, we will be making investment decisions anywhere between $9 billion to $10 billion worth. This is based on the projects we're developing, which are further advanced than others. And those decisions, depending on the ones that we pursue and win and sign up will then get moved into the backlog and would then start providing the impact that we look for once they start up in due course. So you can expect the backlog to continue to grow. I do not expect it to peak up and down. I expect it to be a reasonably steady growth in the backlog over the years ahead. And that decision -- those decisions that we make in clean energy projects that I've referenced before of anywhere between $9 billion to $10 billion over the next three years will determine what finally happens in that backlog.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Kevin. So the last time we spoke about this, I mentioned that there are two ways in which we look at the storage, the capture and storage of CO2, particularly for blue hydrogen projects in the US. And really, that's driven around the IRA benefits that come out of 45Q providing that $85 per tonne of CO2 to be captured and sequester. And the two models I mentioned was a tipping fee, i.e., where Linde would on the capture and would create a pipeline that would then provide that CO2 to a partner who would take a tipping fee and sequester and manage that storage on the ground. The other option was for us to sell the CO2 that we have and allow the partners to take the benefit of whatever tax credits that come as part of 45Q through their ownership of the carbon capture and sequestration process and the assets that they build in order to achieve that. We've mentioned that we were in conversations with a number of players. And as you read from the announcement, we selected and worked with ExxonMobil to continue down that path. That's where the OCI -- the CO2 coming out of the OCI assets and the production of blue hydrogen would be passed on or offtaken by ExxonMobil and sequested to buy them and manage long term. As we think about new projects and that we are currently developing, we have an opportunity to work with partners, including ExxonMobil and others to look at it on a case-by-case basis, given that we have a well-established model with ExxonMobil, we will pursue that with them, but it does depend, in some extent, to some extent, on the geology and the infrastructure available for us to be able to sequester this in dorms on the ground and therefore, we will work with other partners as well in the US to kind of progress and move forward on that basis. As far as cost recovery is concerned, the 45Q credits are reasonably well understood. The fact that for the first five years, we have a direct pay mechanism that for the balance period of seven years to make up that, we have a tax credit that goes below the line, I mean, recognizing that we're trying to build as much flexibility into the operating models that we want to pursue in those conversations we're having. One of those has been decided with ExxonMobil, the others will just follow and we've kind of worked that on a case-by-case basis.
Sanjiv Lamba: John, that's a very complex question. I'm not sure I'm going to do justice to it in this call, but I would say to you, there are three things that we are considering. Clearly, when we think about the thermal power plants, they have a couple of avenues to work through. What we're seeing in Japan and Korea, as an example, is ammonia lending. So it is possible they currently have a number of pilots successfully operating there going up to 20% to 30% of ammonia in thermal plant usage to bring down emissions by a significant amount. So yes, I do believe that we will see some level of ammonia blending as part of the development to manage emissions around thermal power plants. The other piece that is obviously being worked on at the moment is to see if direct injection of on into new power turbine would be effective. Again, there's a 40-megawatt part turbine that's currently operational, being piloted on this. Initial results seem to suggest that it looks promising. And therefore, I would see ammonia potentially benefit longer term as a direct power source for such path turbines as and when they get kind of deployed and installed. Lastly, there is always the option to consider, right? It's hard to abate. But there's always the option to consider given the geology in the US in particular, the opportunity to try and capture even though it's small kind of levels of CO2 in the emissions to try and capture that and sequester it as another option, particularly made a little more attractive with the 45Q tax credits that become available as well. So we think there will be a combination of things that will happen. We are working with OEMs on the ammonia injection. We're working with partners to look at ammonia development to support that injection, but all of that will take time to play out.
Sanjiv Lamba: Chris, you're right. So, I mean when we go back and look at what we put out earlier on when we talked about the $30-plus billion we said decarbonizing our own operations, to invest about $3 billion. We have about 11 assets in the US Gulf Coast that we think would qualify for that. there is active work happening. And in fact, later today, I'll have a discussion on one of those first projects that we're looking in that space. I'd be upfront and tell you that I'm looking at a combination of two things when we make those decisions on that $3 billion that we talked about. Obviously, the timing is in our control. But what I'm looking at is to make sure that we have an asset that has a long-term contract underpinning it, so that I have the ability to generate blue hydrogen and provide that back into my customer network. And the second is to just make sure that I have an effective project that meets that investment criteria we set out. While I'm clearly committed to reducing our emissions for Scope 1, which is what happens when I decarbonize our own operations. At the same time, I'm also committed to making sure that we provide appropriate returns to our shareholders as a consequence of putting assets or money on the ground in terms of assets. We're trying to match those two to make sure that we have customers who have willingness to offtake the blue hydrogen and allow us to then go ahead with projects like that. I certainly expect to see that momentum building up in the next five to seven years, we'll see a lot more of that happen.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Mike. Both good questions. So let me start over the US packaged gas business. And again, just to kind of recap, we had double-digit sales growth in the quarter. So that is pretty solid. Even base volumes for both gases and hard goods grew mid-single digits. Now I'd say within the hard goods space that we did see towards toward the back end of the quarter, we saw particular equipment which you are referring to, that growth was starting to trend down. Still growth year-on-year has started to trend down a little bit. And I expect that we will continue to see that as we move forward as well. So I think those -- I mean, that's the leading indicator, as you've pointed out, and we're obviously watching it carefully. I'd say to you, I'm not going to try and speculate but there will be a recession and of that state to you that whatever we're seeing at this point in time would suggest, and if there is a little bit of a downturn, it is going to be just that a little bit of a downturn. But we'll wait and see what the economy really does and track that. As far as nexAir is concerned, firstly, very happy with the fact that we closed it. As you know, we announced that it has about 400 million in top line. We have a great platform in our LG&E business, the Linde Gas and Equipment business that we run in the US, which manages our packaged gas to integrate onto that platform, to get benefit from synergies and particularly that part of country is seeing a lot of inbound investment, and we see that through the nexAir footprint that we now have in the geography in Southeast US as being very healthy, as we see new projects emerge and that should drive growth and provide an opportunity for us to cross-sell more into the established network that already exists. As far as further consolidation, Mike, I'm all for going and getting as many tuck-in acquisitions as we can. I don't think we can do many large ones. I'd love to do them if we could. But I think between FCC and other -- I don't think that's a climate that affords that. But all small tuck-in acquisitions, we continue to do. We do a number of these every year, and I certainly expect to see as many if not more this year.
Matt White: Thanks Nicola. So again, just to remind you, we -- I talked about earlier in my remarks, 200 -- more than 200 projects that we are currently developing. The whole segment that for you is by application that should help. So there are three key buckets in which we see these projects being developed. There is a mobility bucket. Then there is industrial application and the ones in our wheelhouse, the ones where we are currently working with existing industrial customers to help them decarbonize and then the last piece is really around energy and power, where hydrogen or its carrier, ammonia or methanol will play a role. So let's split them down when I think about a $50 billion, let's flip them down and say, well, mobility is around 10% of that. We see industrial applications, really the dominant part of that opportunity set at about under the balance is large, but fewer projects around energy and power. So that's one way to think about it. As you know, and as you mentioned, Nicolas, we've already reached out and said previously $30 billion plus in the U.S. driven, of course, with momentum coming out of the IRA driving a lot of that development. So you see the balance $20-odd billion that we're talking about outside of the U.S. We're seeing growth opportunities in our pipeline out of the Middle East. We're seeing growth opportunities come out of Mainland Europe, some in the U.K. And then, we are seeing a little bit of a buildup happen out of Australia and Asia, and it does look like they will be behind the curve relative to what the U.S. and Europe is likely to see.
Matt White: Sure, Jeff. So as you think about the evolution of the hydrogen market, there are three aspects to keep in mind. The first that a lot of the development around clean hydrogen is driven through a range of partnerships. And you'll recall, when Linde laid out our strategy, we said that partnerships are a key component of that. And you heard me speak earlier and mentioned that ExxonMobil will be a partner for us as we look at sequestering the CO2 downhole as well. So just to keep in mind that, that's one of those developments, and we are actually partnering with a number of players, including IOC's and NOC's that have an intent to try and develop their own projects around hydrogen because they're lean on us to provide either technology operating experience or indeed, sometimes the benefit of our network. So that's one. The second thing to keep in mind is we have the ability to leverage our existing infrastructure that we have built over decades that supports that $3 billion business that we have in the US Gulf Coast. And really, I think that's where a competitive advantage for Linde turns up. Very often, other partners or potential partners reach out to us because they recognize the impact and advantage that we carry as a result of that infrastructure investment and want to partner with us as well. So that's the other piece to kind of keep in mind. The last a number of players will want to decarbonize their operations. And what you're speaking about the specific example, Jeff, is driven around decarbonization of their operations in Baytown. Here, what they're attempting to do is to actually produce significant hydrogen. You mentioned one billion cap. And a large portion, if not most of that will actually go into decarbonizing their own operations, obviously, the support from 45Q makes that more attractive, makes the hydrogen going as an input into their crackers into their chemical systems, downstream and to the refining systems, a lot more attractive from a pricing point of view. And you're seeing that is a development that's happening. I'm pretty hopeful that we will have a role to play in those projects that people like ExxonMobil and others will undertake through the provision of our technology and operating capabilities as well.
Matt White: And Jeff, this is Matt. Maybe just one other thing I'd add. I think another way to think about it is -- when you look at the hydrocarbon market today for transportation and energy, it's somewhere in the order of a $6 trillion market. My number may not be exact, but it's something in that order. And when you look at the industrial gas industry, our participation in that market is a fraction of a percent. So in my view, a lot of that $6 trillion market is what is being addressed and potentially converted to things like hydrogen, and so if that happens, I think that actually creates opportunities in areas that we had a very, very small participation in, in the past. But time will ultimately tell.
Matt White: Duffy, I'll start off by just talking about the clean energy projects. And I think the important thing to remember there is that these projects have a life cycle that they need to go through before they get announced, there is no way to predict what types of announcements and frequency of announcements you will see on these projects. I think important to maybe remind you of just the project development stages that go through. So typically, a project of this size will go through a feasibility study followed by a pre-FEED, followed by a fee, which is where you actually get to a point where you've got the quantities and the investment requirements in place based on the detailed engineering and design, which results in the FID. That all of those stages put together, would take anywhere between 18 to 24 months, in some cases, if it's a complex projects stretching up to two and a half years. Beyond that, you will then see another two and a half to three years in execution before final start-up happens. So that's the way I think about the frequency that you would expect to see projects. These projects have been under development for a while, and you kind of continue to see those announcements reflecting the different stages these projects are at.
Matt White: And as far as the guidance, Duffy. So I'll start with -- and as you probably know, when you think about two economic metrics that might be proxies to think about would be industrial production and then CPI translation. I'm not going to tell you what we think because whatever it is, it's wrong, nobody knows what the future will bring on that. But what I can say is we continue to internally focus on a model that can quickly adapt to whatever does happen. And clearly, we're seeing inflation continue to be elevated, and we need to make sure that we can locally manage that through our contract structures to capture that inflation through pricing to make sure that we can continue to stay on top of that. On the volume side, we are well positioned to capture when it recovers. As you know, we are a contractual business. As Sanjiv mentioned, we demonstrated that in 2021 with the recovery if and when that comes back, we will be very well positioned to do that. But for now, we just left out this sort of at no improvement view, similar to what we've been doing over the last two to three years, and we'll see how it plays out. But I feel quite good that no matter what it does bring, we'll be prepared to quickly adapt and manage it.
Matt White: Sure, Vince. This is Matt. Specifically to Q1, you may recall for pretty much the month of January, we were officially blacked out from any buybacks at all, given the nature of the merger structure that was used to do the delist. So we lost about a month or so, and therefore, we had less days to act, but we did get pretty, I would say, aggressive leading right up to it and as we saw some good opportunity there. But looking forward, it really is just going to be a consistent approach to our long-standing study simple capital allocation model. And to reiterate for those on the call, it starts with our underlying mandate, which is we're going to maintain a single A rating and grow the dividend every year. That is a mandate -- and then our priority after meeting that mandate is to invest in the business. And that is anything that meets our investment criteria. It's acquisitions, it's decaps, it's projects, it's base CapEx. We treat them the same as we should because these are long-term investments and we need to evaluate them on risk return against our core model. And then whatever is left over is going to be buybacks. So based on our current cash profiles, we continue to have substantial capital left over. And therefore, we will be buying in the market pretty much almost every day. And as we continue to see opportunities, we'll step that up. But that capital allocation policy will be very consistent through good macro times and bad macro times, and that's something that you can rely on for us for the long haul.
Matt White: Sure. This is Matt. I can handle that. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, and first of all, our approach is very consistent in how we've been approaching this for the last couple of years, frankly. And we believe our view of the economy is not going to be any more accurate than anyone else's. So we'll just put a baseline there and no improvement and let you put your house view in whatever that may be. So in the case of if the macro deteriorates, we will take actions to mitigate. Clearly, we saw that in 2020 and we took actions. And you may recall, our full year EPS growth rate in 2020, it was close to 12% growth rate. So those actions did help mitigate what was a pretty unexpected macro decline from the pandemic. Similarly, last year, in 2022, we saw some macro softness related to the energy crisis and obviously, the invasion. And so given those, we have a track record of being able to act in case those disruptions happen, and as I mentioned to Duffy, that's how we build our operating rhythm is to be able to quickly respond when things are different in the macro than what was expected. So, I view this the same, time will tell. But given our base is very local, we can react locally to what happens locally because, as you know, the macro and every country may be different. And that's how we need to approach it.
Matt White: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Sanjiv. So Geoff, I can start with when you think about engineering, it follows what's called percent of completion accounting. And the basics of that, for the most part, we get paid in advance. So it's negative working capital, which is a good thing. And essentially, what happens is the customer will pay us in advance of a project, and then we will debit cash and then we'll credit what's called a contract liability. And then over time, we work against that contract. And then as we recognize that work, that would go to the income statement and then we would reverse a portion of that liability and it would go and be recognized as revenue. And in a normal project, that's about a three, maybe four year very structured, very well disciplined and defined engineering build rate. And that's what you've seen from us essentially since the merger, right, for the last four years. In the case of the sanctioned projects that obviously created an event where we needed to immediately stop all work in Q2 of last year. Now the good news is our contracts address this. They have what's called a suspension clause, but you can imagine in these contracts, what we do primarily is what's called E&P, Engineering & Procurement. We really don't do much construction. So with the E, that's our labor internally and the P are things we are procuring around the world from vendors in China or Europe or the United States. So when you get a contract in suspension like we've had due to sanctions, you have lots of work you've accomplished, but you have to go through a process to determine at what point and how to build that with the customer. So that takes time, sometimes many quarters, and it could be very lumpy. And so that's what's creating this volatility. And what you'll see in the 10-Q when we issue that later today, is the total contract liabilities for engineering as of the balance sheet date, so end of March stands at about $4 billion. So again, what that means is we received $4 billion essentially in customer payments, of which we have yet to work off. Now within that, 1.8 billion are specifically part of projects that's been sanctioned. So that's kind of the number we're working with in -- within that 1.8, $1.2 million is one specific project called RCA, that will probably take some time to address. My view is it could be a year or more. So it's the remaining $600 million that are a handful of projects that were substantially close to complete, we've done a substantial amount of work. And that's the portion that will probably create some volatility looking ahead in the next few quarters as we resolve. But I would say all in, these are projects that had good contracts. We were paid in advance then we've done a substantial amount of work and it will just take time to get the final recognition given the process of suspension that the contracts address.
