Steve Angel: Thank you, Juan. This is our first full quarter operating as one company. As you can see we posted strong financials and raised guidance again for the full year. I'll come back to our expectations for the second half later. The sale of gas backlog of $4.7 billion has increased considerably as a result of the ExxonMobil Singapore project added this quarter. The Linde Engineering third-party backlog also remained strong at $5 billion bringing the total amount of project work to nearly $10 billion. We think a 50/50 relationship between sale of gas and third party is a nice balance. Our focus continues to be on sale of gas, but we certainly want to take advantage of all the good third-party business available to us. The sale of gas project proposal pipeline still has some momentum, driven primarily by petrochemical activity in the U.S., but also in Asia. Some milestones during the quarter. We deployed $1 billion to shareholders between dividends and share buybacks. We completed our squeeze out of the remaining shareholders of Linde AG. We closed on our South Korea divestiture and have reached agreement on one of the Indian divestitures. We now expect the value of our Asia divestitures to be in excess of $1.7 billion, which is higher than originally anticipated. We are making good progress on our cost synergies and restructuring initiatives. As expected, the timeline is more extended in regions like Europe where we need to engage the works councils on our restructuring plans. Having said that, discussions continue to be constructive. Integration is going well. The organization is set. Voluntary turnover remains at low levels. There is a high degree of energy and collaboration. The organization is adapting well to an accelerated operating rhythm. We have early wins we can point to in practically every area. There is a strong pool for best practices, technology, and client capabilities. In short, the organization is excited about the potential for our new company. Regarding the macro going forward I'm sure you're going to think I'm too cautious, too pessimistic. Maybe I am but this is a scenario that can easily play out. Let's start with Asia. Though a good result in Q2, I see more tepid volume growth going forward. China growth is slowing. The key PMI indicators are sliding. IP has been trending down and key metrics such as electricity consumed for industrial of production was only 0.5% higher in May. And for the entire economy electrical consumption was barely over 2%. China is slowing and so is the rest of Asia. The good news is project start-ups will provide some nice lift for us beginning next year. Europe. I see weakness across the Eurozone. Industrial production for June was negative 1.3% year-over-year. The fact we serve diverse end markets mitigates against this impact and we had a good self-help story. But the macro headwinds are clear. The Americas. Solid quarter in Q2 as pricing and merchant volume growth buoyed results. However, cylinder gases volumes, which primarily serve metal fabrication markets flat-lined in Q2 as hardgoods turned negative. However, pricing continues to be a good story here. After a sluggish start on the year due to a shortage of Venezuela crude, hydrogen volumes are improving as refiners take advantage of favorable margin spreads. Overall, we expect slowing growth with solid price attainment for the remainder of the year. Obviously, if the underlying global economy does well, we will do well. If it falters, we still have a resilient business model and a strong self-help story to sustain performance. My priorities going forward, best-in-class safety, compliance, sustainability and diversity, driving a successful integration and building a high-performance culture, synergy attainment, cost, CapEx and growth and implementing best-in-class price management systems and a robust productivity initiative. And now, I will turn it over to Matt.
Steve Angel: We're actually seeing slower growth coming off of Q2. So you can say at best flat, but we're certainly cautious as you can tell in my comments. But if you were to look at what would it take to be at the bottom-end of the range and of course, you've got to be careful here because I don't know what currencies are going to do. So you have to take that out of the equation. The rest of those is much more controllable. But you would have to be -- I would say, we would have to be in the negative mid single-digit range to really find ourselves at the bottom-end of the range. It's possible. Certainly things are -- when you woke up this morning you probably weren't as optimistic as you were last week. But that's kind of the expectations. It's I'd say at best flat and then certainly on the bottom-end of the range kind of a minus mid single-digit volume growth rate.
Steve Angel: Well, I would say when you look at well the synergy plan as we've been implementing it certainly in places like Asia we got off the mark very quickly. Momentum is still building. I think in Americas we got off the mark pretty quickly. You look at a place like South America, they integrated very quickly. And in the U.S., we've been working I think at a satisfactory place in terms of addressing actions that we knew we could take. Europe takes a little bit longer. We knew this coming in. We need to have -- go through the works council process. It's a very detailed process, but I think it's very constructive. We're already taking initial steps with them. We've had a couple of meetings. It's moving forward. I don't have any concerns regarding our ability to do what we need to do, but we certainly need to work through the process and respect the process. And I think that's important and that's what we're doing. We do have a strong team on the ground in Europe and I'm confident that as we go forward we're going to see the synergy attainment. I'm also -- feel confident that we're going to see other areas of the business perform better as well including price management and including productivity initiatives.
Steve Angel: Well, I would say with respect to competitiveness -- there are strong competitors around the globe. And Europe has strong competitors, China certainly has very strong competitors. We have very strong competitors in the U.S. other parts of the world. So with respect to bidding and winning on new projects and things like that it's a competitive environment, which is what we expected we would be in. We like obviously the capabilities we have and our ability to win with the capabilities that we have. You know, but certainly it remains a competitive market. And can you help me a little bit with your second question? I didn't quite pick that up.
Steve Angel: Yeah. Well, no. I would say – so exit rate. So, as I'm looking at – look at Europe. For example, the industrial production has been trending down. I think that's going to be the trend going forward. You have obviously the prospects of Brexit and the headlines certainly on the continent are not all that positive. So, I think that is what we are facing going forward. With respect to China, obviously the news that has come out says that, I think we're going to be in for a tougher road going forward. If I could talk about it market-by-market it, certainly I think it's overall going to be net weaker going forward. The Americas with respect to industrial production manufacturing has been trending down as well. And so I – it's not like, it's falling off a cliff, but it certainly has been a noticeable trend. So that's why I've said before, I'm really more optimistic about our ability to manage pricing going forward than I am about the underlying volume fundamentals. And then if you look at a place like South America, though there was a recent positive news with respect to addressing needed pension reforms, it remains to be seen, if they're able to really turn the corner with respect to growth and we'll see. So that's kind of the global summary.
Steve Angel: The answer John to that is, yes. I mean, as we look at areas that – we've always had the philosophy that we need to be adjusting to market conditions. We need to be on top of changes that are taking place. That's a philosophy we've had for a long time. We've never really had done much in the way of big programs. I can think of one in maybe 20 years. But yes in addition to the restructuring initiatives that we had outlined as a result of the merger, I'd also talked about a productivity initiative which is kind of a continuous improvement something that's very important for us to have going forward. But certainly, as we see market conditions change the expectation is that each geography will adapt whether it's pertains to a merger cost synergy or not that they will be making the necessary adaptations. So that's something that we follow very closely when we do our monthly calls.
Steve Angel: I would say – and obviously this is something that not only do we are we careful to pay attention to here, but you can imagine at a local level, they are very much sensitive to volume walking away as a result to perhaps too aggressive a pricing posture. I would say for the most part, I have not seen a loss of volume as a result of too aggressive a posture on price.
Steve Angel: Okay, Peter. So with respect to let's say markets that were unaffected by the merger and you brought up Australia. Clearly, there are others. We found if I go back in my Praxair days that we had certain geographies that did a good job with price management and you can spend a day with them and see they really understood what was going on in the marketplace, what was going on with cost, what was going on with supply and demand and things that needed -- they needed to do to address that. And so the whole idea is to make sure that we bring that same rigor, that same discipline, that same competency, that same organizational approach to every corner of the globe. And we have had -- I've had those reviews with Australia. You mentioned Australia and this is something they have been working on ever since the merger. I expect to see positive results not only out of Australia, but out of many other countries around the world as we continue to build that muscle. With respect to Brexit, the deindustrialization of the U.K. has been going on for a long time, so Brexit is not the point where that starts to happen. So, clearly, that's an effect that we have been feeling for a long time in the U.K. What I think the team has done a great job of and will continue to do a great job of is building out resilient markets more growth in resilient markets. And I'm thinking of health care, I'm thinking of food and beverage, I'm thinking of a myriad of applications that they have been bringing to the marketplace. So that very much has dampened the effect of the deindustrialization trend. And so I don't expect a big change coming out of Brexit. I certainly don't expect positive growth going forward as a result, but I certainly don't expect a big change. And Matt, do you want to answer the base -- or I can answer and you can answer.
Steve Angel: Well, you have to understand we've been working on pricing for quite some time. So, if you go back over a period of time, you would see our price gains have been there year-over-year. You also have to take into consideration that we have -- every competitor has a bit of a different mix. If I look at Europe, we're half packaged gases. So, the ability to move through pricing very much is through, I don't know how many -- probably a million transactions or so through those small welders. So, that is the mix that we have there. If we look at Asia, obviously, our mix is a bit different than some of our competitors. We have Australia, which is a very large piece. Australia and China are the two largest countries that we have that represent Asia. If I look down beneath the covers, which I think is always important because you've got to keep in mind what we're reporting is an aggregated number. But, I can look at China merchant price, and it's 5% year-over-year. So, that number is very strong. Again, we've got some work to do across the board to bring everything up to an expectation that we would have. If I going to look at the Americas, for example, 3% number but U.S. merchant is 6%, South America is 5%, packaged is 3%. And then if I were to look at Europe, I'd say it's pretty much -- a pretty strong 2% kind of price increase number. But again, it's very much affected by what's going on in mix. And I'll give you another small example of that. If I look at our small business called refrigerants that number is off quite a bit, and so -- year-over-year. So, that all kind of fits into the calculation, but it's quite -- quite a bit's driven by mix. But we certainly have a focus on working on every aspect, every channel, every product, every market across the globe.
Steve Angel: Well, this is Steve. I would -- nothing really comes to mind that says this is less favorable than what we had hope for. I would say, as we get into -- for example, Linde Engineering has very strong capabilities, very strong discipline, strong record of project execution. Many people think that it's all large project-driven, but a good 40% or so, is very small projects that they execute day-in and day-out. So, the capabilities, the strengths within that business certainly are obvious. As I look at application capabilities, it's a story of where I would say that, we've been very strong in things like oxygen combustion. Linde's been very strong in areas like clean fuels, healthcare. We both have worked on food and beverage. We both have worked on digitalization. The combined capability is very positive. I would say that, certainly, some technologies like cylinder tracking is something that legacy Linde was very much out front with. Specialty gas capability, legacy Praxair had good capabilities, Linde has excellent capabilities. Together, we have a much stronger portfolio. When you get into productivity tools, we each develop productivity tools. Praxair, obviously, was very proud of the productivity track record, but Linde has excellent capabilities too. You just put it all together. That's why I said at the beginning that all the employees, the 80-some-thousand employees within the company are very optimistic about the potential of the new company.
Steve Angel: Well, we'll see. But energy prices have been all over the place and of course kind of oil prices have been bouncing all over the place for the last several years, very volatile. Natural gases prices have been down and staying down in the U.S. as there is an abundance of shale gas. That's something everybody is very familiar with. If I look at the types of projects that we're working on today, it tells me that there's still a lot of room to go in places like the U.S. Gulf Coast, a lot of chemical activity, but also refinery activity still continues to be very positive. So the outlook certainly with respect to the U.S. Gulf Coast, I think is going to be positive and again more driven by natural gas than anything else. We talk a little bit about the impact of IMO 2020 and there is some impact. Clearly that's the big Singapore project that we talked about. And there are some other projects that we're working on in Asia; both on the refinery side, and also on the chemicals side, not massive. But I think, could be significant as we go forward overall in the backlog. So I think, it's still pretty positive environment particularly, if you look at the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Matt White: Yes. Thanks, Steve. And just to add one thing to Steve's Nicola that while we showed 2% that was a fairly strong 2%. It just happened the way the rounding and footing work that shows us 2%, so as per the comments that's pretty much right in line with the 2.5% globally weighted inflation. Regarding the cash flow, I think as you may have alluded to I think the best way to probably look at this is what is the conversion rate of our adjusted EBITDA to operating cash flow. And we talked a little bit about this in the first quarter as well. And I'll talk to the operating cash flow on a half basis, first half, because as you can imagine, there's some parts that move between quarters. So when you look at historically, the last five years of both predecessor companies, the first half of the year, you tended to see operating cash flow as a percentage of EBITDA at around 70% 7-0. For the full-year, that number was closer to maybe 77%. So as you could imagine the back half is usually stronger almost the mid-80s and the front half is usually around 70%. So I think that's the benchmark we want to look at from a cash conversion ratio, if you want to refer to it that way. So looking at our particular numbers, as you know our adjusted EBITDA for the first half is about $4 billion and our current operating cash flow year-to-date is about $2.1 billion. So applying that 70%, that would mean we're looking for more like $2.8 billion versus the $2.1 billion, so about $0.7 billion short of where we'd want to be. So why are we right? I think that's the question. $0.5 billion or $0.5 billion is all these one-off merger costs. We've got almost $400 million are related to either taxes on gains, costs to do the divestitures, merger cash costs that carried over and some change in control costs that triggered acceleration of retirement benefits. There's another $100 million of restructuring severance related. So those $0.5 billion are really one-off in nature and that's something that will subside here in the next couple of quarters, especially the merger related and we'll have a little bit more restructuring in the next probably 18 months to 24 months. We've got $100 million what's called contract liabilities and what that really relates to is last year, our engineering business had significant prepayments from their customer base, which is a good thing. That's them managing the working capital quite well, but we've lapped that. Now they are executing and building some of those projects so that's about $100 million of some unfavorable timing but that is the nature an EPC-type business. And the remaining $100 million is some working capital that frankly we got to get after. That's something we've got to do better on. We've got a lot of initiatives internally. We're working towards that. So that last $100 million is something that I'm personally focused on, Steve's focused on to kind of get back to the right levels. But I fully expect the second half numbers to start stepping up especially as we lap a lot of these merger cash payments. And at this point I see no reason why we're not going to demonstrate the legacy company average of the cash conversion rate from OCF to adjusted EBITDA.
Matt White: And I think -- this is Matt, just to add just one point to that. When thinking about volumes year-over-year on the back half maybe a little more challenging. You may recall fourth quarter was worse than third quarter. There was a bit of a decline of that perspective. So, I think thinking about it sequential might help, I mean, as Steve had mentioned Q2 as a base mark this year sequentially we are expecting some decline off of Q2, and I think for modeling – on that perspective that might be an easier way to think about it.
Matt White: Yeah. Yeah, sure. Peter, just a couple of things as you probably know, but just to make clear. Obviously, our base CapEx as we defined it here does include small growth. And that can also mean ECOVAR or VPSAs standard plants as legacy Praxair called them. So to have an apples-to-apples comparison may not be the same across the industry. But to your point when I look at legacy Praxair that had reported this now, we were on a $750 million to $800 million-type year run rate. So just thinking of that in simple terms, if you double that that would be around $1.5 billion $1.6 billion a year, if you felt the company size doubled. Right now the run rate on Q2 is about $1.8 billion. Of the $200 million of CapEx synergies, a large portion of that would be dedicated to this area. This is an area that's getting a lot of focus. You saw sequentially, we had a little bit of a decline, but this is something we're going to keep working at. We tend not to look it as a percentage of sales. More really it's a detailed bottoms-up how we look at that internally what projects we need. But I can tell you reliability as you know is critical in this industry. That's not something we're going to compromise. But when we look at the other growth or small growth initiatives on things like cylinders, trailers, tanks given the economic outlook, we laid out that's an area, I would see probably less spending going forward. Those spend tend to correlate more to IP. So this is kind of how we'll look at it. But clearly, the CapEx synergies of $200 million, this base CapEx is going to be an area of intense focus.
Matt White: And Jeff, this is Matt. Just to add one thing to that to Steve's comments. As you can imagine year-over-year calculating that on the pro forma bottom details, we do our best. But sequential, we tend to look at more intently just given -- since the merger effective date really Q1 and Q2. And I think on a sequential basis, you'll find numbers are more comparable. So, I just tend to keep that in mind as we look forward.
Matt White: Yes, Jeff. This is Matt. So obviously we have a lot of cash, that's earning income that we are managing around the world, so you have interest income that's netting against that. 
Matt White: So, we are flush with a lot of cash. As we lever up, and do more distributions, primarily through buybacks, you will start to see a shift. And you will see higher net interest, but then you'll see lower share count, and that's part of the recapitalization, I mentioned in the prepared comments.
Matt White: David, yes, this is Matt. So as you can see we are in the market every day, as you probably see from some of the reports and that's something we plan to continue to do to be a participant every day. And when we find opportunities, we'll obviously take advantage of that. That means that the last few days have been a good example, where there may be macro events, completely unrelated to us, could be good opportunities to come in and repurchases the stock. But, obviously, we have the authority, we have the cash. We're in every day and whether times to be opportunistic, we will continue to do that.
Matt White: Yeah Laurence, so, as you know, when we make these investments, they're 15-to-20 year horizons. So, throughout that timeframe, currencies go up and down. And to account for that, we always embed in our financial analyses, a sovereign and currency risk, in every country we operate in. So we essentially mandate, that the return can recover the known risks, within those contracts. And obviously if you can get upwards of 100% inflation coverage in your escalation that has a natural balance on devaluations, because usually after devaluation inflation follows. So these are the mechanisms that we do, to recover. Compound inflation on a local basis, can often exceed the effects of the foreign currency translation over that same time period. So these are all mechanisms you do when contracting to ensure you get an appropriate return, inflation coverage to mitigate against that. As far as the actual execution itself, in procuring equipment, whether it's Turbomachinery in Europe or coal boxes in China et cetera, we may or may not use derivatives on that, 1-year, 2-year, invoicing exposure. That would be translational -- or transactional. I'm sorry to your point. So that's more of a derivative, decision. But long range, we feel we have very strong contractual and return requirements to offset that.
Steve Angell: So Duffy we have said that this was going to be a fairly tepid year in terms of contributions from large project startups, something on order of probably 1% and I'm going to say 1% sales and EPS. Going forward certainly the timing of start-ups says we're going to have a stronger 2020 over 2019, so here again regardless of the macro environment, we do have a stronger backlog contribution in 2020. I would -- I'm looking at something more like a 2% contribution over 2019 top and bottom. And then based on the strength of what we have going forward, I'd say probably through a 2023 time frame because I'm looking at a very big project start-up there I would look for 2% kind of as an average annual growth rate top and bottom going forward. I think that's certainly in the cards. And again that's compared to 1% this year. So if you think about the sales algorithm going forward, we have the macro, the underlying macro very much driven by industrial production. I think that is a more of a questionable number by the day. But on top of that, we expect price management contributions. On top of that, we expect backlog contributions. And at some point, we're going to start to see more noticeable effects from growth synergies. So that's the way we look at it.
Steve Angell: I would say meaningful in the sense that the Singapore ExxonMobil project in part is predicated based on IMO 2020. Again where they are positioned in Singapore, marine fuels is a very important end product for them. So I would say that was certainly driven in part by IMO 2020. But aside from that and I've looked at this before, we may have a few projects over a number years principally in Southeast Asia. But in terms of what we see refiners do to get prepared for this, it looks to me like it's more a case of they have coker capacity or they're adding coker capacity. They're very comfortable operating cokers. They've been doing this for many, many years quite well. Some of them are looking towards more sweet crude feedstocks. Some of them aren't going to do anything. They're going to wait and see how it all plays out, so that's how I'd answer that.
Steve Angell: Well, if you look at the $5 billion of backlog I would say that today in that backlog, natural gas processing plants, olefin plants would be probably half or so of that backlog, maybe a little bit more. And then the rest runs the gamut of ASUs and HyCO and also some other small projects that would be part of that backlog number. I think, having capabilities around the olefin crackers, there's certain examples that has led to pull-through of ASUs and other industrial gas products as a result of having that upfront project. Clearly, when you're talking about ethane crackers and natural gas plants, the level of -- the level at which you engage the customer is higher, because clearly there's an interest at the highest levels of the organization with our customers in terms of talking to us about those kinds of projects, because they're very critical to their processes. So those are certainly positives that I can point to. I can also look at natural gas processing capability and point to where that is a good source of helium, which has been in short supply, continues to be in short supply. So having that upstream capability puts us in a very positive position, with respect to capturing helium off of that process. So that's how I would address that.
Steve Angell: Well, I said, $225 million was the approximate synergy number. We had a good quarter in Q2, so we made a good dent in that number. Matt has said that we are approaching -- will be at the full run rate, so you're looking at a run rate in two for something like $75 million kind of run rate, so Q3 will probably less than that, should be less than that and I think that's the right way to think about it.
Steve Angell: Okay. So I'll just take the first question. I think this is going to be something that we have to look at geography by geography, product by product, market by market, in terms of understanding negative volumes and the impact that it can have on pricing. I think, -- you know I think its clear that if you had a substantial drop in volumes. And that contributed to a high level of supply versus demand, in the marketplace, that could put some downward pressure on pricing. So I think I'd have to look at that, in term of, where it's going to actually materialize with respect to, what it would do. My view is we would still deliver some positive pricing even if it fell, to a level like that. Then I'm going to let Matt answer, the currency -- how we handle currency and projects, we have in the future.
Steve Angell: So, I'll just take the last one. So when hardgoods turns negative, and in this case you see less large equipment, large welding equipment being ordered and so forth, it just says that your customers are becoming more cautious about the outlook going forward. And typically that would be the first sign. Then you start to see the consumables slow along with the gas volumes. So, it's not like it fell 30%. So if you go back in 2009, that's what we saw in the United States Hardgoods fell 30%. But it did fell to negative territory, which says that, it's certainly not a positive indication with respect to growth rates going forward. Not falling off a cliff, but it does signal a weakening trend. Again, I think about cylinder gases, as very much tied to industrial production. And I made mention the fact that, in Europe, half of our business is packaged gases. So that's very much tied to the manufacturing economy. And you can look at the trends with respect to the Eurozone, with respect to more negative trends on industrial production. And I anticipate the same thing as I look across Asia, that the trend for industrial production has been walking down. The PMI indicators for, metals, chemicals, has been walking down. And therefore, that just signifies to me, that there's going to be some weakness ahead. Manufacturing certainly is weaker in China than it has been. And so therefore that has a big effect on cylinder gases, but not just cylinder gases, other products as well.
