Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Duffy. So, let me just take a step back and tell you why projects like this become attractive to have Linde as a partner with. And in the OCI project, as an example, there are a few things that work in our favor. And then, that kind of translates into your question as to why outsource versus captive. Linde brings a number of things to the table: one, EPC capability with a successful track record executing very large and complex projects; integrating different technology packages. You referenced ATRs. ATRs are new for many people to operate. I mean we already operate one and clearly -- at our own facility. So that advantage is something that then becomes available to people who are thinking about that outsourcing model. Add on to that the reliability that we're able to bring, which a single captive standalone unit does not have. We, of course, hope the hydrogen pipeline up to our U.S. Gulf Coast system and to the cabin [ph] that has the ability, obviously, to store excess hydrogen at times when we are able to produce more; and strong operational expertise in managing the ATR ASU complex. I mentioned to you already operate one at Clear Lake and obviously adds to that whole piece. Ammonia players, in my mind, are increasingly seeing Linde as a very complementary partner, supporting their efforts to start their expansion programs on blue and subsequently green as well. You put all of that together, I think it's a compelling argument, Duffy. As far as the return profile is concerned, and I heard some numbers there, I'd say to you the way we think about returns -- and again, this goes back to our disciplined capital and investment criteria, our -- for us, double digits unlevered post-tax returns is how we would assess a project like this. This is a traditional industrial gas project, no different to any other that we do, and that's how we would then factor the return coming back into the returns you would see hitting the EPS.
Sanjiv Lamba: Exactly. So Duffy, let me just -- sorry, John, let me just start off by quickly kind of identifying. As you saw on slide 4, there are three components to this deal coming together. There is a customer who is the offtaker. We've defined that as a core part of our strategy. Without an offtaker, we don't develop these projects. There is the Linde scope, which is the ASU, the ATRs and the carbon capture equipment that we are investing in. The 45Q is linked back to the entity that captures the CO2. In this instance, obviously, when you think about how the project moves forward in examples like this, we are working with numerous partners, developing multiple project streams like this. At the moment, we are in advanced conversations with a number of partners for this very project. And essentially, what we're agreeing with them is potentially what you could call a tipping fee, where we would have structures which allow them to take the cost of transmitting and injecting the CO2 for storage underground and obviously managing that on a permanent basis. So, that's how you would structurally see it. Obviously, the 45Q benefits are part of that discussion and negotiation that we are currently pursuing with a couple, three different carbon sequestration experts.
Sanjiv Lamba: So Mike, you're right that there is some excess blue hydrogen that we will have out of this facility. We've obviously scoped for that. The linkage into the U.S. Gulf Coast hydrogen pipeline network is both space, right? It works as a reliability factor, very attractive for OCI, at the same time, gives me the opportunity to take that surplus blue hydrogen and put it back into my system. We have demand for that blue hydrogen. And yes, there is a premium. In the past, I've explained between gray and blue, the premiums that exist, and we will be putting that into the pipeline for customers who are moving onto blue hydrogen and have the willingness to pay for it. So to that extent, whatever surplus we have, we have factored that into our economics. As you'd expect, we tend to be fairly conservative around how we model some of that stuff, and you will see that also here. Is there a potential upside longer term? There is always going to be as that transition to blue hydrogen happens.
Sanjiv Lamba: Nicola, I'm going to headline that by saying I don't see any constraints, but I'll ask Matt to just give you a little more color on that.
Sanjiv Lamba: Jeff, the impact of the winter storm was primarily on our on-site customers, resulting in customer outages. We were there to support them with whatever nitrogen requirements, et cetera, were there, but the outages were at the customers' end.
Sanjiv Lamba: It is -- David, it's embedded. So obviously, the relevant portions are appropriately embedded into the economic model. And obviously, double digit, as you know, is a wide range. So, it's an attractive project for us the way it comes together.
Sanjiv Lamba: David, I've mentioned that we have a large number of projects we're working on. We've said that we had visibility over a decade now of about $30 billion in overall terms of decisions that we expect to be making. I also mentioned that I see $7 billion to $9 billion of decisions on projects for investment over the next two to three years. And that, despite the $1.8 billion that we've now announced, I still see that $7 billion to $9 billion number as being robust in terms of decisions over the next two to three years.
Sanjiv Lamba: We do. And I was going to give you an example of Germany and Leuna where we have exactly the same structure, multiple customers, pipeline network, serving refineries and chemical companies in that industrial network. So, that's an example of where we have incumbent strength. In fact, we are building our electrolyzers there to provide some green into that very pipeline network. So, that's one example where we do have the ability to expand and use that incumbent position that we have as a leverage to win more into that industrial activity and the part that we operate in Leuna in Germany. So, that's an example in Europe. What I'd say also to you is I think the nature of the projects in Europe is going to tend to be quite different, where there will be a complex producing product and then putting it into a pipeline network. Our ability, therefore, to participate in these islanded developments remains very strong. And I can also tell you that of the number of projects that I referenced previously in response to David's question, I see a number of those currently being developed in Europe as well.
Sanjiv Lamba: So Peter, the way I think about energy costs and their implications for our business is twofold, right? In terms of power cost and natural gas costs, anything that happens in terms of it going up or down gets accounted for in our contractual cost pass-through mechanism. So, if that moves up and down, yes, you will see some shifts happen as a result of that. For the rest, the way we recover inflationary impact and the way we manage our business is pricing. And as you know, we've got a 30-year track record now of positive pricing. And I see no difference -- nothing different to suggest that there'd be any different as we move forward. If fuel costs go up, we manage that through a pricing mechanism. That's the cost inflation piece. If other costs go up, we manage that through a pricing mechanism as well. One of the things that we do is we manage that through product pricing and not only surcharging. And therefore, the stability of that pricing longer term is quite sound. And we feel pretty good about where it stands and how we'll be able to cope with that as we move forward.
Sanjiv Lamba: Sure. So Kevin, just talking about the APAC business overall, and I'll just walk you through APAC more broadly. That would give you the color that you're looking for. Again, we had solid pricing, as you saw. We had record operating margins. They are up at 26.5%. I've said to you folks before that there's a target on the back of the Americas business, and APAC and EMEA are moving in that direction to try and bridge that gap. Sales were pretty strong in electronics, in particular, across APAC followed by chemicals energy and then a bit of manufacturing. It is a story of two halves, if you will. Ex China, again, electronics, very strong chemicals, engineering, energy and manufacturing also extremely strong, some seasonal impact of LPG business in South Pacific that you would normally expect. We see that level stable, and I'm seeing that in January, the same momentum carrying through. In China itself, in the last quarter, we saw steel automotive being reasonably weak. The Chinese New Year, obviously, in January kind of impedes our ability to really see how that recovery is going to come through given the reopening that's been touted now. I think the next couple of weeks, I'm watching carefully to see how that trend shapes up, and that's really going to determine what that long-term view on China is going to be. I said last year that I expect moderated growth out of China, and that's kind of what we've considered in our guidance.
Sanjiv Lamba: John, I'll answer that in two parts. Let's talk about technology, and then I'll talk a little bit about the commercial side of things. As far as technology is concerned, Linde has some really good technology around backtracking, which is cracking that ammonia back to get -- disassociate and get hydrogen back. And we are, in fact, running pilots as we speak on some new catalysts and some new developments over there to make that a lot more efficient as a process. We're running with one of the largest oil and gas companies in the world kind of doing that -- those trials. So, I feel very good about the technology we have. I feel very good about that particular project that we're running through, and you'll hear more on that in the weeks ahead. As far as the commercials are concerned, I really struggle with this. The reality is for us to make ammonia blue or green, we put a lot of energy into that process. We get the ammonia molecule. We'll then move that molecule from point A to point B in a large ship. We will then take it to a storage at the other end, and we will back-crack it. The amount of energy loss that you see in that entire process makes the economics not viable in my mind. I don't see -- so for me, direct ammonia usage, either on the fertilizer front or direct as a fuel injection or fuel blending, makes a lot more sense in the near term. As technology changes and improves and as the energy balancing work that we are doing, in fact, in our pilot continues to improve, then it becomes a little more viable longer term.
Sanjiv Lamba: Steve, when a fab has been constructed -- and we're talking about solid contracts with long -- Tier 1 players across the world. When a fab is constructed, they have to manage that operational elements to a point, right? So that capacity utilization works in our favor. And we are actually growing that market both in terms of ramp-ups that are happening on new fab that came up two or three years ago, and we continue to ramp our gases into increasing production that is happening over there. And in addition to that, we also continue to improve some of the molecules that we bring into these fabs given the new technologies that are there. We call them electronic special gases. That -- we are continuing to see growth over there as well. And of course, I'll always add that there is a good strong pricing element to that.
Sanjiv Lamba: Sure. So, these projects typically take many months to develop, in some cases, years. And so, we have been working on this project for a while, Steve. So, that's the reason why we are reasonably confident about getting this up and running in 2025 and in commercial production. So, I feel pretty good about where things stand with that. Having a local engineering organization with ability to do EPC on very complex projects obviously helps and is a competitive advantage from a Linde perspective. Our customers have obviously been working on their project for a period of time as well and are well advanced in terms of their own construction activity. So again, for you, good watching that. And I am not concerned about delays on their end. Having said that, contractually, we always protect ourselves, and we have date certain contracts to ensure that we are -- if we have done the investments and done the construction that we needed to do that we are able to then ensure that our facility fees or facility charges are then paid to us on a date certain basis. Coming on to the downhole activity. We are talking to at least three, if not more, very competent world-class companies that are experts in carbon sequestration. And those discussions are progressing well. And obviously, you would expect us to do some diligence around their ability to get permits sake, where they stand in that process. Some have already applied. Others are fairly advanced in terms of their preparation. Again, we feel good about how they are kind of in terms of readiness to manage the sequestration when it comes to the pipeline.
Sanjiv Lamba: Right. So, we are about lapping the COVID volumes. Vince, you're right that we will see that largely lap now. I think the point that you can also note is a sequential movement on that suggests that we are actually headed in the right direction. You'll see that green -- the greening up of it, if you like, in the quarters ahead. So, that looks pretty much in -- along the expectations we have for that. As far as the rest is concerned, clearly, we -- there are sequential elements over here that have a range of different things. Matt has referenced most of this. I'm going to just highlight a couple of them, so I make sure that I cover that. One, we told you that U.S. on-site business saw customer outages due to the winter storm in the U.S. That obviously affected between metals and chemicals and energy. We have -- and again, you've heard this before, but I'll just repeat it. Our January trends look very good. Most on-site customers are back to seasonal run rates, in line with expectations or even slightly above. We mentioned that in our Q1 guidance already, as you might have seen. So, feeling pretty good about where that trend is in terms of the developments out of the Americas that you saw. As far as EMEA, I'll just briefly cover and let you know that from our perspective, there has been lower economic activity across EMEA for the course of this year, has been especially true on the on-site business given the volatility on the energy costs, customers in metals, chemicals and energy, obviously, impacted by that. So, volumes were down versus previous year as far as our on-site business portfolio was concerned. But again, having strong contracts and high-quality customers helps, and you can see that in the EMEA margin, which hit that 25% mark, which was a target that I'd set for them as they moved down that journey to try and bridge the gap to the Americas margin. As far as Europe is concerned, sentiment is, of course, improving. And given the stability in energy pricing, we're starting to see some volume creeping up slowly as far as that on-site business that I mentioned to you earlier on. But of course, they still remain below previous year levels, and we're just waiting and watching how that all shapes up.
Sanjiv Lamba: Tony, as I said, the volume trends that we were looking at in January look really good. And I mentioned the on- site customers in particular, we're seeing them back at seasonal run rate that I would expect them to be at or slightly above that. More broadly around manufacturing, we're also seeing a snapback after the holiday period, so the seasonal impact. And kind of watch out for what happens beyond that. Again, January showed us a good clear path to that in the U.S. as well. In Q4, our packaged goods, if I look at the gases and hard goods, both grew sales double digits, and we are seeing momentum continue into January on that as well.
Sanjiv Lamba: P.J., let me talk about the hydrogen price quickly and then we can talk about the three buckets and how we look at them. So, as far as hydrogen price is concerned, we've been in the hydrogen business for about 50 years now. So, we've got some long-term experience around hydrogen pricing. In terms of how we think about hydrogen pricing, we look at our projects, the capital that we put on the ground and look at, as I said before, double-digit unlevered post-tax IRRs to make sure that those projects stand on their feet. You walk that back into the hydrogen pricing. And obviously, given that we lead the hydrogen market, both in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world, we feel pretty good about being very competitive in terms of what we bring to offer. Now, the hydrogen price development that you're referencing over here is largely going to be that variability is largely going to come on the green side of things, a lot of scale-up needed. Green is neither scalable today, nor is it cost-effective today. Even with the PTC of $3 per kg that might come out of the IRA, I would say to you that the inflection point for green isn't quite there yet. I see a journey of at least 5 to 7 years there. But you're right. You'll see some pricing curves on that will kind of develop in the next 5 to 7 years to make it -- get to a point of inflection on volumes. The three buckets that we spoke about, you're right, they are three different buckets. There are two specific elements in there that you can think about the first. When we have assets on the ground in the U.S. Gulf Coast, as an example, today, when we add capture capability to that and then work with the sequestration partner to put a downhole, there is an existing asset base on to which I'm adding a little more incremental capital and getting the leverage of that installed base that I have. So clearly, the return will look more attractive. For the rest, whether it's decarbonizing our customers or new markets, we are largely setting up new assets, which will be just as we have in the OCI case, in an ASU plus an ATR plus carbon capture. You put that together, we would then again look for a traditional industrial gas contract structures and return profile where we would expect to have returns commensurate with the risk that we undertake. So, that's how I would kind of say to you that those two buckets would really play out.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Chris. So, that bucket, and I referenced this briefly to P.J.'s question earlier on as well. That bucket is installed assets that we have today. There are about 11 to 13 assets that we have on our list for that, $3 billion spend that we talked about. And really, I expect that in the midterm, we will be looking at decarbonizing that. There are two drivers for that. One, we're seeing conversions and demand buildup of blue hydrogen across our existing network. So clearly, we want to make sure our assets are ready and able to supply that. The second, remember that from a sustainability point of view, we've made a commitment that we will bring absolute reductions to our Scope 1 emissions, which are coming from that installed base of steam methane reformers that we operate in the Gulf Coast. So, we will be tackling that both from a point of creating economic value, but also living up to our sustainability commitments that we made in reducing absolute scope on emissions. In the midterm, you'll see actions on all of that.
Matt White: Sure. Hi, Nicola. So, to your two questions, I think, first, just on the buyback pace. Yes, we were -- since this is classified as a merger of the actual structure, we were essentially out of the market entirely for most of the month of December. We are back in as our traditional 10b5-1, and then it will open up again to active buybacks in a couple of days. So that would drive some of the quarterly reductions given that we needed to be officially at. As far as the Irish distributable reserves, which you're referring to on dividends and buybacks, as you know, this is the same process we went through on the original merger between Praxair and Linde AG. It is a somewhat perfunctory exercise, especially now that we have a track record in history. So, we don't see this as any issue. We are well ahead of it, and this will not affect the dividend. It will not affect the buybacks. And we've got that well accounted for. So, there's no concerns on that in my part.
Matt White: And Peter, this is Matt. I would just add to Sanjiv's point. I mean, I think a good indication to see these changes you're looking for are the sequential trends. So, when you look at EMEA sequential trends in this most recent quarter, you can see that, to Sanjiv's point, pass-through is negative 6%. That is the energy pricing, that is the natural gas pricing coming down, yet pricing was up 4%. So, we're still seeing stability in the pricing levels. But of course, we are seeing large reductions in the pass-through as that energy comes in.
Matt White: Yes. Sure, Vince. So a couple of things on other. Generally, what it represents, clearly, items that wouldn't fit in the categories above it represents a competitor or it would represent distributors that we don't have an actual end market identified. It is the smallest percent, so large moves could shift it. In this particular case, it's the seasonal component of LPG. That's the big driver since that is a sort of a retail component of our Southern Hemisphere business. And that just shows on the year-over-year, right? You can see the year-over-year is still up slightly. This is mainly driven by the seasonality component of some of that residential LPG component.
Peter Clark: Again, it's going back to the OCI a little bit. I mean, obviously, that plays to your strengths. You can see that with the infrastructure, the pipelines and everything. Obviously, there's a lot of talk now coming out of Europe, though with a response to the IRA. And I see your footprint there. It's not quite the same as the Gulf Coast. You don't have the hydrogen pipelines, the same expense and stuff. Just wondering how you see your advantages there, if there is a real risk.
Peter Clark: Well, I think -- yes. I'm saying in Europe, you don't have the same pipeline infrastructure that you have on the Gulf Coast. So...
Peter Clark: Got it. Can I add -- just sneak one in on trading? Just on Europe, obviously, the margin shot up. You had the volumes down. A lot of that was the on-site business. So I presume that helped you with the margin. But effectively, how you see the price/cost argument in terms of pushing the selling price through against the energy cost situation now? Because I presume most of it is through and you caught that up. So just how you see that progressing in '23? Thank you.
