Sanjiv Lamba: Peter, there are two things that I'd say that happened as a consequence of inflation coming through. You might recall Peter that very early in the process, we said that, we were looking at inflation and working through it and not believing it's transitionary. I think that's obviously been proven now. And we brought in the LatAm teams as one example of best practice within the group shared that more broadly. The difference that lies over here Peter is all about execution. And we have a relentless execution culture. That's what drives that pricing every day. You know as well that our performance culture requires that every month we sit down and review the progress that's been made. And that cadence of operating rhythm of doing that is the other piece that I think drives pricing as we look at it. Decisions are made every day. They're not made every week or every month, because they know that at the end of the month we have to have a conversation about the decisions we've made and any deviations that come out of that. It is really under driven by -- or underwritten by the performance culture of the organization.
Sanjiv Lamba: Peter, there are a couple of ways to address that. As I look at the different end markets and obviously, we're paying a lot of attention to the medium and small-sized customers across Europe, there are two factors that we particularly look at. One is what's happening to receivables. And I can confirm to you that cash generation receivables remain within expectation, which I think is a very important indicator as to how the markets are currently responding. I'm not going to predict what's likely to happen in the next quarter or beyond, but I can say for now that, I think we've seen that accounts receivable reflect a certain amount of resilience across that customer base as well. The other piece I'd just mention to you is, when you look at EMEA volumes and I know you see a minus three over there, if you strip out the significant pandemic impact that came out of the health care, for most other end markets, volumes remained reasonably stable. Yes, they've softened a little, but they remain reasonably stable. And that includes the small and medium-sized customers as well.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Duffy. Let me start off with the backlog question first. As you will recall, Duffy, in the past calls, I've talked about a probability weighted number of about $5 billion. That's obviously a global number. Today, when I look at that number, that's trending close to $7 billion to $9 billion. Remember, we tend to be quite conservative. These are decisions in the next two to three years. And I'm expecting something of the order of $7 billion to $9 billion in actual decisions around projects in the next couple of years related to this obviously accelerated in part by the IR and those decisions will obviously then end up in the backlog, given the size of these projects.  As far as sale of gas and sale of plant is concerned we have in this -- in our industry we have the unique advantage of being able to do both capability to execute both and ensure that both of them actually enhance our returns. So from that perspective that optionality is something that I certainly want to keep. And I want to make sure that we work our way through the quality of the projects, the risks associated with that before we make that final call. Our customers and developers recognize that and actually appreciate the fact that we have that flexibility to offer as well. So, I'm not going to give you a kind of percentage in terms of what you see out of sale of gas versus plant. It is fair to say as a principal though that principally we like sale of gas as a base model and it's where we find that the risks are probably a little bit different to what we would expect. That's where we would opt out then for the sale of plant model. Largely on size of projects I say to you as you look at this number of $30-plus billion that we're talking about you're going to see projects probably 20 to 25 large projects happen to make up that number. That kind of gives you a bit of an average view. There is no particular size that I can attribute to these projects they range depending on the scope of the project itself. 
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks Steve. So let me talk about the scope first. So typically carbon capture is absolutely within our scope in almost every instance. That is capability that we bring. There is proprietary technology that we are pushing hard at the moment. We think we've got some world-leading technology that we call HISOP, PSAs [ph]. These are CO2 PSAs that absorb that CO2 capture rate and allow us to then take it forward for storage and sequestration.  So quite excited and that's the part of the technology that we want to make sure will always be within our scope. Beyond that ensuring that you pressurize and transport that CO2 is something that we also would like to do typically, but are more flexible on. It's part of the scope that we would obviously give to our partner would be all around that CO2 going downhole and what happens to that CO2 beyond that including monitoring longer term etcetera.  As far as the approach to subsurface partnerships are concerned there are various models Steve that we would follow. There's a whole range from consortium approach that we've been working on already and hopefully we'll announce in the near term to having them as being partners joint venture partners within the project itself. So that whole range is available to us. We find that depending on the market and the actual project scope that kind of best defines where that partnership is then put together. 
Sanjiv Lamba: Steve it's definitely the latter where a number of customers are very actively engaged in conversations with us. What tends to happen is you have to think about this as an incremental service offer if you like on an existing asset. When we talk about Decarbonize Linde as an example that's where we would capture CO2 of our existing facilities and transform that gray hydrogen of today into blue hydrogen that goes into the network and feeds existing customers. So that's kind of one way to think about it. And that's where we're seeing a number of customers quite interested given the strength of our network and the asset footprint that we have in the U.S. Gulf Coast. In addition to that, there will be conversations for sure that happen it just depends on the timing of the contracts in many cases. The underlying takeaway from this that I want you to kind of keep in mind is there is urgency in the customer base to want to progress given that both 45Q and 45V in many ways is actually pushing them to try and monetize the benefit that comes out of this decarbonization kind of effort that IRA is supporting.
Sanjiv Lamba: Right. Steve, you've got good memory or good, as the case might be. So it was 1.30 for gray, 1.50 for blue and about 4.40 for green that I offered I think a couple of quarters ago. And that was all at I think natural gas price if I'm not wrong of around 350. Obviously natural gas prices change along the way as well. But the moot point over here that you make and I will validate for you is gray and blue are coming close to parity today with the benefit of the 45Q in place. They are almost at parity, I would say. As far as green is concerned with the 45V the $3 a kg is pretty attractive. The issue with green remains scalability and I'll talk a bit more about blue and green in that context. But from a cost point of view that 440 is now trending anywhere between, 250 to three. So it has come down substantially, but again, because of lack of scale and the availability of cheap renewable energy that pricing for green remains a little bit higher than what I would see as long-term inflection point which you've heard me talk about 150 as a long-term inflection point for us to see huge acceleration happen. Not quite there, but certainly heading in the right direction as far as we concern. Coming on to where I see this development moving and really I think for me blue today is available at scale. It's technology that's tested. And it's an offering that's available in the market today which is why a lot of the conversations I referenced in my previous answer are being driven, because that ability is available today. The challenge with green remains the ability to scale-up and get access to reliable renewable energy at reasonable costs. That combination isn't quite here. And while the 45V has some really good incentive at its max $3 per kg of green hydrogen unfortunately the impediment really is around scale-up to getting that to a point of inflection and significant acceleration. So you summarize that, I expect a decade plus of blue as a great bridge to ultimately large-scale industrial scale green which is reliably available at cost where that conversion makes a lot of sense.
Sanjiv Lamba: Nicola I didn't get the question entirely, but I heard Exxon and sale of gas for next year. And I want to just confirm to you that that project is progressing on track and we expect to have that from a commercial structure in place for next year and you'll see that reflected next year as well. I didn't get the second part of your question Nicola. 
Sanjiv Lamba: Right. We expect to see a similar start-up contribution, obviously, upped by what we see from an Exxon perspective, which is a single large project that you would see. But you should expect -- excluding that we should expect the same level of start-ups next year as this year, which we said earlier on was about $1 billion of start-ups in the course of this year. 
Sanjiv Lamba: Jeff, I'll take the first question and ask Matt to talk you through what we're seeing on the interest side of things.
Sanjiv Lamba: So the way to, kind of, best describe it is you will see sequentially our margins in the Americas improved. APAC was stable and slightly up. And we did have a slag in the EMEA region which obviously you've seen as well. We put a table on the EMEA slide just to explain that. So, yes, as far as sequentially, our recovery was more than offsetting inflation and Americas and APAC were able to reflect that. We're seeing some record pricing there. In EMEA we had record pricing of 14%. This obviously excludes any pass-through 14%. But despite that there is a lag. We were seeing electricity price increases in EMEA and Germany and UK in 80s and 60%. And that lag will be there for a month or so, as you've seen from previous quarters. And I fully expect the team in EMEA is very conscious of that and working through both pricing and cost actions to make sure we have a recovery as we move forward.
Sanjiv Lamba: David, as far as we are concerned, these projects have to meet the same investment criteria that we set out. So when we say that we want -- we expect returns to be commensurate with risk there is no free pass for clean energy projects. They have to provide the same return profile that we see vis-a-vis the risk that we're taking on board. So you can rest assure that our return profiles will reflect that on an ongoing basis as well. As far as competition is concerned, I think competition is a little bit varied in this space. As you'll appreciate, we have a range of players who all have a role to play. We are seeing partnerships shape up as maybe a critical part of the offering that comes to market as far as decarbonization is concerned. And we believe strongly that I think good partnerships make a lot of sense for us as well both in managing our risk profiles subsurface is a good example of that, but also alongside that ensuring that we've got people with skin in the game particularly sometimes bringing an offtaker in as a partner to make sure they've got skin in the game and that offtake piece really has some teeth as we move forward. So a range of -- there's no -- it's an evolving market space and we watch it to see how that competition piece evolves. But at the moment that's kind of what we're seeing.
Sanjiv Lamba: Simple answer to that is no. We have strong takeaway contracts. There are some customers who are below take-or-pay at the moment in Europe, but those contracts are being enforced and payments are happening.
Sanjiv Lamba: So, in terms of return on capital let me go back to the question that I responded to earlier by saying that, the investment criteria that we set out for our projects, double-digit unlevered returns is what we would look at obviously, commensurate with the risk that we take on. That is what is reflected in the projects that we currently look at and approve. And that is reflected therefore, in the return on capital that you see within our business today. I expect these projects to continue to support that return on capital elements, and our investor -- our investment criteria has not changed for projects in the clean energy space, whether it's blue or green. Obviously, there is some support available through the IRA that holds, that return or supports that return profile as well and of course, accelerates decision-making from our customer's point of view. 
Sanjiv Lamba: That's a great question, Geoff. It's topical as well because I had -- over the last couple of days I've had a number of conversations, with political leadership in different parts of Europe. Two things. First, the IRA I think came as a surprise to many people including many of the political leadership in Europe, and they have recognized that it has a galvanizing effect in terms of moving the pace at which change happens on clean energy in the US and obviously, are envious of that change given that European Commission requires time and a fair amount of work to kind of be able to get to its point of decision-making. The other piece, I think is that that awareness has then led them to recognize that some urgent actions are needed. I'll give you two quick examples of conversations. I may not quote them in detail, but I'll let you know that the fact that Europe was all about green hydrogen only, clearly has changed and there is a greater acceptance of the fact that blue provides a very effective bridge to getting to clean energy in due course. Today Europe just needs energy. They are burning more coal than they had planned for as you know. So really that pragmatism, which was lacking in the past on making sure that low carbon intensity hydrogen was welcomed into Europe on par. There was no discrimination against blue versus green, et cetera. I think that's a change that I think is fundamental and we'll see some of that. And the fact that Europe also recognized that while they can talk about developing projects in Europe, they desperately need to ensure that they have processes in place to import significant amounts of clean energy and in this case blue, green hydrogen, ammonia, et cetera into Europe to be able to leverage and build infrastructure needed is the other change that I'm expecting to see in the near term. So I'd say the IRA has provided some real soul searching opportunity for Europe and they are going to do something about it. 
Sanjiv Lamba: John, when we look at customers and discussions that we're having, the customers are themselves trying to leverage that blue hydrogen into their own product slate in some cases moving towards more renewable fuels, which then attract significant and attractive further benefits that come out of places like California as an example. So moving to renewable fuels accessing California's low-carbon standard framework and accessing further incentives allows them to consider premiums that would become available on -- and pay for on the blue hydrogen as well. But in truth, I'd say to you that if I look at broad-based adoption of blue hydrogen, the IRA provides through the 45Q credit a significant benefit in terms of accelerating that decision and does come from a point of return perspective does support the return to moving to blue hydrogen even with marginal premiums on it.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks. So hardgoods business both on the package side, I'd say to you both gases and hardgoods business are both growing double digits as things stand. On the hardgoods side, we look at two different aspects of it, when you talk about kind of leading indicators to what we're seeing around economic activity, we see both on equipment sales as well as consumable sales. I can tell you I see demand and growth on the equipment side as well would suggest that people are still putting some cash on the ground to make sure that they are able to catch up with many of the supply chain issues that have plagued manufacturing more broadly. So I still -- at this point in time still feel pretty good about where we are seeing hardgoods development as things stand. And I'm talking about the US here. 
Sanjiv Lamba: Hey Mike, I'd love to speculate but I'm not going to do that. We'll come back to you in the next quarter you know and we'll give you a full outlook for 2023. We're going to go through our own very detailed planning exercise. I'll have the guys in here from all over the world over a three-day period where we'll run through each one of their planning processes. A lot of these assumptions will get tested and challenged in the course of that. But again, I just want to -- I think the point that you make is that resilience stands out Mike and sometimes people take that for granted. But in our case, we recognize and our volumes showing through is just another element of that resilience in addition to the fact that I explained at the last earnings call, our defensive business model, including the contractual structure that we have, even when volumes are down we're able to actually preserve much of our profit and our top line as well. Again, just a recognition of that is quite important in these times particularly. But we'll give you more in the next quarter for sure.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks Mike. So, just on natural gas very quickly on EMEA. Obviously, we've seen continued volatility around natural gas pricing. We've been able to push that through our contractual cost pass-through structure. We will continue to do the same. If natural gas prices come down significantly, margins will get enhanced as a consequence. As you know, it's a clear math around how pass-through works, and really no concerns from our perspective. Obviously, lower natural gas pricing will help the broader economy and hopefully some economic tailwind as a result of that which should be positive for us. As far as Electronic segment is concerned, let me kind of break that up into two parts. Let's start with the long-term in terms of investments being made and the CHIPS Act out of the US and a similar act out of Europe pushing to have localized investments in their regions continues to drive fab investments as we move forward. In conversations with some of our largest customers more recently, I have seen commitments from them of staying at the same level, if not increasing their investment levels. Some of them tend to invest countercyclical. That's been a strategy that's worked well for them. And I expect to see those levels remain fairly stable in the mid-term, I'd say. So that's from now until the next four to five years. Of course, we are winning more than our fair share of those and I feel good about the fact that we'll see continued growth as a result of that. In the near term most of our large customers continue to consume, which is what I -- the pointed comment I made earlier on that despite what you read in the press, our consumers continue to consume gases at every fab that we supply. And that's a really good position to be in. There are some concerns around China that I've heard from investors as well. And again, I want to confirm that our volumes in China continue to be unimpacted by current embargoes and so on and so forth that might exist. They might have an effect on longer-term investments in China, but we are yet to kind of see that reflected in the demand pull that we see from the markets.
Matt White: Hi, Mike. So taking them in order. Yes, you are correct recapitalize the balance sheet essentially means, essentially reduce our equity through buybacks and that could imply the debt building up. So that is absolutely correct. As far as the ideal leverage ratio again you are correct the single A under the S&P scale and A2 under Moody's is what we are aiming for. And as you know they do have their own proprietary metrics, which rely on certain adjustments for things like capitalized leases and pensions. But when looking at what I call the simplified metric that we use which today we're showing at 1.1 times on debt to EBITDA, I think, you can get that in the mid-twos or higher as options and we've seen that in the past. Clearly you'd have to work with the rating agencies to ensure your rate -- your ratings are still aligned. But I think that is definitely a feasible area. And then as far as guidance yes generally when we look at that we, sort of, take that on kind of our share count. There might be a little bit of benefit of some of the buyback. But realize as you know probably the buyback the way it affects into the EPS it's, sort of, a cumulative effect. So what you're doing in any given quarter tends to have more of a lag effect anyways. So it would more be a function of what we've done to now, and maybe a little bit of what we do in the fourth quarter. And then what we do in the fourth quarter will have a bigger impact in Q1 and going forward. So there will be a little bit in there but it will be more a function of what we completed here in the third quarter. 
Matt White: And Jeff, this is Matt. So on the interest expense, maybe I can provide a high-level answer and then get to your specific question. So when thinking about I'd say modeling interest expense, there's really two components to think about. One is going to be essentially what you're referring to which is our current debt structure -- net debt structure. So the cash the debt, whether it's variable or fixed and then the interest effect on that both as interest income and interest outflow. But secondly, we do have some FX volatility that always occurs in our interest line. Some is related to the derivatives we have on intercompany loans, this would be the points that you may have that move up and down based on currencies. But the bigger volatility will actually be unhedged intercompany loans, where they get marked to market to the interest line based on whatever the prevailing interest rates are. So they do tend to create volatility on the interest line the unhedged loans. They actually have no effect on cash because they're intercompany. So when you exclude that I would say our run rate interest number is somewhere in the sort of low-20s to mid-20s right now. And what we have is when you think about our capital structure right now our cash which is earning deposit interest is somewhat close to our variable debt which right now is mostly commercial paper. The rest of our debt is fixed. It's bonds. So what I would anticipate right now is you wouldn't see much of a material change in that until the next bond issuance. And at that point obviously when you do that new bond issuance, you will have a yield in what the prevailing markets are and then that will be layered in. And you essentially will then have certain maturing bonds that might be at lower interest rates. So from my perspective what you're seeing today is mostly volatility of FX rates. And then as we go to the bond market in the future at least based on the prevailing rates, I would expect to see net interest start to rise.
Matt White: Sure, Vince. I think with the projects to me we don't take the current prevailing rates and bake it into that perspective. And the reason is, as you know we're making 15-20-year investments. And embedded with that we already incorporate inflation recovery on the facility fees. So when you tend to see elevated rates, that does come back through the inflation adjustment mechanisms as it is anyways. And we don't need to debt finance these projects as we build them. As you know, they take several years to build anyways. So from that perspective, we've been through many decades as you well know, on interest rate cycles and our long-term model continues to be quite resilient with the contractual inflation recovery that enables to incorporate that. As far as borrowing rates, I mean we – yes, we're a single A but lately we've been tended to be more AA or better on the spreads. When we decide to go to the market, I would expect our spreads should be some of the better ones you would see. But of course it's from a benchmark that's higher today. So you can take the benchmark today, and just take some of the spreads you've seen demonstrated at kind of our rating [ph] or better and that's sort of what we would borrow at. But at this point, I feel pretty good about our access to capital and still get some of the lowest cost capital around. 
