Stephen Angel: Okay, well, I will take the decap. And since you gave a second question to Matt, I will let him handle that one or we could give it to Juan or anybody gain, but I will let Matt take that one. So yes, on the decap there is we have a list of projects. The pipeline itself, you could describe as fairly healthy. But then again, the pace is very slow. And that is not unusual. You have customers that are always evaluating their cash flow positions and their needs as you are going through these discussions with them. I expect we will get some to ground but it is not going to be a large number. I don't think and I don't think it is going to be a large number anytime soon. We will do the projects that makes sense for us. You have heard me say this before that, the last thing I want to do is be a lender of last resort. So we will maintain our capital discipline and our return criteria as we work through this. But it is just going to take some time and that is just the way it is.
Stephen Angel: Okay, Duffy, those three well prepared questions. So, I think the way you need to think about green hydrogen and keep in mind you have the renewable power cost, you have the production costs coming out of electrolysis, you have the distribution costs, you have the cost at the pump. If you are thinking about mobility, so there is a whole chain of cost here that needs to come down and I said 50% to 60%. If you were to call green hydrogen today, coming off electrolysis $6. And so there has to be an assumption about renewable power costs to get to the six. But if you say six, you are making - with $2 to $3 natural gas, you are making great hydrogen for $1. So, there is a tremendous gap today that it would take hundreds of dollars of carbon tax or a carbon price if you wanted to wipe out that entire difference. So, it is a big premier today. That is why I said the cost need to come down the production cost across the entire chain. At the same time there needs to be a carbon price to incent the scaling up of green hydrogen. It is the same thing that happened with solar power and wind power. If you go back and look at the early days, everybody said the costs are through the roof. We can't afford it. But there were subsidies, there were incentives that were put in place that allowed it to scale up and come down the cost curve. So that is the same thing we need to have happened here, and it is going to take some years to do that. We and others are obviously working on that as we speak. I can see plans. I have reviewed plans that show how that can be done. So, I think we just need to kind of wait and see how long it is ultimately going to take. But I think, in a few years the cost will come down quite a bit. But we need to get it down, like I said, 50% to 60% across the entire value chain. As far as what we may or may not do? I mean, we are looking at projects today around the world. I could give you a number. It is like a hundred types of projects. Their slot are very small. Some of them are sale of equipment, a small sale of equipment. Some of them are like projects that we announced in China, and also recently some are a little bigger. But we are very comfortable with the types of activities that we have, the locations that we have them in. It is like 16 countries that are involved in a hundred plus types of projects. So, that really is our strategy. That has been our strategy. We are very comfortable with that approach. I'm not saying I would never do a much larger project, but I would have to be very confident in terms of that is just a good investment that will pass all the muster of it. We always put large project investments through.
Stephen Angel: Yes. So that is what Matt said. If I look at July's numbers today, I would say it is probably slightly better than June. But then again, you got to keep in mind, we don't really know what is going to happen. I read yesterday that COVID is back on the Continent of Europe. We all know what is happening in Latin America. You can read about what is happening in the South and West, back in Australia. So, I don't really know what the consequences that is going to be. I don't know how governments are going to respond to that this time. Are we going to go back into something like what we saw in March and April and May. We don't know the answer to that. So, it is a possibility. It hasn't happened as of today, but it is certainly a possibility and we have to make sure that we say we are cautious in our guidance and that is what is behind the caution.
Stephen Angel: Well you are asking me. So I want to be a provider of what the market wants. As I said, there are certain countries around the world today that are building their hydrogen economy first, their hydrogen mobility economy, for example using grade they will transition to green later on. I think - look I mean at the right cost green is going to be preferable for everybody, but you have got to get there first. And that is why we think natural gas is going to still play a role. I mean, we have a $2 billion business today that is essentially all based on natural gas. So natural gas will continue to play a role. Blue will make sense in locations where you have a low cost natural gas and you have the ability to capture the CO2 and do something with it, say make downstream chemical products with the CO2 or you have the right geological formation to sequester in the ground. If those types of situations are present, then you could see what they call blue, which is basically capturing CO2 off of the gray hydrogen production process. But I think everyone would like to get to green, I just think it is going to take some years to get to that point. Regarding CapEx, I mean, if I look at the list of hundred projects we have today, there is probably maybe a couple of billion dollars of CapEx that is kind of been assigned to these projects. Some of them, we have to wait seeing whether they are going to move forward or not. But clearly, if I said hundred and some projects, and if I gave you a number, like a couple billion dollars of CapEx earmarked around those numbers that wouldn't be surprising. But we have to see how fast they move. And at what rate we end up spending against those projects.
Stephen Angel: Okay, so the first question on Linde Engineering. And anomaly speaking is a much smaller percent of Linde today than it was the old Linde AG. It is probably if I go back look about 5% of the EBITDA of our company is Linde Engineering. So it can swing us too much one way or the other. But it is doing quite well, the team is executing very well. A lot of this is picking the right projects over the years. In addition to executing well. A lot of this is they have more gas projects to work on. So we are able to leverage their cost infrastructure much better by adding the practice, sale of gas to the equation. If I look at their backlog today, they probably have close to two years of backlog in front of them to continue to execute. And that is a pretty good place to be. I don't have the order pipeline. I'm not looking at that right now. But the orders clearly are less than the sales for Q2. So, but there are orders coming in. There are projects they are working on, I wouldn't say they are [mammoth] (Ph) projects today, because a lot of those customers are cautious, as you would imagine, but certainly electronics type projects they are working on those are working a lot of smaller projects around, say paper projects. As South America you mentioned that is very advantaged in paper, working on other types of projects. So, there is work coming in there is a healthy backlog. I think they will continue to do pretty well, but if we are sitting here two years from now, and the backlog is a lot lower, then we will have, something to address. But we are very conscious too of our costs, and making sure that we are managing costs very carefully as we are looking at the order pipeline and we work out these big projects. You mentioned Brazil and Mexico and Australia. If you look at South America, clearly they are dealing with COVID. But it seems like they are always dealing with something in South America. But, when I look at their operating margins coming out of Q2 they are at 20%. Probably not many companies operating in South America that are running at a 20% kind of operating margin rate. Mexico has always been a good country for us. We have a very strong presence as we do in Brazil, and we are able to use that to our advantage. In Australia. I talked about an earlier calls Australia, has been on a nice slide path in terms of improving the quality of their business. I'm very pleased with the results that we have been seeing there. And I think, they continue to do a good job in Australia.
Stephen Angel: Well, I would say, we are going to be participating those ways. And for example, we sell hydrogen refueling stations today, we have been doing that but we are also providing as part of a package offering. If you look at the two announcements that we made in China, for example, One is partnering with the largest green power supplier in China. And we are going to be providing hydrogen refueling stations, we are going to be providing a PIM electrolyzer, and we are going to be providing hydrogen via the molecules. So, that is what the nature of that venture is. But here, we are kind of partnering with somebody different than we might have in the past. It is a renewable power supplier. And this is revive green hydrogen to buses that are going to be operating around Beijing go into the Great Wall and all of that. And then you have got a project in the South, where we have had a JV actually with [Senuk] (Ph) on the industrial gases side for some time. They want to branch out and do hydrogen for mobility. So, we are taking the hydrogen off the refinery. We will clean it up. We will pipe it to some hydrogen fuelling stations. We are providing, and we will kind of build out that market. But that will be a typical sell a gas business model as well. So, predominately to sell a gas that is currently going to be as certainly as what we are interested in, but there will be some SOE type of sales. And I think you correctly pointed out Bob that you know renewable power is a big part of providing green hydrogen. So, the scaling up of wind and solar is going to be key to getting green hydrogen costs down to a point where you close the gap versus conventional. We can only assist in that so much. But certainly, that is a key part of that. And as I said earlier, hydrogen is seen as an enabler to renewable power because one of the issues with renewable power is as everyone knows, it is not as reliable. The windows always blow, the sun doesn't always shine. But hydrogen can be a storage mechanism for energy. And so, that is why green hydrogen actually plays a role in helping enable the growth of renewable power. So, if some of that remains to be seen how that is going to play out, but that is where a lot of the focus is today.
Stephen Angel: I mean, it can happen various ways, we get the compensation up front in terms of project delays with cash compensation, or it can be built into the final price. Usually you would find it built into the final price. So, we end up with at least the same IRR, if not higher after we go through the negotiations around the delay. Our contractual language protects us very clearly in terms of we commit to a date, if that date gets delayed. And, there has to be compensation to compensate us for that. So that is how it is addressed. And usually, you would see it in higher revenues, margins and cash flow because of the delay to compensate for any changes that we would see.
Stephen Angel: Well, I would say, as you know this kind of all started in China first and then swept through the rest of Asia. That is why you had some effect from COVID certainly in Q2 as well as in Q1, Q1 China Q2 more of the southern part of Asia. It went to Europe first and then came to the Americas. And of course, we are still seeing some of that in the Americas. But if you were to look at something like China, we saw improvement through the quarter in terms of merchant volume improvement. Our onsite business there has been very stable, quite strong, actually, all the way back to the beginning. Certainly you can look at Europe, you can see the improvement from April to May to June. If I look at the U.S., similarly, you can see the improvement from April to May to June. So really, I guess they go back and answer your question pretty much across the Board. You saw improvement from April to May, June.
Stephen Angel: Yes, it is sustainable, in terms of the level of improvement is probably on the order of 1000 basis points over a couple years. So, the business has been doing very well. We had put a lot of focus on improving the performance of that business, both in terms of improving the margins, lowering cost but also in terms of CapEx management, we change some of the compensation metrics around that. And clearly Lincare is doing well in an environment like we have today where they are an important second line of defense for the hospitals. Months-ago they would not have treated one COVID patient, today they are probably over 12,000 COVID patients that they are handling. The government Medicare has come to the realization that working with us is very important to making sure that patients are transitioned quickly, that the treatment can be provided, whether it is COVID, or other respiratory illnesses, and if they may have 1.6 million patients in total, in a well over a million of those would be would be respiratory type patients. So, paperwork has been eliminated, we have been able to eliminate face-to-face requirements, because it is a very document intensive, paperwork intensive kind of business whenever you are working with a government that a lot of those more bureaucratic processes had been removed, streamline, so we are able to operate effectively and you know the business continues to perform quite well. And I expect that to continue.
Stephen Angel: Well, you know Jeff regarding, I just doesn't come as a surprise, as we look at cost to me $1 cost is $1 cost. I do look at total cash fixed costs as a percentage of sales. That is something I always look at. I look at every RBU around the world, Regional Business Unit, there is 20, some and I always look at in terms of where do I think the appropriate cost where it should be given the type of business that they are in. And then of course, we always demand efficiency, year-over-year. That is what a lot of our productivity projects are about this, but I will let Matthew come back and answer this question as far as other metrics, but that is what I look at very closely. And that is how we drive operating margins along with the normal productivity pipeline and pricing. With respect to any specific project, I would rather not comment on that because you have to keep in mind, there are customers on the end of all of these things that I would rather- they lead with any commentary regarding delays.
Stephen Angel: Well, I think it is going to play out by country. It is going to play out by region. If I look at what is taking place in Asia, I would say that the Asian countries tend to move faster whether you are talking about China or South Korea, Australia, I would put in that in that category, they tend to move quickly. I think we are going to need to see a lot of details or some of these goals that have been, that have been gone public and see how they are going to work. I think that there will need to be a carbon tax, I think there needs to be a significant carbon price. And earlier, I gave a comparison between say a gray hydrogen molecule and green hydrogen as nominally where it is today. So there is a significant difference. I don't think you can charge hundreds of dollars of carbon tax and have a workable solution. I think the number needs to come down overtime. And that would be coincident with again, the cost of hydrogen coming down - from green hydrogen coming down as well.  So those two things are going to need to play out together. And we will see how all of this evolves, but we are going to have lots of opportunity to talk about this as we understand more and more about what each country is intending. All I'm trying to lay out here today is that, we are well positioned in a lot of countries around the world that are going to be active in this space.
Stephen Angel: Well, two megawatts module today, we haven't said what the size of the megawatt module is going to be going forward. So part of this is larger modules. Part of this is scaling up the plants using our Linde Engineering capability so that they can bring all of their expertise to bear around the whole balance of plant, because it is not just an electrolysis module. There is a lot of other supporting balance of plant as part of that as well. And that is all part of how you bring these costs down. So there are some larger projects being discussed. The projects that we are working on today, certainly 20 megawatt, I think they are good sized projects. I like those projects. Some larger projects being discussed. And I think what you will find is that with some of the capabilities that is out there today say around alkaline technology that is like 100 year old technology. They haven't really used it for water in several decades. But that certainly is the intent. My expectation is that the Chinese are going to be very strong players in alkaline building alkaline electrolysis equipment. And I think there is certainly going to be players, particularly as we are looking at some of these much larger scale projects. But right now, most of that is just being discussed. The normal fare of projects is in sort of the 2, 5, 10, 20 megawatt size range and we are perfectly happy to focus on those.
Stephen Angel: Well, I think we are, that is something that there is a lot of activity today. If I use some of the forecasts that are out there, not necessarily our internal forecasts, some of the forecasts that are out there it says that by 2030, this could be upwards of $200 billion size market. I'm kind of cautious and that I want to see more, first I want to see the market develop. I want to see more projects move forward, but certainly if it becomes that size, we would have no trouble equaling the size of our current hydrogen business today by that timeframe.
Stephen Angel: Well, we are certainly working through the portfolio. There is always a long list of activities. We divested a couple things this past quarter. One was a LNG trading business, another one was a small infusion business. So, we are always doing things, we are always making package gas acquisitions and certain kinds of healthcare acquisitions, we are always looking - we will continue to look at. With respect to some of the larger pieces you might be referring to, with COVID, some of the discussions we were having just got put on the back burner, because, potential buyers just aren't in a position to move forward at this time. But those are things that we will continue to look at. We have joint ventures around the world that, we have never been a big fan of joint ventures that we would look to find a better solution than what we have today. So, we can operate these things the way we want to. We are also in some small countries around the world that from my advantage point would have more risk than benefit in being in. So we are looking to prune those as well. But there is always activity, and a lot of times it is just a function of who is on the other end, whether they are ready to move forward or not.
Stephen Angel: I would say right now, the hydrogen mobility is something that is more active. And clearly, if you look at, if you go back to the number I mentioned that if we could convert 1% of all fuel today used in heavy-haul trucking to fuel cell electric vehicles, that is a $20 billion market itself. So, the size of that market is enormous. There is a lot of interest in that, that is what most of the regulations you see today are targeting. China, one million fuel cell vehicles, 1000 hydrogen refueling stations. South Korea, three million fuel cell vehicles, California one million. So the target of these countries, the focus is really around fuel cell vehicles in hydrogen refueling stations. So, I would say that is presents a bigger opportunity. The carbon capture and sequestration tends to be a little bit more one-offs. Again, it is going to be in countries where you have low cost natural gas to begin with like the United States. And as I said earlier, as a country, we are not really moving forward quickly at this point. So, that can change. We can see more of that in the future. But right now, that is the way this opportunity slate is shaping up.
Stephen Angel: Well, we are always looking to balance price and volume. When you are looking at the merchant liquid market. I mean, generally speaking, it is pretty profitable across the Board. But that has to be done granularly. And what I mean by that, you have to look at it customer-by-customer, if you have a low margin account pushing pricing hard, there is a lot of upside. If you have a high margin account, you want to be thoughtful in terms of how you manage the whole price and your expectation around that. So, that is how I think about the merchant pricing in general. That is really how I think about package pricing, but any projects they want to bring forward, clearly it is got to stand on its own. It is got to make good strategic sense from a product and a location standpoint. It is got to meet our return criteria. And the same thing is true back to the onsite. It has to meet our - we have not changed our return criteria. We are still looking for good spreads above our cost of capital and we look at each project opportunity through that lens.
Matthew White: Hi, Nicole. And as far as your second question, yes, I will start with to your point the $900 million as you recall, on the cost side was the target we laid out there to be achieved over approximately a three year period post the merger dates. As have we stated in the past, the more we integrate, the less frankly, we are able to differentiate between what was considered a true merger synergy and what is just simply being more efficient and productive on how we are running this combined business. So frankly, on an internal basis, we really stopped spending significant effort trying to differentiate between the two. And we are much more focused on just trying find ways to be more efficient and productive operating as one combined company. So to that degree where we really look is more how our operating margins progressing? How is our growth in profits progressing? And how is our growth in cash progressing? There are obviously a lot of other metrics around that, like Steve had mentioned, SG&A as a percentage of sales, what the headcount trends are power efficiency per headcount trends. So we look at those as well. But in the end of the day, I want to see margin expansions. I want to see growth in cash, and I want to see growth in profits irrespective of what we are seeing on the volume side. I think this quarter, we have demonstrated that fairly well. I think last quarter, we have demonstrated that fairly well. And we continue to find even more opportunities every day, as I mentioned. So we are looking in the end of the day to continue to find ways to improve the quality of his business, while leveraging every bit of sales dollar we can to add value. So that is how we will think about it going forward. And that is how we are going to continue to measure it.
Matthew White: Yes, and sorry for just answering your last question, which I forgot to mention, on the temporary savings for COVID. As you would expect with everyone, we clearly saw a large reduction in travel. I think that is consistent universally. But what I would say is that the vast majority of savings, as Steve mentioned that we saw this quarter, we expect to retain and maintain a lot of them. So, I'm not anticipating any significant shifts in that. So, that is something we expect going forward irrespective of the smaller temporary ones. On the cash flow related to the buybacks. Yes, we will be back in the market, as we have been will be a participant. As you saw this quarter, we did reduce our net debt again. So we will continue to use it as per our capital allocation policy that any excess cash that we have, after our priorities of growing the dividend and growing the business, we will use in the opportunities to repurchase our stock. And obviously, if there are market corrections, we will take opportunity in there as well, like we did in Q1. So, that is kind of how we are going to continue to manage it and measure it and as this is all underpinned by our target credit rating of a single A. So, we will work within those confines and be back in the market.
Matthew White: Hey, David. Yes. This is Matt. So as you saw, we have a 3% assumption now. Q3 would get better by a couple percent potentially based on spot. As you know that is a assumption based on spots, but it could get better by almost 2%. And the full-year number would be knocked probably in half as well on that. So, time will tell. We will see, that was based on really yesterday spots, but every day is a different day as you know.
Matthew White: And Bob, this is Matt. Just to maybe add to Steve’s points as part of your question also on aligning with power providers. As you know, we are one of the largest power purchasers in the world today. We purchase terawatts of power and we have actively been working for many years already to improve our renewable energy portfolio. In fact, we have recently got it from 35% up to 38% in this year-to-date. So this has been something that is not new for us. It is something we have been doing for a long, long time. And given that experience, given our local relationships with all of these power producers around the world, it does give us an opportunity to leverage that and helping make this a more successful for green hydrogen. And we are able to connect our technologies and engineering and local presence with these purchase opportunities that we already have today in the relationships.
Matthew White: Yes. This is Matt. No concerns there whatsoever. I mean, the aerospace business book value is actually quite low. We still generate a good profits and as you could imagine that that PSP business is really three businesses in one, it is an aviation, it has an industrial, and then it has an energy that works on things like industrial gas turbines and other forms of more energy efficiency. So, all three businesses continue to operate. This is actually an opportunity for us to consolidate some sites and they are taking appropriate actions in light of the new environment and that has always been a very, very well run business. So, there are no concerns there. And similarly on the hospitality CO2 business, remember that as a high rent business. So, we still continue to get rents on the restaurants that continue to either operate, or will come back and operate again. So while the volumes on Page 17, for food and beverage, were down 9%and that is the CO2 volumes to your point, primarily into the hospitality sector, the rents continues. So this business actually performing quite well in light of what is going on. And then a rebound obviously would be upside. So no concerns on either whatsoever.
Matthew White: Yes. And Vince, this is Matt. We tend not to put too much of this in the forecast just because as you know, it is also a time weighted aspects of depending upon when they are done at what point throughout.  So as I mentioned earlier we will get back to the markets post this call. We will continue to be a participants. And then where we see opportunities we will take advantage of that. But right now, I wouldn't anticipate anything material affecting the share count at this stage.
Matthew White: Okay. And I can pick up to Steve's point a little more Jeff, on the margin. So I would answer it thinking about it this way. So first let's think about it on an external benchmarking basis. Clearly historically, there has been demonstration and I will talk to operating margins, which I think is an important metric to how we think about it. EBITDA margins, I'm less interested in. The primary reason is because as you know, EBITDA includes the equity income of affiliates, and that is 100% margin every time, because it is not consolidated. There are no revenues. So, that is just a function of how structures and ownership structures, but it really doesn't speak to quality at all. So operating margin is where I focus, that is my effort and that is what I think is the most important of the profitability ratios. So, within that, externally, clearly demonstrated mid-20s for an industrial gas company, even when you look at our segments externally, the Americas, obviously operating mid-20s. So at a minimum on a global basis, there is nothing preventing us from trying to achieve that on our gases businesses across all three segments. Obviously, you will have timing of depreciation. You may have some portfolio differences of packaged gases versus onsite, but irrespective when you add it all together, those are numbers that we want to achieve and that we believe are absolutely feasible and has been demonstrated. Internally, we obviously have a lot more benchmarks than what you have visibility to, and we look at every country and their operating margins, how they are structured, what they are able to deliver. So we have, I would say even more stringent internal expectations on what needs to happen around margin delivery. And to Steve's point, when you look at price, when you look at inflation and when you look at productivity, the inter-relationship between all those three has to be accretive. If that is accretive, it creates a compound value creation and that is why we always are very intent on cash cost pricing and the relationship of those and then obviously inflation in the environments you operate. So, this is something we expect every year to try and improve on our operating margins. And then to your point, other aspects like SG&A as a percentage of sales, sales or profit per head headcount, return on capital. These are things that should improve through this internal operating rhythm and effort. So, mid-20s is demonstrated and that is clearly a goal. And then we want to continue to work better than that on an operating margin basis.
Matthew White: And just to add to that, Lawrence. This is Matt, As you know, we make 15-year, 20-year investments and if you do it right, it could be 50-year or 60-year investments. So we have to think about our return criteria over the long haul. And as you know, often these on-site investments are not two tailed risks, they tend to be one tailed risk to the downside. Because you have liquid advantages, you have performance requirements. So you have to be very thoughtful throughout all the cycles when you make these investments. So that is something that we are not going to change. And every cycle is different. As Steve mentioned today, electronics, mining, things like that are doing well. And with stimulus coming in the year or two that could change the balance of some other industries. So we have to think long range and we always want to maintain that long range view when we make these investments. 
