Steve Angel: Yes, the $40 billion, you’re just taking $4 billion and extrapolating it over 10 years. That’d be $40 billion. Half of that would be large projects. So just about everything we would be talking about in that $1 billion kind of number would be large projects. I do think that there is a very good chance that the number is going to be larger than that based on the projects that I’m looking at today. They’re all in various stages, some of them are very early stages, but some of the size of the projects are quite significant. So I think that’s a good number to start with and we’ll continue to reevaluate that over time.
Steve Angel: Just got to be clear about that. But if you look at IRR, we always are looking to earn a good spread above our cost of capital, risk-adjusted.
Steve Angel: Well, we published that in our sustainability – yes, thank you. We published that in our sustainability report. The number is about 40 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent annually, and a big percent of that is what we call Scope two emissions, which basically means if you buy electricity and some of that electricity is produced by carbons, that’s just what’s available on the grid, then as an electrical consumer, you are penalized so to speak with that CO2 emission. So that’s why the number ends up being something of that magnitude.
Steve Angel: Yes, it is not on that graph. So we did not attempt to display that. And I said, really kind of coming out of this year, meaning 2020. I was not referring to 2019. I expected to see more contributions. And what excites me is we just had our Global Leadership Conference, we spent a good part of that conference talking about growth, looking at the combination of applications we have, the strength of our product line portfolio and the work that’s being done to optimize that even further going forward. I look at decarbonization and what both parties bring to the equation in terms of being able to capitalize on some of the growth opportunities that will be there and I talked a little bit about that in my comments. And then you just kind of get into cross-selling and a lot of other areas that we can take advantage of. So it is something I’m getting more excited about as I see the potential. I do believe that I’ve said before, it’s hard to put a number on it, but I do think we’re going to start seeing it coming out this year and going forward.
Steve Angel: Well, I think, again, if you look at that little Christmas tree chart that we put together for you, you could infer from that that we’re looking at another 2% price in 2020. And I think that’s about the right number at this point. This is something we’ll continue to work. It’s not a one-year and done thing. So I think we’re making good progress.
Steve Angel: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Yes, 3% price year-over-year. I know the price sequentially. And as you’ve heard me say this before, it’s always good to be seeing price on a trending basis. 50% of this business is packaged gases. So you don’t move prices that well unless you’re doing a good job on a transaction basis in a lot of – with a lot of customers. Yes. The Eastern European business that was – the old Linde AG business is now part of Linde plc, is a great franchise. I think you appropriately pointed that out. With respect to productivity, Matt started talking about it. Yes, Asia was out of the gates quickly. Corporate moved pretty well. Americas moved pretty quickly. And EMEA is a little bit slower in terms of addressing some of the personnel adjustments that are part of the merger. And we knew that coming into this, we need to work through the European Works Councils, work through the local works councils, and that’s something that we’ve been doing on a very constructive basis. But there will be more to come as a result of the negotiations that have taken place, to date.
Steve Angel: I don’t – David, I don’t really try to separate those out anymore in terms of buckets. I’m just looking at operating margins, larger productivity buckets. I don’t try to distinguish as to whether it came out of a merger bucket or it came out of the productivity bucket. So to me, the cost – the cost saving is a cost saving and that really is the way we’re looking at it. And the way you and everybody else will know that we’re accomplishing what we hope to do coming in this merger is if operating margins continue to expand, and they are. If you – if I just do the math, with the fourth quarter gas margins, excluding engineering, were 20%. So we’re starting to make some good progress. I think that’s going to continue. Matt has been talking about cash flow this morning as well. And that’s obviously a very good sign that the merger is working and that the costs are coming out and the cash flow is flowing.
Steve Angel: As far as the footprint itself, we have spent a lot of time looking at the footprint. We look at all the countries that we are in, as a result of the combination. We look at some of the businesses that we both have been in, that we brought to the merger, and we have plans around all of that. Now, some of that takes time, usually it takes longer than I’d like, but we have a process. We’re working through it diligently, we know what we want to do. I’m not really familiar with the point on not being able to pass through higher carbon prices. That is something that we have contractually around the world. And if we’ve been aware that this was something that could happen, I’d say going back five or six years, we started making sure that our contracts had provisions that if there is any environmental legislation of any type that might cause some type of carbon tax as a result of electricity consumption or making hydrogen and CO2 as a byproduct, or what have you, that we would be able to pass that through and customers accept those terms.
Steve Angel: We look at it the same way. It’s it starting off with, what is your cost of capital with the expected return, adjusting for risks. And when I say risk, I’ll give you an example of a very large project with Samsung that we’re starting to start up as we speak. Longstanding customer. I think we all know who Samsung is. We’ve had a great relationship with them over years. We have an incumbent position in several of their locations. They pay in about 25 days. So when I go through the normal assessment of risk, they come out very well as a low risk. And it’s an excellent return. So I don’t really look at projects in Asia any differently than I would look at them in other parts of the world, but it’s always important to go through that risk profile to make sure that what you think is a return that you should get, you will actually get it.
Steve Angel: Okay. All right. So we have about 80 electrolyzers under operation, about 40 megawatts. So you can do the math there a lot of them are quite small. Typical module size today out of ITM is about 2 megawatts. There are plans to grow that in terms of making larger-scale modules, which then can be stacked and you can build out the remaining plant equipment and systems around that. I think the number – it’s hard for me to put a number on what it can be, but I think we’re looking at a much larger projects going forward, particularly with some of the industrial customers we’re talking to, they have an interest – sincere interest in moving to green hydrogen. And the connected load, the megawatt load would be quite high based on some of the things I’m looking at. So it’s going to grow a lot. Now, so what are some of the hurdles? Today, the cost of electrolysis or producing hydrogen through electrolysis is probably four times what it would be based on producing hydrogen from more conventional means like natural gas based steam-methane reforming. So there is some work that needs to be done to bring the cost down, scaling up is part of it, more efficient modules is part of it. Lower cost, renewable power is part of that, so we are very much cognizant of that, and those are things that we’re working on. So that will help drive, this marketplace, the ability to bring those costs down. Of course, if government steps in and provides some of that difference, that would help it move more quickly. To China and coronavirus, we have about 2,600 people in China in Wuhan region. We have – about 1% of our people are in Wuhan. We have very small operations there today. So with respect to Wuhan, we’re not dramatically affected. No – fortunately, as of today, no one of our 2,600 employees nor any of our employees around the world have a confirmed – have been confirmed with coronavirus. So we’re very pleased to hear that. We provided aid as a corporation to our Chinese team and much of that is flowing to Wuhan. We prioritized the flow of key products that are needed to fight this virus like oxygen, medical gases. And obviously, we’ve been watching the situation very closely from a business standpoint. On-site customers have not really shown much of an effect, not yet. The merchant liquid – to give you an example, in a typical year, during Lunar New Year, merchant liquid capacity would probably drop to about 30%, rather than seeing one week of that this year, we saw two weeks and they’re slowly coming back from that. And as Matt explained early on, we’ve accounted for that – certainly based on what we know about the virus, we’ve accounted for that in our guidance. So that’s the situation. Tough situation for the people there, but they’re working through it.
Steve Angel: I would still characterize it as, not a lot of hurry. People are not in a lot of hurry to get projects closed. Their proposal rate on large projects is low. Most of what we’re looking at is in this smaller range, it’s $50 million, maybe up to $100 million, maybe a little bigger than that, but nothing over $250 million. I think that’s just reflective of kind of where we are as an economy. But if I were to kind of try to look downstream in terms of what I think could happen with respect to the backlog, I believe that the U.S. Gulf Coast is still advantaged with low cost natural gas that’s still going to continue to attract especially, chemical customers. I think we could see some growth – more growth with hydrogen in places like the U.S. Gulf Coast, but not restricted to that. As a result of IMO 2020, some of the decarbonization projects that we’re working on, again, some of them are fairly large, but it’ll be interesting to see how quickly they evolve and develop, but that could be additive to the backlog and then I think you have to look at electronics though it’s been in a low this past – during the second half of 2019 and especially in the fourth quarter. I think the long-term trends are very positive. So there is lower nanometer geometry, artificial intelligence, 5G, this EUV technology that Samsung and others have been adopting. And I think that will drive stronger electronics demand going forward, and it could result in increased adding products to the backlog.
Steve Angel: Yes. So all the projects that we’re starting up are going to be accretive to return on capital. So it’s 11.6%, I believe that’s the number that you’re looking at. And of course, I’m looking at internal rate of return when I look at these projects, unlevered after-tax internal rate of return, above the cost of capital. But after a few years, these projects are typically already accretive to ROC, and then over time, they are definitely accretive to ROC. So I would say that – we look at just about every project. In fact, I always encourage my teams to bring all the projects forward, and we’ll take a look at and we’ll decide whether or not we think they’re worth participating. But the criteria we use is pretty straightforward. It has to fit our strategy as a company, and it has to have a good return above cost of capital as I described earlier. And we’re going to maintain that twin criteria, but we do want to look at practically everything that’s out there. With respect to the Linde Engineering, yes, the backlog numbers are up for sure. The Amur project is not related to helium, the Amur project is mixed-feed cracker for SIBUR. And so that’s not related to what you’re thinking about. But there are natural gas plants for Gazprom that are being built and starting up that will be – we’ll have helium online, I would say the second half of next year is when you would start to see the impact from that.
Steve Angel: Well, they’re very solid. The configuration of a typical small on-site project is, it’s 100% facility fee. So and they’re easy to construct, so I’ve always liked these small on-site projects. I’m excited about the capability that we now have between the two companies. We have every offering covered now in small on-site, and it’s something that we’re very much focused on as a company. Very strong, 100% kind of take-or-pay commercial contracts. They are easier to construct, much simpler configuration. So all you have to do really is select the right customer.
Steve Angel: Martin, I prefer not to get into specifics about which companies that we are looking at divesting. And you will – just all I’m going to say is really, we’re pretty active as we look at businesses and geographies that we don’t think belong in our portfolio long term, from a strategic standpoint. And you’ll hear more about that as the year progresses.
Steve Angel: Well, I don’t know exactly how the trading scheme is going to work at this point. I believe that these are management targets. So we decided as a team, these are things that we wanted to go after. As I said earlier, renewable power has a lot to do – the availability of renewable power has a lot to do with what our emissions profile ultimately looks like. And the sooner the world converts to renewable, the best better off we will be. We’re going to be very active in terms of going out and contracting for renewable power. And that’s how you are able to increased purchases from $1 billion to $2 billion. But as far as reaching carbon neutrality at some point in the future, there are other things that would need to happen. Beyond 100% renewable power, we will need I think a very strong carbon tax around the world. We need advancements in technology, all things that can be achieved, but they just take a longer time frame.
Steve Angel: Yes. So, as there are big inventory builds in memory chips, prices dropped precipitously, Samsung did not have best quarter they’ve ever had. They announced here recently. So that is what’s – that’s really been in the news I think the last several quarters in 2019. Most people think that it will be better, that this bottom, that it’s going to improve in 2020 and it’s going to improve based on a lot of the trends that I mentioned earlier. So I don’t have a number for you, but I think it should be better in 2020, and certainly when we start up some of these big projects that will be quite additive.
Steve Angel: Yes. So, hard goods year-over-year is down double digits. Gas is flat, hard goods sequentially, Q3 to Q4, is down high-single digits, whereas gas is flat. So clearly hard goods is feeling the effect, gas is not nearly so much so. Looking forward into the year with respect to trade agreements, I think to the extent that we supply large capital equipment, export companies that will have some positive effect, I quite frankly don’t think it’s going to be a huge number, but it could have some positive effects.
Matt White: So right now, when you look at the range that we laid out on the project backlog, absolutely, yes. When you look at the economic inclusive of the FX, if the FX were zero, the upper-end may have negligible to slightly positive growth. And again, this is just an IP look at this stage. As Steve mentioned, there are actions to try and grow above IP even on the base merchant package with some of the technology. You may view this outlook as conservative, but this is how we’ve looked at it at this point. And that section there is what’s driving most of the range at this stage, but rest assured, if the economy performs better, we will absolutely capture that. Remember, it’s a contractual business even in the merchant and to a large extent, package. And we obviously would also be taking appropriate actions to try and mitigate any decline in various markets. But right now, the view is, is that the base would be slightly up to negative. And then the project contributions will continue to come through as expected.
Matt White: This is Matt, again, Jeff. I can answer the first part of the question. Absolutely, you’re right. You are correct. The $800 million that we had in 2019 will be much lower in 2020. I would say at least $500 million. Because to your exact point, a lot of the merger costs are behind us on a cash basis. They’re going to be some small ones on some of the final divestitures that occurred here in the back half of the year. You just have some late either income taxes or payments of invoices. And so that part will have some effect in the first half, but then from here on out, it’ll be mostly restructuring. And I think as it’s been discussed in prior calls, Asia was probably the first out of the gate and corporate Americas. We are in the midst of some in Europe. So I think you will still see some of that effect going through, definitely through 2020, and possibly depending upon the economies, could extend into 2021. That will be – to be determined. But at this stage, from a cash perspective, absolutely it would be a decline from 2019 to 2020.
Matt White: So David, you’re exactly right. We are looking for a target rating of Aa2 and our current balance sheet has significant room to go to reach there, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. So we ended the year at a net debt figure it of around $11 billion. Clearly, we’re going to raise that. My view is probably $2 billion is kind of a round number that I think we would – at a minimum, look to raise it, possibly more, depends on conditions – a lot of different conditions. But I think when you look at – like I mentioned, in 2019, we were able to distribute and utilize almost $12 billion of capital. So I think we had a good start. And we were able to – proceeds were higher than anticipated, cash was higher than anticipated, those are good problems to have. So, we probably got a little bit behind on deploying the capital, but that’s just gives us more ample dry powder and opportunity as we look forward. So nobody knows what will happen in the markets, but we will continue to have a very strong balance sheet that we can leverage and utilize, and that’s something we’ll continue to do.
Matt White: Hey Bob, it’s Matt. I could probably answer that. I think when you look at the price/cost inflation productivity, those – you can look at either way, do you put price net of inflation, or do you put productivity net of inflation. But I would say, the combination of those two were contributors of the largest amount, if you want to call it the management self-help. I think from a backlog perspective, we are expecting more in 2020 than in 2019, due to the start up range. Share repurchases. Obviously, we repurchased on a net basis $2.6 billion in 2019. $2.6 billion. Looking forward, we have ample capacity to do that or more. The base volume FX. FX was quite severe at minus 4%, but the base volumes as you saw was actually positive 2%. So that would’ve created a negative 2%. We are anticipating a worse outlook in 2020 than that. So if 2019’s macroeconomic was a repeat in 2020, obviously that would be a positive for us all around on this assumption. But at this stage – again, this is an assumption. We’re not projecting that we know the future. We just have an assumption or trying to lay out the basic guidelines, and we’ll manage the business accordingly.
Matt White: Yes. Vincent. It’s Matt. You’re absolutely right. If you break it down between the project and between the base, the base CapEx we absolutely are expecting probably $100 million, $200 million kind of synergies that we would anticipate to see on a year-over-year basis. And realize as I stated, in that base, there are small growth projects, like the 30 VPSAs that we had recently announced. So when we can get those, we’ll take those all day long. So they can cause some quarterly number movement. But in the end of the day, we definitely anticipate some synergies in that line. As far as the project, frankly the bigger that number is, the happier I am, because that means we’re ahead on our project schedule. So that one is pretty much just lockstep with our engineering project outlooks in terms of timing and construction. But those are, as you can imagine, very tightly managed on a project basis from our engineering team. And that’s something that we’ll just continue to build to our schedules.
Matt White: Hey John, this is Matt. That’s not a number we disclose. But I can tell you it’s a meaningful part of that number, and it’s something we evaluate. But as you can imagine, when you get into things like transportation, cylinder, storage, equipment, tanks, it gets a very fine line what is growth, what is replacement. So this is something internally we spend a lot of time on. But it’s just not a number externally that we disclose. But I can tell you on like VPSAs and those type plants that we have announced, they are under $5 million of spend, but there are in the upper end. So they’re $4 million to $5 million. Sometimes, they could be a little lower. So those would be included in this number as well.
Matt White: And just, Mike, this is Matt. As a reminder, we have a very strong Canadian and Mexican franchise as well. So I think regardless of which side of the border and where that goes, we feel quite confident in our ability to capture the business.
