Steve Angel: Thanks, Ron and good morning, everyone. Linde employees delivered another solid quarter, continuing Q2's record EPS performance despite increasingly challenging market conditions. Operating cash flow and return on capital reached record levels. and our project backlog nearly doubled, providing a strong foundation for high quality long-term growth. We also stepped up our commitment to reducing our greenhouse gases emission's footprint, and Sanjiv will share that roadmap with you. But frankly, this isn't something new, it's what we committed to our shareholders since the merger, and have been delivering on ever since, irrespective of the macro environment.  Most of you know this, but I think it bears repeating; our operating culture runs deep at Linde. Our people take great pride in demonstrating continuous improvement across the key operating metrics in their business. The best day of the month for our management team is when we review the operating performance of each of our regional business units. This is what we do for fun in Dan Berry, among other things. I'm sure you've seen the announcement earlier this week where I will become the Chairman of the Board and Sanjiv will become CEO effective March 1st.. This appointment is the combination of a diligent three-years succession planning process in which Sanjiv clearly demonstrated he was the right choice to lead this Company going forward.  I will continue to work to provide guidance both from the perspective of a director and a significant shareholder. But my primary responsibility shifts to chairing the Board of Directors while Sanjiv takes over day-to-day management of the Company. Supporting Sanjiv is a highly capable and experienced leadership team. I have been CEO for 15 years, and I have never felt better about how the Company is positioned. Obviously, our strategy is working well, and the team is executing at a high level. Some say we are a well oiled machine, I wouldn't disagree. We are a Company for all seasons and I'm confident Linde's best days lie ahead.  Before handing off to Sanjiv, I would like to take a moment and thank [Indiscernible] for his partnership in bringing our highly successful merger to fruition; and our directors and investors for their continuing support. Lastly, I want to thank our employees worldwide, for creating the leading industrial gases and engineering Company in the world. I will now hand the call over to Sanjiv.
Steve Angel: Thank Bob. I'll take that very quickly. I agree with you that there has been significant and continuing momentum in the space and I'm very pleased to suggest that we are seeing a reflection of that in the activities that we are actively pursuing. I'll start off by just describing what the opportunity pipeline looks like because that's reflective of the level of activity that Linde is seeing, and then talk a little bit about the particular areas where we see some of that momentum reflected now. Starting off with the projects that we're looking at, as you know, we run this monthly call on the hydrogen council that Linde runs internally. We've got about 260 projects in our pipeline.  We've got a probability weighted -- a conservatively probability weighted number in terms of investment decisions of up to 4 -- 4+ billion now. And these are decisions we expect to see happen in the next 3 years or so. In the past, you've heard me say that we expect to see us investing about a billion a year, roughly in the space, and then on top of that, there may be some megaprojects that come along as well. So that's just to give you a sense of the level of activity that there is happening around that space. Now remember, and I've said this before, Bob, so you'll recall. Linde has a unique position in what is happening in the evolving space around clean energy. We've described to you previously, under de-carbonization, we look at carbon solutions and we look at hydrogen in the hydrogen space. We obviously are very mindful and interested in the developments around blue hydrogen. We see that as a very important transition in this clean energy road map that lies ahead. And this is where we're seeing significant pick up in terms of activity. We are currently involved in a number of projects which have a range of investments, and those are progressing well.  And again, for projects in the space to make sense, you need 3 things to be happening. You need the technology provider, in this case that is us for carbon capture. You need partnerships to ensure that you have been looking at sequestration effectively with partners who have longstanding experience and knowledge of that space. We're currently actively pursuing those as well. Of course, Todd, very importantly, you need an offtaker, you need a partner who is willing to stay in the game and actually off stake the blue hydrogen that comes off that and is able to create some value as a result of that.  For us those 3 things are very important. And again, I'm pleased to say that we are seeing those partnerships actually gather a lot of momentum as we move forward. I'll stop there for a moment and give you -- see if that answered your question.
Steve Angel: So the way I'd answer that, I think Bob, is just to remind you a lot of -- so firstly, lots of announcements. I think you see them, we see them every day. And every morning I wake up to this long list of announcements that are happening. A large number of people who make those announcements have either never seen or heard of hydrogen before this. Most of them don't even understand that we have a colorless molecule that obviously is now defined by very, very many colors. But anyway putting that aside in terms of experience and expertise, the reality is, there will be a number of players who will make a difference in this space, and as part of that, you will see a range of outcomes. You will see us competing where we need to, and you will see us partnering with a number of those as well.
Steve Angel: Just to add a comment to what Sanjiv said, this is Steve. I think as we go forward, I don't like to ever hear the word peak margins because I don't -- never have believed in peak margins. And when we say our best days are ahead, you got to keep in mind that we are going through a period where there has been a tremendous amount of cost that came through the system, mostly in the form of power. If you were to look at EMEA, for example, costs increased 25% to 30% between Q2 and Q3. So that's a lot of cost that comes at you at once. We instantly passed that through as I mentioned on the on-site piece, but it takes a few months, up to 6 months to be able to recover all of that through the merchant and the package business.  But if you think going forward over time and you heard us describe this model before, we take the top line or we're able to leverage that through pricing and productivity to deliver increased EBITDA margins over the long term. And we've been able to do that for many years and that's really going to be the model that we will be in going forward especially as we clear this immediate wave of cost inflation that's coming through the system and we deal with that in a very positive way in the coming quarters.
Steve Angel: Well, given I'm not going to be the CEO past March, first, I really don't want to provide too much long-range thinking about return on capital, but I think if you go back to what I said about being able to take growth converted to higher levels of profitability, good capital management, over the time we should be able to march the return on capital number up a little higher. With respect to the 50/50 comment, if you think about when we book -- [Indiscernible] gas projects, they typically are in the hundreds of millions of dollar range. If you look at the TSMC project, that's $600 million of capital investment, that would be tied for our largest with Samsung.  When we see [Indiscernible] gas it tends to be -- that's a very big project, and clearly, we land ed some very large projects, third-party projects with Linde Engineering. And that obviously, shifted the waiting in terms of whatever that is 75%, 80% of the total backlog is third-party sales and is driven by these very large projects. Matt alluded to this, these very large projects had very strong contractual terms. They are very high quality of contracts, I will say. We have cash flows that -- incoming cash flows that certainly are well ahead of our cost outlays as we work through these projects. So they're excellent projects and we're delighted to have them.
Steve Angel: I'll just put a point on Sanjiv's excellent response to that. If you think about decarbonization and the cost of capturing and the cost of sequestration, it can vary $80 to 120, something like that. And to really tip the scales in terms of capital investment, to decarbonize you're going to need something like that in terms of a carbon price. Up until now the 45Q can work in certain projects, it's $50 the low carbon fuel standard California provide s some support too. But as we look forward to really make meaningful strides to decarbonization, you're going to need a stronger carbon price. That's our view.
Steve Angel: Okay, Sanjiv, I'll add something. Just to build on that, if you were to look at the cost of hydrogen today and you were to use the U.S. Gulf Coast, which obviously we produce a lot of hydrogen, we use a lot hydrogen in the U.S. Gulf Coast, gray hydrogen is about a $1.30 kilogram, and that's at 5-50 natural gas. Carbon capture would add another 40-50 cents, maybe you're in the 1.17 range, and if you think about green, it's like about $4.5 a kilogram. And out of that probably 2.50, you call it, is the renewable power cost.  And so if renewable power was free, then you would still have $2 and we all know renewable power isn't free, so we have some work to do to bring those costs down in terms of capital costs, operating costs and as you were to work that down below that $2 number, then you've got a chance to have something competitive. So you did the combination of low-cost renewable, low-cost capital, low-cost operate, low-cost capital, and better efficiencies, and then you can drive that number lower. And I would say ideally below two, but certainly in that range would be, is what's needed.
Steve Angel: For everyone online, thank you so much for attending today's call. For your reference, the copy of our transcript will be posted on our website within the next 24 hours. Thank you for listening and if you need anything else, let me know. Take care.
Matt White: Thanks, Sanjiv. Please turn to Slide 7 for an overview of the third quarter results. Sales of $7.7 billion increased 12% over last year and 1% from the second quarter. Cost pass-through, which represents the contractual billing of energy cost variances, primarily in the OnSite business rose 3% over last year, and 2% sequentially. Recall that cost pass-through has no effect on profit dollars, but will impact profit margins as we grows up or down sales and variable cost. Foreign exchange was a 2% tailwind versus prior year, but a 1% headwind sequentially, as most currencies have recently devalued against the U.S. dollar. Excluding these items, underlying sales grew 11% over prior year and 1% sequentially.  The 8% volume increase over last year was broad-based across all geographies and end markets as we continue to see recovery from the pandemic. Sequentially, volumes are flat as contribution from project start-ups were mostly offset by lower volumes in China. Pricing levels are up 3% from last year and 1% from the second quarter, as we continue to adjust merchant and packaged gas product pricing in line with local inflation. Note that some of these contracts have lagging recovery mechanisms, which may not take effect for 2 to 6 months, depending upon the terms and conditions. Operating margin of 23.6% is a 150 basis points above 2020, but 60 basis points below the high mark set in the second quarter.  Excluding the impact of cost pass-through, operating margin would have increased 220 basis points above last year and had a negligible decline sequentially. As mentioned, merchant and package cost recovery can lag 1-2 quarters. So going forward, I expect continued pricing momentum. EPS of $2.73 is up 27% over last year from higher volumes and price over a relatively stable cost base. As both Steve and Sanjiv mentioned, Linde has a strong productivity culture, which enables consistent profit growth irrespective of the economic climate. This is also evident in the 16.7% return on capital, which represents another record as profit continues to grow double-digit percent over a flat capital base.  The reason we've been able to maintain such a steady capital base, is due to a combination of disciplined capital management and healthy cash-generation, which I'll cover on Slide 8. You can see it to the left, our operating cash progression, resulting in a record level of $2.6 billion in the third quarter. The three main drivers are stronger earnings, timing benefits from last quarter, and engineering contract prepayments. In light of the record sale of planned backlog, I anticipate further project prepayments into the next few quarters.  As far as how we allocated year-to-date cash, the pie chart to the right shows $2.3 billion invested into the business and $4.8 billion distributed back to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. Note that investments exclude sale of plan since we are paid in advance for engineering projects, which means that we are committing much larger amounts towards contractually secured growth, than what's shown on this chart. In addition to generating significant surplus cash, we have access to very attractive capital through the debt markets. In September, we issued almost EUR2 billion at 5, 12 and 30-year maturities with all-in coupons of 0%, 0.38% and 1% respectively. Overall, the combination of excess cash generation and low cost incremental debt gives us a high degree of confidence to maintain shareholder-friendly allocation policies over the long term. I'll wrap things up with guidance on Slide 9. The fourth-quarter EPS guidance range of $2.60 to $2.70 is 13% to 17% above last year, and 38% to 43% above 2019. Consistent with prior quarters, we believe it's important to distinguish true multiyear growth from mere recovery of 2020 recessionary conditions.  Versus the third quarter, this range represents a sequential decrease due to normal seasonal declines, plus an estimated 1% foreign currency headwind. Underlying volumes are assumed to be roughly in line with the third quarter. But if current conditions hold out, expect to be at the upper end of this range. This quarterly update results in a new full-year guidance of $10.52 to $10.62 cents, which represents a growth rate of 28% to 29% over 2020, and 43% to 45% over 2019. In summary, another solid quarter despite some challenging conditions. And regardless of the macro, we remain confident in Linde's ability to continue delivering industry leading performance. I'd now like to turn the call over to Q&A.
Matt White: Yes, sure. I can handle that one Nicola. As you could imagine on the onsite business, we have our fixed payments, whether it's a facility payment or an MTOP. So from that perspective, we tend not to really have much risk to the production volumes. Given that it's not really anything I would be overly concerned with. In fact, if anything, what we've seen, especially on our more industrial customers, they tend to run in harder. You could think steel, you could think refining, given the environment they're and the margins that they're making on some of these products as far as the merchant and realized the package, it's a high rent business, so the volatility of the customers demand will really only affect the gas molecules.  And what we're seeing, especially in Americas and parts of Europe still seeing pretty strong growth across that package business, so I think that's been quite good. But on the merchant side, now we really haven't seen any significant negative changes. It's been up pretty much across the board. And you can imagine, the customers want to produce. They want to make as much product as they can in this environment, given their opportunity to get some pricing. So from that perspective, we haven't seen any material effect on that. There may be some small pockets, but nothing that's coming up to the aggregate level.
Matt White: Yes. David, this is Matt. That's not a number we're going to provide publicly. But I think if you look at the sequential margin profile and you adjust for the stated cost pass-through that obviously associates itself with the on-site business, some of those differentials could -- of the remaining amount are things that we would want to be gone chasing related to some timing-related. And as you can imagine, EMEA has a much larger package and merchant percent than on-site. so that will also play into having a larger proportion of costs that need to be captured on a delay. And one thing I just want to be clear on is, this lag is normal.  This lag is inherent in the industry. We have faced this lag since our inception, going back decades. It just so happens in this particular quarter, the movement of the energy prices, the movement of some of these numbers are faster in a shorter time period. So given that, you're going to have some recovery, that'll be next quarter and the quarter after. But EMEA would be probably disproportionately larger than most other regions with that lag, just given the packaged and merchant exposure.
Matt White: As you could -- as I stated in the prepared remarks, yeah, we absolutely anticipate and expect the pricing momentum to continue and this is something that, as we go and recover this, that will play into it, so that's our expectation.
Matt White: David, I could start with the cash and then -- and Sanjiv could talk about the backlog project itself. Just to make sure we level set and get the accounting correct. This is sale of plant, so this never touches CapEx. This is under percent completion accounting, so what happens is, the backlog that we have actually translates essentially one-to-one to sales, $1 backlog equals $1 of sales. And as we construct it, it goes to inventory, and then when we meet the criteria, it's released out of inventory to sales. Therefore, it never actually hits CapEx given the nature of how this structure works. And then as the prepayments come in, they sit on the balance sheet as a liability. And then, obviously, we work and deliver the performed work which then goes against that liability, to relieve that liability as we deliver.  So this is a classic percent completion accounting style. Given that, and maybe let's talk about the cash flow real quick. In this business, in this industry of engineering and percent completion. When you're in a declining backlog, what tends to happen is your cash outflows are obviously higher than your inflows because you are delivering on the work, the engineering, the procurement, and you basically think of a book-to-bill ratio. So as your book-to-bill ratio starts to drop, you're going to have more cash outflow than inflow. Now that trend has reversed. We've actually had more outflow than inflow over the last few quarters because we were building off a backlog that was shrinking. Now it has grown dramatically. That process is reversing.  As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have a few quarters we expect some prepayments, given the size and increase of this. And then we'll work them down over the next several years as the outflows go. But you still have more backlog that if you win, it can mitigate that. So that's how to think about this, it's not in CapEx, that's why I said in prepared remarks, the growth that we have is much greater than what's being shown in CapEx because of this delivering. As Sanjiv had mentioned, we're going to be probably mid-single-digit in terms of our contribution. So hopefully, that makes sense, but I can hand it off to Sanjiv to talk about the project.
Matt White: Yes. Jeff, I can answer that. When you're getting paid to take commercial paper 65 basis points, you do end up a little bit of a grossing up of your cash and your CP. So yeah, we're still getting paid up till 5 years on the curve with Europe, so our cash balances are swelling a little bit. Now those are U.S. dollar cash balances, so they are earning a return. But we're also earning a return on what we're borrowing. So at this point that is causing a bit of a swelling. But as you've seen, between our projects that we're undertaking, between some of the shareholder-friendly actions we're taking, we're going to keep working those cash balances down.
Sanjiv Lamba: This is an area that requires strong partnerships for that initial momentum and the ecosystem development to really happen. and I see that development happened where we are speaking to a range of partners across different areas helping move this along. I don't particularly see this as a space that you're going to see the intensity of competition being any different to what we see otherwise.
Sanjiv Lamba: Duffy, thanks. Let me get into it and I'll start off by just taking a step back and outlining the healthcare space that we operate in, and also reminding everyone that we have strong leadership in that space. We think of our healthcare business in two different areas: we look at hospital care, where we are the primary provider of medical gases to hospitals; and of course, a home care business, where as you referenced Lincare is a very, very important player in the U.S., but we obviously have smaller home care businesses elsewhere in the world as well. Thinking structurally above that business, let me just say to you, there are two things happening as we speak. Obviously, you've heard us talk about how we've -- how that businesses supported and save lives and supported hospitals and patients at home over the last 18 plus months now. So clearly, it's played a very important role, [Indiscernible] in particular, in the U.S. was almost seen as a second line of defense supporting COVID patients at home through the respiratory offerings that we have. What has happened as a consequence of the pandemic is that a number of regulators and governments have, in the best way to describe it, as woken up to the realities of how they need to manage this more professionally in terms of storage, in terms of piping, in terms of infrastructure necessary for these high levels of medical gases and oxygen in particular to be delivered to their infrastructure and network. We have been participating in many of those conversations. In fact, most governments have reached out to us seeking support and help in structuring those conversations. And we are obviously leading many of those conversations across the world today, where we are helping government and regulators make sure that they have a well thought through infrastructure program and a development process around how they will manage this this is going forward. A kind of pandemic preparedness a little bit late in the day but nonetheless important to make sure for the future. The reason I mentioned this is because this means, as we move forward, we are going to see continuing activity in the space. We will be participating in those activities and expecting a level of growth out of that. We've said this before, David you've heard us described mid-single-digit growth for our healthcare business overall. And I still maintain that we will see that obviously in the Lincare world in particular tuck-in acquisition of something that we are very interested in excited about.  We'll continue to see those come through, adding onto that mid-single-digit or contributing to that mid-single-digit that are referenced earlier on as well. I do see this a solid secular growth trend. I see it progressing with that strong mid-single-digit growth that I described earlier on. And I see us seeing areas in the world where we will see that probably grow -- not probably, we'll grow at a higher pace, Asia being one such example. Again, because of the strength of our footprint there, we have the ability to make sure that we leverage that footprint for that incremental growth in Asia as an example.
Sanjiv Lamba: All right. So I have to say I expected that question, so that's good. Now, allow me to take a bigger step back and just go back to what we said maybe a couple of earnings calls before. We committed to delivering a 10-plus percent EPS growth for the midterm. As you can imagine, I feel pretty confident about that today as I'm sitting here. It's obviously supported by this very strong backlog that you just referenced. I have to say that this strong backlog will provide us with mid-single-digit EPS growth, if you like, for the next 4 years or so. So that's a pretty strong contributor right there for you.  Now, on 2022 specifically, specifically, I'm going to say to you that in about 3 weeks time, we're going to spend 3 whole days with every region around the world going through our planning meeting. Steve mentioned to you how we had fun in Danbury, this is going to be one of those fun events. We will review, we'll dissect, we'll analyze their numbers, and then in the end we'll agree with them what they need to deliver for 2022. Some looking forward to coming back in January and giving you an update on the outlook and our guidance for 2022, once we've had this meeting.
Sanjiv Lamba: Yes, I can answer that. Tony that's, right. You can see the margins moving up experts through your nearer margins are up. And a strong showing by all the segments within that. I think we see that momentum or what we've been working on playing out in Q3. Now, I don't really -- as I mentioned earlier on, we're going into the spanning cycle on 2022. I have to say, one variables as we think about this is, how does inflation play out and how does -- how do energy cost play out in the year ahead. I don't really want to be forecasting that to be honest. But what I do want to give you is some assurance on the pricing which then clearly then flows into the margin piece and addresses your question, which is, you can expect us to always be keeping pace with inflation, global inflation. And that really is a reflection of how we will do that management around the pass-through elements in particular, and pricing beyond that. And that's what we'll then come back through the leverage we have down to the operating margin that you will see. So hopefully, you will come back and tell you in January what we think is the outlook for 2022 with a bit more precision. But for now, you can expect us to keep base on the pricing side with any cost inflation that we're seeing.
Sanjiv Lamba: Tony, as we put those targets up and we've built a roadmap around that clearly, you would have seen in our description of how we want to achieve that. We are working -- Our mission here is to support our customers in that decarbonization attempt and ensuring that we have the technology and the solutions necessary for that. Now we make those commitments, keeping in mind the broader decarbonization trend that is happening. And of course in our support of that, we will need to make investments along the way, which we look at on a project-by-project basis. And each of those investments, we've said this previously, obviously need to live up to our investment criteria.  They will of course, be supported by incentives and carbon pricing carbon penalties, as the case might be, which actually makes that economic case necessary for that transition to successfully happen as we move forward. I fully expect us to see those economically feasible cases, workout. Ones that will actually have to meet our investment criteria as we support this broader transitions for our industry. As you know well, Tony, whatever we emit ourselves, is really there to ensure that we are helping our customers either abate, avoid, or completely eliminate emissions. And that goal continues to be what we'll focus on going forward.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Matt. Jeff, let me just talk through the project a little bit and give you a little bit of color on that. We have -- the 6 billion incremental two large wins that we're talking about are the reason why you're seeing this significant buildup in our backlog. We're very happy with these invests -- with these projects, I have to tell you. They are with a very high-quality customer. I am going to name the customer now just for you, which is Gazprom. It's a customer with whom we have excellent relationships. We have got great experience thus far. We've got solid contract terms which makes us pretty comfortable around taking on these large projects. Also as Matt referenced, strong cash flows. I want to remind you also that these cash flows tend to come in, the inflows are ahead of any commitments we make.  We tend to be net positive as far as our cash goals are concerned. And of course, it's in an area where we've got good experience of execution. Again, we put all of that together. That's the project. Now, what are we building? Let me just give you a little bit of color on that. We are building some GPPs, this are gas processing plants for Gazprom at the site, Ust-Luga and we're also building in a separate project also at that same-site, which is a separate win, but an important one also, is an LNG plant for them. I expect natural gas, developments will continue given the energy challenges that the world is seeing. And this is a major milestone as Gazprom have continued down the path of investing in that space.
Sanjiv Lamba: Thanks, Jeff. It's a good question. I think that when you think about the sustainability targets that we've put out there, '35 -- by '35, there is -- you have to think about the framework within which this is happening. Clearly, there are activities that we can undertake and we are undertaking today which will continue to move in that direction. These are efficiency programs, this is about fleet replacement, etc. There are a number of initiatives that are ongoing and we'll continue to work towards which will execute towards that. But it's also correct to say that even today that our government initiatives -- the government incentives available, so we're not suggesting that there is a complete void over here and then we need to complete remake off that.  In the U.S., we have the 45-Q that is being effectively utilized to look at investment profiles like this. Now, I have to be honest and tell you that I'd much rather that 45-Q, which currently provides $45 to $50 per ton of CO2, be anywhere between $90 to $110 per CO2. That's where I would see the inflection point at which momentum for development of these projects would significantly ramp up because there had been economic case for it. In Europe, clearly there's the ETFs, the trading scheme that is currently valuing CO2 anywhere between EUR60 to EUR65 per ton. So again, as we see that move forward where there is a plan. Similarly in Canada and South Korea and in Australia.  I could name a number of countries where these incentives or penalties are coming into place today. So we are working in that environment. We think that more support is necessary, but there isn't a complete lack of support. So a number of our projects will be relying on the support infrastructure that's available through the incentives and penalties, to leverage off that to continue down the decarbonization trend. And of course, as we look longer-term to carbon neutrality, in our assumption when we think about our roadmap, clearly we've got some levels of support available. The range anywhere between $100-$200 per ton of CO2 in equivalents term, longer-term to make sure that we get to that level of climate neutrality that we're talking about as being the goal that we achieved by then.
Sanjiv Lamba: P.J. the way I'm going to answer that question is to take you back a step and just remind you of some of the messaging that we provided in the previous earnings calls. So I've said before that when people think about what hydrogen is most appropriate, one of the things you have to think about is the strength individual countries have, the assets that they have. Where countries today have hydrocarbon assets, have natural gases as an asset, we firmly believe that they will pursue the part of blue hydrogen because that is the most meaningful -- that's the most meaningful way to move forward on this transition. The reason it's meaningful is because it's to scale, it can be done today and we're not waiting for technology developments to happen. And I'll talk about [Indiscernible] in a minute, but you'll hear me reflect that comment over there as well. The answer is where we see that natural gas resource available in the U.S., in Canada, Australia, Russia, Middle East, we believe -- we know that those countries are actively pursuing and we're looking at a number of counter-parties over there as partners, looking at some of those developments ourselves. And the Slide 18 gives you a sense that Linde Engineering 's technology portfolio allows us to be able to flex any technical solution. We are uniquely positioned to provide that technical solution for our blue hydrogen output whether it's using an SMR, whether it's using an ATR, or whether it's using gasifier. We have the ability and technology to both provide the technology packages, execute them, and operate them ourselves because of the expertise we have. That's as far as blue hydrogen is concerned and I do see a lot of momentum building up in that space and we are very active in that space as well. Let's talk about ITM and order of in taken backlog going forward. Now, you're asking me to project 5 years out. I have to tell you, the only thing I'm going to project 5 years out is to tell you that the technology roadmap that we have going with ITM through our joint venture with them is to make sure that that product scales up and that product then has the capital efficiency and operating efficiency in scale up to be able to then execute projects of a reasonable size. I'm going to give you a very quick example of that.  So to date, as we are building [Indiscernible] as you know, you've heard us announce this before. We are building a 24 megawatt electrolyzer complex there. Those 24 megawatts will come from two megawatt modules, that's the largest PEM electrolyzer module available in the world today. We're working with ITM to scale that up. We are hoping to scale that up based on a technology roadmap in literally months to 5 megawatts and then beyond that to 20 megawatts, etc. At that point in time, a 100 megawatt module -- again, projects that we're actively working on today that are getting some preferential positioning as far as some European funding is concerned as well.  Those will then move from 50 units of 2 megawatts, which you can imagine on the most efficient structure, to maybe 5 units of -- or 20 units of 5 megawatts, or 5 units of 20 megawatts, as scale-up happens along the way. The fact that that scale-up is happening, the fact that the technology road map is providing that capital efficiency and economies of scale is happening right now and preparing us for what's likely to happen in the next 5 years. I don't want to speculate at this stage as to what that likely backlog might look like 5 years down the road, but clearly I'm encouraged by the developments I see.
