SteveAngel: Okay, thanks, Bob. This is Steve. Thanks for the question. First of all, I need to give a shout out to my daughter today. It's her 30th birthday. So Happy Birthday, Logan. She only cares about the share price by the way she won't be listening in. So Bob, as we think about continuing to expand margins. Obviously, that's in our sights that are built into our plans. We're given clear guidance on double digit earnings growth. And as Matt described, even at the low end, there's no real volume expectation and at the higher end, there's a low single digit volume expectation. So obviously, we're going to lever up the EBIT quite a bit off of a pretty small volume assumption, and then we'll lever that further through share buybacks; and I didn't really go back and calculate the number, but clearly, it's going to be another significant move. That's the plan in terms of EBIT margin expansion, and I think, as Matt probably said a couple times we don't really know what's going to happen this year. I mean, we are looking at January, obviously, the results are pretty encouraging. One month doesn't make a quarter and one month certainly doesn't make a year so we certainly have to be a little more cautious in terms of what could happened in the second half of the year.
SteveAngel: Well, I mean, we obviously think coming off the electrolyzer that volume that we're selling through the pipeline system to some existing chemical customers. And we can identify those molecules that are not a problem. It's clearly at a premium, a substantial premium. And just while you're on that point, talking about, this project, this is kind of the quintessential industrial gas supply project where we have multiple modes of supply in one targeted geography which is in Luna. So we have gas molecules going down the pipeline, as we just discussed, we have gas molecules that will be going into tube trailers, to supply train stations to supply buses. We're liquefying some of those molecules to distribute to trucking and general industry. So it really is a typical integrated supply system. It just happens to be around green hydrogen this time. And it's in a location where we already have a strong presence to your point.
SteveAngel: Okay. So backlog contribution, 2% is kind of, I think the right number you should use kind of 2% on the top 2% on the bottom. And that's really kind of been our ongoing rate. We have fairly strong CapEx startups, lineup of startups in 2021. Of course, it's during different times a year, so you don't get all the contributions in 2021. They tend to roll over. It's always difficult to talk about what you think a year end backlog number is going to be because it's really a function of, you know what you've got in front of you that you're going to book and I certainly alluded to a very large project that we're looking forward to talk telling you more about in the not too distant future. But what happens during the remainder of the year is kind of a function of, I'd say, the pace of clean energy projects, maybe the pace of electronics projects. If demand comes back that generally provides projects for we see more project activity, more of our traditional industries, like petrochemical and metals, but that kind of -- we have to kind of wait and see. There's not much going on obviously in that latter category at this point, it's more around electronics and clean energy. So the CapEx spend is pretty consistent. Again, it doesn't move that much, unless the backlog really starts to drop year-over-year-over-year, then you'd see that large project spend continued to drop. The base CapEx is more consistent. There's lots of little growth opportunities inside of that I said 33 or 36 Mall on site that we booked in 2020. There we have a very strong focus on that we like those projects. There are good opportunities in some of these markets that Sanjiv alluded to that we'll spend some CapEx against to capitalize on that growth. So yes, I do think semiconductors will continue to be a very strong opportunity. Sanjiv talked about that in his comments as well. It's how we work today, virtually, it's the Internet of Things, it's chips that are going to go on everything, especially in automobiles. So semiconductor opportunity is going to be very strong. We've been talking about this for two years; we're well positioned in places like South Korea, Taiwan and China, which is really kind of the axis of where all the semiconductor fabs have been built. There is some new activity; obviously, the US is trying to go more prime in terms of having domestic semiconductor fabrication. 
SteveAngel: Well, I think with respect to helium, I mean, it's down year-over-year, we did see some sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4, we'll kind of have to wait and see what happens this time in coming out of January and during the quarter, but if you kind of look at some of the elements of that, there's a significant piece that's electronics, obviously, that's going to do well. I think the industrial volumes will kind of move as the industry recovers. Balloons are clearly down have been down will continue to be down and I don't have to explain why. And then there's a piece of it for us that's also tied to MRI that looks kind of stable to maybe slightly up. So it looks to me like there's going to be sequential improvement. Not at a rapid pace but certainly sequential improvement on volumes going forward. I would say in terms of refinery volumes what I look at is hydrogen. Clearly in Q4, we're down something like 7% or so year-over-year. So up a little bit from Q3. And starting off in January, I'm looking at like January versus December, and I'm seeing plus 8% kind of numbers on volume. So they are starting to improve. I think you know what the drivers are behind their end markets clearly jet fuel is very weak, still diesel a bit strong, gasoline is weaker. And what one would have to expect is as you get deeper into the year and COVID gets behind is particularly in places like the US that you would see hydrogen volumes improve and should improve considerably. We also have some new project startups that will augment that. And then if you get into like liquid hydrogen volumes, which aren't necessarily tied with refining but some piece might go into biofuels. That's a pretty -- that's on a pretty positive trend itself. So that's kind of the status of our volume to the refining industry is still down year-over-year. But starting to see some improvement, I would expect that to improve -- could quite a bit in the back half of the year.
SteveAngel: Yes, sure, Peter thanks for the questions. Yes, you're correct. I remember those numbers as well as you do, I didn't have to go look at them to know what we and Praxair once operated, which was pushing 15%. I don't see the reason why this business can't do that, as well. Continue to grow earnings kind of a double digit range. That obviously does a lot to drive the top line and being very efficient in terms of how we allocate capital below the line, and we continue to get a little better at that all the time, continuing to invest in good return projects, again, I see no, I'm not going to call it. And somebody told me a long time ago, you give them a number or a date, but don't give them a number and a date. So it goes back to my GE days. But I don't know when what year that's going to be but something that's clearly in our sights. And 30% of our long-term incentive is tied to return on capital. So we have the highest weighting and our LTI. So I'm not the only one that thinks that's an important metric. I think we have 1000s of people, I see Sanjiv smiling that we all know it's the same. Afrox is just is an example of our view in terms of portfolio optimization. I don't like joint ventures, normally speaking, I think, especially for traditional industrial gas businesses. And this was a case this company had a public float. So you could imagine the distractions that go with having a small business in a country like that with a public float. And so by essentially eliminating the public float buying all those shares, and being able to run that country, just like any other country that we operate around the globe, we can focus on all the things that we know are important, which is making that business better every day. Price management efficiency, and there's quite a bit of opportunity and continue to grow cash flow being very prudent with capital, working capital, safety compliance, it's the same list for every country. So I'm pretty confident that we're going to see a pretty nice step up in that case, but there are other examples of that too, that clearly are is on our target list of places that we want to I'll say season control, so we can run them the way we think they should be run.
SteveAngel: All of them. I'm going to, I think I really -- I think Asia certainly has some opportunities. I know Sanjiv would agree with that he made a lot of progress in a very short period of time, but he would see more going forward. I think in EMEA, I mean, certainly at 25% EBIT, you probably surprised some people with the quality of that performance. But we have more work to do there. And we've really kind of just been getting into running EMEA the way that, we know an industrial gas company should be run, they've made excellent strides, and I'm very proud of everything they've done there on price management, on efficiencies, but there's more continuous improvement that can take place there and they know that too. So maybe Asia and EMEA may have a little more opportunity than the Americas but no one gets a pass. No one gets a clear victory. And we think there's opportunity to everywhere and just like I said, Afrox there's a bunch of those scattered around, that we can continue to improve.
SteveAngel: Well, while back looking at that number, I'll kind of give some -- he has it. But I'll just give some commentary on that. Clearly, we had to ramp up a lot of healthcare capabilities around the world to fight COVID. Unfortunately, that's not going to be behind us for a while, I think we can see; you can look at the pace of vaccinations and the advance of these new variants. And I think it's very possible that these variants are going to outpace the world's ability to vaccinate the population, and therefore, they're going to be consuming a lot of oxygen well into 2021. And we might be talking about this, again, and this time in 2022. So I don't think this is going away anytime soon. You correctly pointed out that while we're providing more oxygen to fight COVID, that there are people that are not having elective surgeries, they didn't go into hospitals, and hospitals are focused, obviously on fighting this primary virus. And so there's not as much oxygen that's being sold for more of the elective type or more of the non more the traditional types of activities. I think, post COVID, obviously, the latter will come back. I do think that our businesses like Linde care have clearly demonstrated to the government and large managed care operators, how important it is to have a very strong capable with a wide breadth of capabilities, services, nurses, clinicians, the whole works, that can step in and be a very strong second line of defense for hospitals. And so I think in terms of pandemic preparedness going forward, I think we're in a new world now with respect to our relationship with the government. I feel very confident about that. And so I think that's going to be a positive. So that's a, I guess, a silver lining, if you will, of this COVID gave us a chance to demonstrate what we could do on a homecare basis, not just a broad hospital basis. But it might be this time next year before really talking about a world after COVID. And of course, as oxygen sub subsides may be to fight specifically COVID, then the manufacturing side of the business, the industrial side of the business, there'll be more volumes going that way. I mean I can talk about oxygen being up quite a bit. I can also look at our guns still being down quite a bit because manufacturing has not come back yet. And so there are trade offs, obviously.
SteveAngel: Yes, so I'll take that. If we look at the fourth quarter, it's flat to probably slightly up year-over-year on package gases in the US. And so we got to get back to normal gas a little stronger than hardgoods. In Q4, as I look at January, coming out of the blocks, the trend is stronger. So gas is looks in pretty good shape and hardgoods is still slightly negative at this point, but gas it looks stronger than what I saw in Q4. So what drives that? Agriculture is doing well. Automotives have been strong. Apparently, a lot of people are buying recreational vehicles, maybe some of you on the phone are buying them too, especially gases continues to be strong.
SteveAngel: Yes. I think that's a good point. And that projects specifically, there's two ways to buy power, you can buy it off the grid, you can use your green certificates as part of -- is all part of their renewable energy directive, something like that. I don't remember the name exactly. And then also we can negotiate directly with the utilities, which we have been doing, I feel very competent with where we're going to come out. The way we think about renewable energy, obviously, we are a large user, which gives us some advantages. And being able to combine that to make green hydrogen, or make green hydrogen by using renewable power source in terms of just what you can get off the grid through electrolysis, I think is important to being able to produce and sell 100% carbon free hydrogen. The pricing that we see, I mean, we have a fairly sophisticated group of people, because again, we buy a lot -- we buy, I think it's $3 billion last year of power around the world. So we buy a lot of power, we're pretty sophisticated in terms of how we negotiate contracts. What I've seen, it's been on par with what we would normally get. And so we're not looking to sacrifice economics to claim we have a higher percent renewable, we want to accomplish both. And I think we're up to 37% renewable now. I think we were at 34 so or 33 maybe a couple years ago, so we're making some progress, the goal was to double the original number. And if I remember right, that's like going from a $1 billion renewable power purchases to about $2 billion. So it is something that we're focused on here. And it's, obviously, if the ultimate goal is to be carbon neutral by some date, then obviously, through by either proactively contract renewable power, or just countries naturally green their grids, it's going to be an important part of how we ultimately get there.
SteveAngel: Just one more point to add to that, Sanjiv, you've covered a beautifully. If you go back and look at again, Praxair's history, we go back and look at that 25 year history. We grew earnings per share double digits over that 25 year times span, and that's through recessions as through weak growth periods as through energy crisis, commodity bust, I mean, you name all of that and we were able to do it. Not because volume was just tremendously strong for 25 years, it was a factor. But clearly, good price management and strong productivity. And that's, so we have a track record of knowing how to do this. And the fact that we have now have a much larger organization that hasn't been added quite so long, I think is very encouraging. I am very pleased and very proud of what really the whole organization has done in terms of grabbing on to productivity, but it's not a three year, five year, 10 year or 25 year thing. It's something that you do for the rest of your life.
SteveAngel: Well, obviously this project that it met our return criteria, I mean, the costs are higher. Why? Because renewable power costs are still relatively high around the world, they need to come down as we scale up some kind of looking at as you get into bigger projects. So that's a factor. This is a relatively large PEM, as I said, is the largest one announced 24 megawatts. So this is not where it's going to be 10 years from now, in terms of cost, it's a kind of the early days in terms of producing projects of this size. So the CapEx costs are higher, the OpEx costs are higher. So we know costs need to come down both through the whole electrolysis process, but also in the renewable power. Renewable power is a significant factor of that. So those costs are going to come down. We clearly receive subsidies in this project. In fact, most of these projects, we do receive subsidies, so that clearly helps with these projects. And that's probably important till the costs do come down so that green hydrogen can be competitive. I'd say on its own with gray hydrogen, though there's always going to be some gap. But I think closing that gap is very important. And obviously a carbon price as it's assigned to carbon molecules in the future will help do that. But this project works, obviously, we have negotiations that have been completed before we ever made the announcement. So we know that that the prices work. But there certainly are sensitivities around the market price on the non contracted piece like there would be with any merchant liquid business, and there are sensitivities around the input side on renewable power. And we took very conservative assumptions going into this thinking that we probably were going to end up with a better deal that would help us when we finally conclude the power negotiations. So that's how I'd answer that. But you're right, I've said 50%, it's probably 60% is probably closer to the truth.
SteveAngel: Yes, I mean, I think the answer to your question is yes, they can be repurposed. And unlike perhaps other industries, you got to keep in mind, they use a lot of hydrogen today, you know that, but it's gray hydrogen. So dropping in blue hydrogen, which I think would probably be a very good solution for them. And even green, if you look at Texas, there's lots of renewable power. There's obviously lots of natural gas, you have depleted all reservoir. So I think blue or green can be substituted for gray. I think it'd be very helpful to refineries if the costs come down to enable that. So there is some ability to do that. And I think that's going to happen. I think longer term, it's kind of like probably, other industries in the past that have been having, and they've seen their better growth days perhaps. I'm not the official spokesman on what happens in the refining industry, but what I think is you take a place like the US Gulf Coast, which you have very strong, large scale, and very efficient refineries. They can use, you know the story. They can heavier suite Indiscernible] 1:10:01.8 feedstocks, they're very complex refineries; they can produce the full suite of transportation fuels. They're heavily integrated with the petrochemical industry at large in US Gulf Coast. So I happen to think that, if people think they're going to turn into a dinosaur, they'll probably be the last dinosaurs walking around or going to be down in the US Gulf Coast.
SteveAngel: I mean, there are several projects we have in our sites that were close to closing where we need the co2 for commercial purposes. So the customer has an incentive with the cost of co2 emissions going up, they have an incentive to have us capture that carbon. And we have a use board in terms of commercial, whether it's for greenhouses, whether it's for to make dry ice, Ph control, carbon, carbonation of beverages, all of those are our uses of co2. So we have specific projects, which I think certainly help with economics, where you have an end market use for the co2. We have several projects like that. We have others that we have worked on; working on with, say, coal fire utilities that are looking at carbon capture. We obviously have solutions around. We have multiple solutions around carbon capture, but it can be post combustion, it can be pre combustion. And I think for some of those to move forward, particularly in a place like the United States, you need a more defined cost of carbon of co2. But I think when that happens, and you have to think that this administration is very determined to make that happen. You will see some of these projects move forward. I don't think it's going to be as large as I look at it today. I could be wrong, as perhaps the straight hydrogen opportunities, but they can be significant too.
SteveAngel: Yes. Well, I think as I think about that question, Laurence, there are so many uses for our basic core products, co2, oxygen, and our rare gases, all of our products that they become new uses. And we talk about co2 for greenhouse gases. And of course, you have this little thing called cannabis, which is a growing marketplace. Dry ice for biopharma dry ice to carry it back, dry ice has been around a long time. So there we continue to find good uses and applications, new uses of applications in markets that are growing. If you look at commercial space, we're selling hydrogen, we're selling oxygen, we are selling nitrogen for as rocket propellant, and they call it and with what is used depend on the rocket and the platform and the company. We also sell rare gases that are used in I'll call it satellite mobility. So a lot of new markets that are developing that consume are our basic gases. And as far as I don't like, to stray too far away from our, I'll call it our coordinating our business model is pretty good. And we think we are pretty good at executing this business model. So history has shown us that you never want to lose sight of your strengths. And we won't do that. But certainly any opportunity that's developing that we think lends itself to an industrial gas approach model approach will certainly pursue, we all like growth here. Certainly, that's not a problem. So in terms of acquisitions, I think that we'll be-- you'll be seeing a lot more, we'll be doing a lot in the package gas space, I think we'll do it in the healthcare space. I think those are natural Decaps kind of come and go, you can look at the same Decaps for five years and nothing moves forward. So that's more opportunistic in my mind. As far as blending hydrogen into natural gas, I mean, that is the clear intention of this partnership that we formed with Snam in Italy, which is the largest natural gas operator in Europe. And they're very committed to blending hydrogen in with their natural gas. I have to go back and look I think it's probably at the 10% level. But even that, if you did that across the entire world that's a very significant amount, there are some limitations because you got to start changing out burner equipment on the other end. Compression, you might have to change out compression, depending on how high but make sure you get the hydrogen and certain kind of metallurgy, you have to take a closer look at as hydrogen grows, but it is something that I think is getting closer to fruition.
MattWhite: And Bob, this is Matt, I'll just add one thing to that as well, I mean, long range, we look at the equation of price, productivity cost inflation to be in accretive component to how we think about our earnings and our margins on a go forward basis. So this is beyond the merger. This is beyond anything like that. We don't anticipate temporary cost savings that popped back or anything to that extent, as we've discussed in prior calls. So we see this as a compound value opportunity, as Steve mentioned, and this doesn't assume much volume help at all, at this stage on the organic, obviously, we will have our backlog volume. And then we'll just have to see what happens to the economy, we will take it quarter-by-quarter, and we'll keep giving updates as they occur. But January was better than what we expected. And we'll just have to see how it plays out in the next two months. And we'll give you another update come our next call.
MattWhite: David, yes, this is Matt, I can answer that. So as you saw, we did $2.4 billion net in 2020. And so we're going to continue to sweep the excess cash that we have, and we'll be buying back. Our expectation is we'll be in the market every day. And then when we see opportunities, we may go heavier. That's kind of how we normally play that out. But the $5 billion program, we had to put an expiration date on it as required for Europe. So we just put something out there and kind of July of 2023. But we'll continue to execute and use our excess cash and we'll be in the market daily.
MattWhite: David, sorry, Jeff, this is Matt. I can try and help on the COGS. I mean, it's going to be a couple things as you can imagine. Clearly, with the synergies, while the fixed costs we were able to get at early in most regions, the variable costs tend to take a little more program, sometimes they take some capital. And as we've been evolving on that we've got a better stride there. Also as you know, the engineering business, it runs most things through COGS, and they had a margin expansion, they were running better through some of their absorption, as they were more efficient on how they executed projects and completed projects, that would also have an effect on that given a run through inventory and COGS, on a percent completion. So little bit of mix but also a lot of the effort around the world to just improve the efficiencies across our whole cost stack, not just fixed costs, and variable costs as well. So this is an area that we're going to continue to focus on as part of our productivity programs, which is part of our DNA.
MattWhite: Duffy, yes, I can answer that. So we've said low 80s, obviously, we've been doing better than that. We finished mid-80s here this year, we still did have in 2020, roughly a quarter of a billion dollar of cash related to merger outflows. As you recall about a year ago, we said we expect that number to kind of decline down to about $200 million - $250 million. So I think we were pretty close on that. Looking into 2021, maybe it'll be $100 to $200 million, and they'll start to just phase out by the end of next year or end of this year 2021. So I still am gunning for low 80s. And we obviously internally want to do better than that. And we'd like to try and maintain these mid-80s, where we can, but in the 80 percentiles is where we want to be and obviously, there are seasonality patterns, as you know to our cash. So Q4s are higher Q1s tend to be lower. But this is something we look to grind higher and improve on year on year out. 
SanjivLamba: Thanks, Vince. So let me kind of just elaborate on the point I made earlier on, which is that we see developing opportunity around the biofuels. We see both some regulatory pressure there, which is kind of driving the demand. And therefore we see interest on kind of growing that piece. Now we don't see that as a merchant opportunity. We see that as an on site opportunity. The hydrogen requirements are reasonably substantial. We're looking at a number of projects at the moment where we are working with folks who are looking at developing that further. So we see that interest in the market, we see the demand coming through, we see the interest, driven from a couple of different governments who are kind of providing some sponsorship for that governmental agencies that are providing sponsor for that in the US in particular. And we see that as an area where more hydrogen is needed, because the process itself requires greater hydroprocessing and hydrotreating.
SanjivLamba: Hey, Steve, I am going to jump in here. This is Sanjiv. Just to give you a quick flavor of that. And I'm going to try and cover that for two different aspects. So I think, Steve, and I spend a lot of time talking about this, if this is something that we see, deeply embedded in our businesses, I've described this previously on previous conversations we've had in the earnings call saying, I see the fact that we've got productivity entrenched in the business at a level where we've got to generate in different countries, hundreds of projects to make sure that they are actually delivering on a continuous basis. And I think you've heard Steve say this before, in everyday we look at our businesses, we kind of figure out how we can be better than we were yesterday. So it is a continuous program. It's something that's deeply entrenched in the business, it's something that is embedded in the DNA of people who work in our business, and we look at it every day, it isn't a program that we run, it's something that we live and breathe. So that's kind of the cultural aspect of productivity, if you like, and -- I mean I can ask Steve later on but I feel that he agrees with my view that we've made substantial progress on this journey. This was new to half the organization, if you will, but the way they've embraced it and kind of move forward with it has been very, very encouraging. I want to give you a different slant on productivity as well. One of the things that we drive at is sustainable productivity, productivity that helps in our sustainability targets and ensuring that we're contributing to those goals that we set up. And we do that through making sure we've got sustainability initiatives, again, within the business, on efficiency, on energy management, on managing emissions, et cetera, which all of which actually contribute, not just to the bottom line, which is very important for me, but also in fact to the sustainability goals that we've set up as well. And again, I say there's a lot more work to be done. But we are really off to a great start in that space. So, as I see it, I think we are well on our way on this journey. Obviously, we can see a lot of benefits ahead of us if we continue to keep the pace and momentum on this.
SanjivLamba: So let me jump into this. This is Sanjiv here. Let me kind of give you a little bit of color on that. So the market in Asia Pacific, as you might imagine is quite varied. And the largest market in there for us is obviously China. So the dynamic around pricing that we see is twofold. One, obviously, we have many large on site projects, obviously, from a portfolio perspective, the opportunity around the merchant site pricing impact that we can fully bring to bear is a little bit more limited than potentially some of the other segments. But more importantly, I think in a market like China, where we've got some significant end user customers, which is where we focus our efforts and energy on. But at times, we would use the distributor model as well to make sure that we've got our plants running at optimal levels. And in 2020, in particular, that became quite important. So we wanted to make sure that channel was fully utilized. And when you do that, then the pricing impact actually does get moderated down a little bit. You've seen that happen in 2020. It is an area of focus. And just as I talked about productivity, the other piece I'd say pricing is an area of focus every day. And the guys in China in particular, know that we are watching that very carefully. We review that in every month of the GBR and they do have a bit of a tough time around that. So there is a lot of action happening in the marketplace around that which hopefully will reflect in the quarters ahead.
