Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, we're expecting them to be all up. Supply is still constrained, and our manufacturers are working their hearts out to catch up to our demand. But at the moment, demand still continues to exceed supply, and we expect that to happen for throughout the year as Chris was saying earlier. But Kepler is a fantastic, fantastic GPU. This is arguably the best we've ever made, and we've made some pretty fantastic GPUs over the years, and we're just in the process of rolling out Kepler into each and every one of our businesses and -- starting with desktop. There are still many, many segments within desktop that we're expecting to transition into Kepler throughout the year and throughout next year. There's a notebook that's in the process of rolling out now, and we started shipping this quarter and that -- or this last quarter, and that explains the big jump up and we're expecting another jump up this coming quarter. But Kepler is our GPU that goes into GeForce and Quadro and Tesla. And this upcoming week at GTC, I'd love to tell you about some of the new ideas around GPUs, and so Kepler is the core of many of our businesses. And when our GPU architecture is incredibly successful, you could see it drive all of our businesses for several years. And so my guess is that this will do again the same. And of course, Tegra 3 is ramping as we talked about before. Although we don't have LTE at the moment, LTE is predominantly a U.S.-centric phenomenon. Outside of the United States, the big superphone upgrade is quad-core. And Tegra 3 is the world's first quad-core and it's even a special quad-core at that with 4-PLUS-1, and it's got NVIDIA's branded graphics and all of our style of doing wonderful graphics and the video games and the content really shows. And so Tegra 3 is the next major upgrade for superphones in Europe and in China and elsewhere. And then towards the end of the year, we hope to bring Tegra 3 with LTE phones to United States.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yields of 28 are probably the best of any new node that TSMC has ever done. They've done a great job with 28, and I think that it also explains the demand on their 28. It's yielding wonderfully at this point in its ramp. The performance is fabulous. The efficiency, energy efficiency, is terrific. So I think it explains the reason why the demand is so great for this particular node. I think the increased supply will have to come from increased capacity and it's -- we're short now, and every chip that they can come out of their fab is being shipped instantaneously. We've reduced cycle time dramatically between us and our customers, and we're trying to get the products to market as quickly as possible. And so I expect us to be supply constrained from wafers at the wafer level, and we'll continue that way throughout the end of the year.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I think clearly, clearly, there just isn't enough capacity, and we've expected a really, really successful Kepler launch. And the reason for that is because we've known for some time that Kepler is going to be a fantastic GPU and we've had big plans for Kepler, and we invested last year rather aggressively on the various designs of Kepler and all of the capabilities that people were starting to learn about Kepler, and there are many more to come. And we made those investments because we expected to be able to grow the market, and there's every evidence that we're growing the market. There's just not enough capacity and the planning process when we think about these new nodes, it just simply needs to be better. And I don't think there's any way around that. In combination between us and TSMC, we under planned for the supply of 28-nanometer, and we need to fix that in the future.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I don't know that it's a structural change in the sense that if TSMC and ourselves were to have properly planned for this ramp, we wouldn't be shorting our customers so severely at the moment. And if we can make plenty of high-end GPUs like Keplers, our margins would be fine. And so it's really a shortage of supply that is causing our margins to be compressed at the moment, but we expect that to be cured as we go through the year. In terms of planning, that's a -- and building capacity, that's something that only TSMC can decide and ultimately, the industry will sort itself out.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Tegra grew 50% or more as we expected this last quarter, and we're expecting it to grow again this coming quarter. We launched the first phone in one region. The first phone was HTC's One X and the region was in Europe. Now it's expanding in Europe, and we're expecting to go through more regions with HTC. And then there are many other Tegra 3 phones that are teed up and coming to market. And so we're expecting the phone segment of Tegra 3 to continue to grow. There's also tablets. Tablets are doing very well for us. It represents about half of the overall demand at the moment, and there's some pretty exciting tablets that are about to come out throughout this year that we're working on. One particularly is, of course, Windows on ARM, and the enthusiasm behind it is growing every day. So it's a fantastic tablet, and I can't wait to show it you. And so I think the answer is to your question is yes to both. We're expecting to see growth in both tablets as well as phones.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, when we don't have enough of our premium products, then that will hurt our margins the most. And so I think at the moment, it's safe to say that supply is what's constraining, what's holding our margins back. As supply improves and yields will be improving throughout the year, I think we have every chance and every possibility of delivering great margins again. And so I think the #1 issue for us right now is just to make sure that we have enough supply of Kepler GPUs. And if that comes through, the margins will take care of itself.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We expect to gain share in Ivy Bridge and we expect Ivy Bridge to likely be the best node, if you will, best processor platform that we've ever participated in. Primarily, the reason for that is because Kepler is such an energy-efficient GPU and the performance and the energy efficiency of the performance is just the best in the world, and I think that people are recognizing that. Ivy Bridge hasn't really changed anything from our perspective. The market structure seems to be consistent as it was before. Consumer demand continues to be quite high and consumers -- one of the most important applications for it is video games, and video games still prefer to have GeForce. And so I think all of those dynamics are still consistent. OEMs still would like to have ways to differentiate their products, and adding the GeForce processor has been one of the best ways to differentiate and create a premium segment and it remains that way. And so whether it's thinner notebooks or Ivy Bridge, I don't think that, that's really changed the dynamics. So we're expecting attach rates to be quite healthy and consistent with the past.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think the second question I have a better answer on. We have an understanding about wafer prices from TSMC and we negotiate with them and we now both understand where the pricing is, and so I don't expect a pricing increase and I surely hope it doesn't happen. With respect to margins, the reason why margins are great on Kepler is because it's a really efficient GPU. It's higher performance, it's lower power and for every performance level, it's also very efficient in terms of die size. And if that's the case, then our margins would lift. It is the most efficient architecture we've ever done and certainly relative to Fermi, our last-generation GPU, Kepler is much more efficient. And as you know, efficiency drives productivity, and in this particular case, productivity is margins. And so I expect that the more Kepler we ship, the higher our margins would lift. And so the really big focus for us is just to continue to ship as many Keplers as we can.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Windows on ARM is going to be the big variable on that. And at the moment, it's running 50-50 and about. And throughout the next quarter, my expectation is that phones would exceed tablets. But towards the end of the year, latter half of the year, the question is how does Windows on ARM do. And so that's the biggest lever, and we can report on that a little bit later.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Let's see. Well, we're really targeting the superphone segment of the marketplace. And when you look at the superphone segment of the marketplace, call it 100-plus million units a year or so, that part of the marketplace really is shared by 2 -- from a merchant semiconductor perspective, 2 players. Our focus -- because we didn't start from the modem business, we really focused on computing and graphics, we focused on segments of the marketplace where LTE isn't necessary at the moment and where it's just not ready for LTE. And so Europe, Asia, basically everywhere outside of United States has been our primary focus. Towards the end of this year starting in Q3-ish, we're working with LTE vendors and LTE partners to bring Tegra 3 and LTE phones to the rest of the markets. And so our primary focus at the moment is it's outside of United States. In the second half, in the United States, we'll bring LTE and Tegra devices into United States.
Jen-Hsun Huang: There's really 2 factors that's driving our growth, and one is 28-nanometer supply. There's just more of it than last quarter. I would say last quarter was not a typical quarter for us. I would characterize last quarter as a difficult quarter, and it was completely supply constrained. And this coming quarter, we're still supply constrained. And although it's a significant growth quarter, it is still difficult from my perspective, and the supply is still far short of demand. And the second part of our growth comes from Tegra 3's ramp, and we're really fortunate with Tegra 3 to have chosen an enhanced version of the 40-nanometer process. This is a technology called LPG, and we're the only one in the world using it. And it is a balance between high performance as well as extremely low power. TSMC did a fabulous job with us on that, and I really appreciate it because now we can support Tegra 3's ramp without consuming more of the 28-nanometer wafers that we can allocate to Kepler. And so I think the answer is, quite simply, more supply and more supply of 28-nanometer and Tegra 3's ramp that's contributing to the growth.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We haven't -- we don't have anything to announce today, and that's a topic that we have with the board on a regular basis. But we don't have anything to announce today.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I think our partner for advanced nodes is doing quite a nice job, I think, and I expect TSMC to continue to be able to advance their capabilities on an ongoing basis. There's nothing that would suggest that TSMC doesn't have the scale or the capabilities to do so. They're manufacturing an enormous number of wafers by anyone's standards, and so I think the availability of leading-edge wafers is not something I'm overly concerned about. In terms of process technology, it's also important to recognize that CPU's needs for process technology and SoC's needs for process technology is similar but not the same. And TSMC's leadership and density is something that can't be ignored. People always talk about one dimension of the semiconductor process, which is the transistor, but metallization is increasingly, especially for SoCs, by far, the most important variable. And so I think that we just need to be careful not to get -- drink too much marketing bathwater when we think about the technology variable because it's so complicated and SoCs are very different than CPUs. And so let's see, the second is margins. Our job is to make sure that we continue to create efficient architectures that are highly valued, and I think that if we continue to do and create GPUs like Kepler, I think we're going to be doing just fine.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, this coming quarter's about 30% is my estimate. Next quarter will be more than that, and the quarter after that will be even more than that. And so hopefully, we cross 50% as soon as possible. We would like to cross this as quickly as possible.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Every -- by the way, every node is complex. This is a conversation that we have at every node and we take every node seriously. And there's no evidence that anyone is becoming increasingly complacent, and so I think these are typical conversations to have. With respect to efficiency or productivity of each node, we will go into the node when it delivers value for the products that we need to create. And so if it makes no sense to go to a new node, we wait until it make sense to go to a new node. And so there isn't anything that -- nobody is in automatic cruise control, and we look at each node carefully with TSMC and we try to adjust each node if we can improve it for our products and otherwise. And then based on those analysis, we decide which products and when should go into the new nodes. And so it just simply needs to be analyzed. I don't -- there's nothing that suggests that the next node is going to be unproductive. If it's unproductive, it won't get used, and so my expectation is that it will be productive.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Okay. First, I'll answer the question backwards. Well, the answer is yes, we're gaining share. And the reason for that is because we were a very small player before. And as a discrete application processor provider, we've gained quite a bit of share. If you look at their market, our competitor's market -- business around discrete application processors, I think that you'll find that our share is growing quite rapidly. And so my expectation is that as we grow throughout the year that we're doing so because we're growing share, number one. Number two, PSB's gross margins are healthy and slightly improving, and the reason for that is because we continue to add more value to the high end of the visual computing market. Digital content creation is a growing market, and more and more of design is moving to digital forms, and this is an area that we are world leaders at and this is an area that we continue to add a lot of value to the industry on. And so as we increase value to the marketplace, we'll reward it with higher margins. And our focus is to make sure that PSB, where we have extremely high share already, that we continue to help grow the market. And that's one of the focus next week of GTC. If you all have a chance to either tune in or come even down to GTC, you're going to find some really, really fantastic work being done around the world by our partners and content developers who are using our technology to create wonderful assets and create wonderful things and discovery of new science.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Windows 8 tablets and Windows RT tablets are very different things. Windows 8 x86 tablets and Windows on ARM tablets are very different things. And as Microsoft goes to market, people will understand why we're so enthusiastic about Windows on ARM. They're just very, very different things, and so I'll let Microsoft tell you about their plans, but I'm very enthusiastic about it. I think it makes a lot of sense for enterprise. Anybody who has a large part of their work around Windows would really benefit from Windows on ARM tablets and all the Windows on ARM devices -- range of devices that will be following after that. We've shipped about 1,000, maybe more than 1,000 Tegra Windows on ARM, or Microsoft has shipped more than 1,000 Tegra Windows on ARM tablets for software developers, and that number is growing very rapidly. And so we're working very closely with them to march to market with an exciting product as quickly as we can. Ultrabook, we see no difference between an Ultrabook and a PC. It's a thinner PC, but PCs have been getting thinner. And there's plenty of room from a thermal or mechanical or electrical perspective to support a GPU. And the reason why people put GPUs in their notebooks is because it helps them deliver a premium device. It also enables consumers the ability to enjoy multimedia better. And so I don't see any difference relative to attach rates when it comes to Ultrabooks. And then with respect to Kepler, Kepler is our primary focus for next-generation notebooks and we're trying to build as much as we can. And the more that our supply catches up to the demand, the more our customers can ship Kepler GPUs. Everybody is really, really anxious to get more, and so we need to just make more.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, Tegra 3 is the world's first quad-core processor. And it's not only quad-core, as you might know. It has a really energy-efficient CPU core as well. And so not only does it deliver higher performance, it's also more energy efficient than the status quo. And of course, with all of the products, the graphics and the video games are just so much better. And so I think that based on the demand and the reception in the marketplace for the first Tegra 3 phone, I think it's safe to say that Tegra 3 is really the standard by which everything is being compared, number one. Number two, software-defined radio, there's no question that SDR allows us to deliver a much smaller and efficient and cost-efficient modem. And with LTE, it is very clear that the die size is smaller, the energy efficiency is excellent and that's really going to help, especially with capacity being so constrained. Having a very small modem, a very small LTE modem, is going to be a big differentiator for us. Not only will we be able to make more of integrated versions of application processors and LTE modems, we'll also be able to bring more cost-effective solutions to the marketplace. So we're really, really gunning for that and running as hard as we can.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, the incumbent is a really good company, and they're very competitive. And this is new for us, and we still have a lot to learn and we're learning as fast as we can. But the Icera SDR modem is really revolutionary and when we can combine that -- and there's every evidence it works great. We're shipping phones now. There were people said that we couldn't get that modem to market, people said that we couldn't get phone's voice to work. But obviously, all wrong. We're now certified on LTE and we're in the process of getting products to market. And so these are all barriers that we have to overcome, but we're taking it -- ticking it off one at a time and we're -- I'm cautious, but very enthusiastic about the technology we're bringing to the market.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, absolutely both, absolutely both. Kepler is the most energy-efficient. It's also the most die size-efficient GPU we've ever made. The performance per watt and the performance per millimeter are both the best that we've ever done. It was a huge drive for our company to transform ourselves in just about every single dimension from architecture to design to implementation to software. We pulled everything together for Kepler. When you're more energy-efficient, at any level of power that the system can provide will be higher performance. And so if the system can provide 300 watts, we're higher performance. If the system can provide for only 10 watts, we're higher performance. If the system can provide 1 watt in the future, we'll be higher performance. So energy efficiency is incredibly important. And of course, at any price point in the marketplace, if we are efficient with respect to die size, that can only help our gross margins. Whatever gross margins we had at the Fermi generation, so long as market dynamics remain similar, I expect our gross margins to be higher than the Fermi generation wherever that happens to be. And so that explains why I'm so impatient to get Kepler lined [ph] up and why we need so much more Kepler supply from TSMC.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I think you guys are going to really like the answer. They've been very thoughtful about the segmentation of the Windows -- the next Windows generation. There are different customers with different needs, and I think you're going to find their answer rather thoughtful. I'm very pleased with where they ended up and I think it's going to really, really, really help the positioning of the Windows on ARM tablets because they're very different than those -- than x86. It's a new product category. I think you're going to find that they're really desirable, and they're going to bring a lot of value to the marketplace. For people who -- where Windows and Office is still a very central part of their digital experience, I think you're going to find that this is really the best tablet on the planet.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Thank you. No, no change to that. No additional color. The 3 growth drivers for Tegra are: One, phone design wins; and two, because we've successfully reduced the costs of tablets, we're starting to reach price points of Android tablets that are really resonating with the market and of course, the Android tablets are just getting better and better all the time, and Tegra 3 Android tablets are really delightful. And there's a whole bunch of new tablet that are coming starting now and towards the end of the year. And then the third driver is Windows on ARM. That's coming together really nicely, and I think that people are going to be quite delighted by it. And so those are really the 3 primary drivers and they, all 3, remain drivers at the moment.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We are going to do the best we can to stay at the guidance level that we provided previously. Now if there -- if some of the new initiatives in our company starts to gain traction, we'll increase the level of investment to take that to market. But we'll play that as we go. But at the moment, our current plan is to stay as close as we can to the guidance that we provided before.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, the more -- because Kepler comes in through the performance segment and the enthusiast segment, it naturally lifts ASPs. The more we ship, the more -- the higher our ASPs will be. And so Kepler ASPs are higher than Fermi ASPs because they target the premium segments. Kepler margins are better than Fermi margins because they're in the enthusiast segment and the performance segments, also because they're so much more energy-efficient and so much more die size-efficient. And so I think the simple answer is we just need a lot more Keplers, and the demand for Kepler is really, really high in desktops, in notebooks. The gamers come out and refresh their PCs once every few years. And on all accounts, Kepler has been a complete home run. And this is -- it's pulling people out to refresh their PCs, it's -- and PC gaming is really vibrant right now. And so I think those factors are really driving Kepler. So the more we can build, the higher ASPs we will be and surely the much higher margins we will be.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The guidance that we gave you on OpEx is exactly the guidance we gave you on OpEx. And so we just provided the guidance and that's what it was, and that's what we're planning. With respect to -- what was the first question, CFO search? I think my CFO is doing fabulously, and she's doing a fantastic job with the business. And we're looking. And if there's a world-class CFO that we fall in love with, certainly we'll consider. But Karen's doing a fabulous job.
