Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, Ross. First of all, thanks. Our strategy for Tegra is the focus on automotive, gaming. And wherever opportunities arise in OEMs, we surely will entertain it, but our fundamental focus is automotive and gaming. And you already heard Colette say that our automotive business nearly doubled year-over-year. Our gaming business is really strong, and we have some exciting things that we'd love to share with you at the -- in the near future. But that -- those are our 2 focuses for Tegra. And if you look at the opportunities that we're pursuing in the area of automotive, obviously, more and more cars are becoming computerized cars. And at CES, we announced a brand new platform called Drive. And Drive is basically a mobile super chip, a mobile super computer, with a ton of software on top. And it provides for 3 basic functionalities: The first is a very advanced digital cockpit. You know that we're incredibly good at computer graphics, and the things that we can do in the car with more and more displays showing up in the car is pretty wonderful. The second is a technology called surround vision. Beyond surround view, which is basically cameras connected around the car, surround vision not only allows you to see the images from the videos around the car, but also create a virtual environment around it and, using computer vision technology, keep your car alert of the surroundings. And the third is using a technology called deep learning that has been revolutionized recently and it's something that we're very much at the center of. Using deep learning, we can do voice processing, natural language processing and understanding of imagery so that the car can be more situational and environmentally aware. All of those technology -- technologies that I just described, we believe, will help pave the path to the self driving car. In the area of mobile, the gaming -- in the area of mobile gaming, the gaming market, as you know, is huge and is growing quite rapidly internationally. It's about a $70 billion business now. We know that mobile cloud is probably one of the most important disruptions in the history of computing, and yet there's really no computer gaming architecture that serves mobile cloud very well. And that's what SHIELD is all about, to create the platform that allows mobile cloud to bring gaming to a lot more people. And we think that by doing so, we'll be able to engage a much, much larger part of the overall gaming market than just PC gaming, okay? So our Tegra business model is about focusing on automotive and gaming.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Sure. We guided seasonally down. And of course, as usual, we'll see how it turns out. But if you look at the position of each one of our platforms, our position in gaming is very strong. The gaming market globally is quite robust. We're still seeing gaming growth all around the world, and the production value of games is increasing all the time. And whenever the production value of a game increases, it requires more GPU performance. For the very first time in history, a game console has come out that uses essentially a PC architecture, and its performance is substantially higher than the average PC performance. And so as a result, we see a lot of adoption to our higher-end GPUs, and that's good. We also expect that the Tesla platform continues to be quite robust. We know now that GPUs are wonderful processors for massively parallel applications like deep learning. Deep learning could be used for voice recognition, natural language processing, image recognition, video tagging, all kinds of interesting applications that are made possible because of cloud computing and because there are so many sensors and images and voice being uploaded into the cloud. That's one of the drivers for Tesla, and the Tesla business has doubled year-over-year from a fairly large base now. My expectation is that this coming year, Tesla will remain on that trajectory, and I hope that Tesla will grow very nicely this coming year. GRID, another part of our GPU business, is all about enterprise virtualization. Because of GRID, we're now able -- companies are able to now virtualize beyond the data center all the way to the end-user computing device. For the very first time, it is now possible to virtualize graphics-intensive applications and make it possible for people to enjoy their applications wherever they are. So now you can be virtualized, it can be more secure, you can be more mobile, enjoy graphics on any device. That platform is growing nicely. A year ago, we had about 400 trials. Today, we have well over 1,000. And recently, the most -- the largest enterprise virtualization company in the world, VMware, has integrated GRID into vSphere, and it has been -- it has gone to production, and so we're seeing quite a bit of momentum from that production release. So these platforms are all growing nicely, and I expect this year to help drive our growth.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, the answer to the second question I know better than the answer to the first, so I'll just answer that one first. The way to add -- the way to increase our gross margins is to continue to innovate and increase the amount of value-added that we bring. And if you recall a long time ago, a long time ago meaning about 10 years ago, NVIDIA's gross margins was about 30-some-odd percent. And over time, we made the platform more and more software-rich. Today, our gross margins are surely much, much higher than 35%. And so my expectations is to do the same on the NVIDIA Drive platform. It's intensely software-rich. I think somebody said that today, a car is about 10% software, but soon, the car will be about 80% software, and I think that's right. I think that's right. I mean, in the future, with electric cars, you have obviously still very sophisticated drivetrain and such, but the car is going to be largely a computer with software. And that's where we can add an enormous amount of value, and that's what Drive is all about. Adding value through a very powerful processor, of course, but most of the capabilities I described from the digital cockpit to surround vision, to deep learning is all about software. It's all the software that runs on top of TX1. So that's #1. On your question about high-end versus midrange, I believe that more and more of the car's value will be delivered through software. And if you have to deliver it through software, then the processor underneath it is obviously more and more important. And my expectation is that great computing platforms will extend well into midrange into the low-end part of the marketplace. And that's just -- that's a belief. And just as I believed a long time ago, that the car is going to be one of our most sophisticated computers, which is obviously, at this point, coming true, my sense is that it's going to continue to go down that path, and we're going to see a lot more computation capability inside the car. To the point where I actually believe that every car will have a good processor, the high-end cars will have many good processors.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, Matt, thanks a lot for that question. First of all, mobile is much more than phones. Mobile is a fundamentally new way of designing computers, and I believe that mobile will impact almost every segment of computing as we know it. It'll impact refrigerators. That's not a phone. It'll impact drones. That's not a phone. It'll impact earrings. That's not a phone. It'll impact watches. That's not a phone. It'll impact game consoles that is not a phone. It'll impact cars, and that's not a phone. I think mobile is going to be important in all kinds of computing devices. When I say mobile, that's what I mean. I don't mean mobile as in the mobile phone. Mobile technology is really important. I also believe that mobile cloud in combination is one of the most powerful computing forces that the computer industry has ever known. Because of mobile cloud, we've been able to extend the capabilities and the benefits of computing to billions of people, whereas in the PC area, we were able to benefit hundreds of millions of people. And yet no one has yet created a game platform around mobile cloud, the technology of mobile cloud, the power of mobile cloud, the architecture of mobile cloud, so that we can extend gaming not to tens of millions of game console users, but billions of users. I think that that's the great opportunity. And I don't have anything to announce today, but that's what we're trying to endeavor. So I appreciate you asking that question. I think it's going to be a really big opportunity for us.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Most of our automotive today is infotainment. Some of -- more people are starting to do what Audi had done with their really amazing virtual cockpit, where infotainment and digital clusters merged into one. And digital clusters is much harder than infotainment. And so with Tegra, with our automotive platform, we're able to easily merge the 2. And so you'll see some more examples of that in the future. But initially, it's a largely infotainment, some amount of digital clusters, if that's your question. And between automotive and SHIELD, our gaming platform, that represents the vast majority of Tegra now.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, let's see. We're always moving to the next node. And Tegra X1, the mobile super chip that we announced at CES, is 20 nanometer, and so we're always moving forward. But the equation is much more complicated than that, and the reason for that is because we have the ability because of the fact that we architect and innovate from architecture all the way to software, we have the ability to improve our performance and efficiency and features on all of those dimensions. We can improve at the architectural level using the same process. We can innovate at the design level using the same process and same architecture. We can innovate at the process level. We can innovate at the software level. We can innovate at the algorithm level. And because we control all of that, we have the ability to move the needle forward in multiple dimensions. And so if you look at Maxwell, Maxwell is an unbelievable energy-efficient processor. And because of the energy efficiency of Maxwell, not only did we make all of GeForce higher performance, lower power, quieter, we were also able to take that GPU just a few months later and put it into a Tegra X1, and the performance is really quite shocking. And so we could innovate on multiple levels as a company. That's one of the benefits. But overall, we're moving forward all the time in process technology.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Oh, wow. I appreciate that question. I think it's a great question, and the answer is actually really simple. I mean, we are in 2 different things. We make 2 different things, and so we're very complementary. Mobileye, think of it as a computer vision signal processor ISP, if you will. It's connected to the camera, and they do wonderful work in computer vision in that area. The Drive platform is a computing platform. Just as a phone has an ISP as well as the application processor, in this case, we're the application processor, if you will. This application processor has been designed to be incredible in the 3 areas that I talked about, digital cockpit, surround vision and deep learning-based computer vision. And so many of the customers -- in fact, most of the customers that I know, where there is ADAS work being done, we're both involved. And so we're connected to many Mobileye devices, and we're delighted by that. But even if you're able to detect images and objects, you still need to do something to process that information, and we can do it -- we could reconstruct the surround environment. We still have to drive infotainment in the digital cluster. And of course, we could apply higher-level deep learning algorithms to figure out what to do with the objects that you detect. And so I see ourselves very, very complementary. And of course, because we're a general-purpose processor and it's 1 teraflops of computing, we can do a lot of things for computer vision. And that's probably where people are questioning the overlap. But from where I see it, we're very complementary.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, I really appreciate the question, and you're exactly right. The dynamics are that more and more of the value of a car is going to have to go into its computing -- the heart and soul of its computing platform. And our expectations about our computer car and the software capabilities we can bring to bear over mechanical, electronic type of widgety things is going to grow substantially. Second, the fact of the matter is you can't spend 5 years designing a car anymore. Consumer electronics moves way too fast. People's expectations are set by what they have in their phones, and so you've got to move faster. And the most progressive car companies are moving at the speed of light now. They've taken their design cycle from 5 to 3, and I think I'm seeing them moving down to 2, potentially 1. And so this is going to be a brand new automotive industry. And the third thing that you mentioned is the content. Well, if you think about cars as a chip opportunity and it's an application processor opportunity like an infotainment like a smart phone, then, of course, it's in tens of dollars. But I actually see the car as a multi-thousand dollar computer opportunity. Some are one computer, some are many computers. And we're a computer company. We're a visual computing company. We are software-rich. All of the applications that I mentioned, the capabilities I mentioned are all software, we provide the entire BSP. We're one of the few companies in the automotive industry that can provide literally end-to-end solutions, and that's what Drive is about. Drive is a computer platform, software and all, and we provide capabilities across-the-board, okay? So I see the car, long term, as quite a large opportunity for us, not a chip opportunity because we're not a chip company anymore.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, I really appreciate the question. Maxwell made it possible. So first of all, the background. Maxwell made it possible, for the very first time, the ability to put a high-end GPU in a laptop and deliver a desktop-quality experience. So you can now get a laptop with a GeForce in it and have -- and run AAA titles at 1080p and at quality levels and frame rates higher than the state-of-the-art game consoles. That's pretty amazing. You can now just have a nice and thin laptop, and it's better than a game console. It's better than a game console. And so people are quite excited about that. Maxwell made that possible. We see this business growing well over 100% per year at the moment simply because it's off of a small base. This has been an underserved part of the market for some time. We've really welcomed just about every company in the world -- laptop company in the world into this opportunity, from ASUS to MSI, GIGABYTE. Recently, even HP came into this. And I say even because, of course, HP is largely focused on enterprises, and yet this opportunity is so significant that their notebook business decided to jump into the GeForce platform. Of course, Dell; of course, Alienware; or course Razer. We're just seeing a lot of support from every notebook maker in the world because this is an unserved -- underserved market, if you will, and with the tech -- with the Maxwell energy efficiency, for the first time, we're able to deliver an experience that, quite frankly, is pretty amazing. And so where do I see the attach? I guess, I don't think about attach anymore, and the reason for that is because PC OEM business is not really our focus in the sense that it's already umpteen -- a low umpteen part of our business. The way we think about that business is, that's really a gaming business. And how big can it be really is a function of how many gamers are there in the world. And I think the numbers are actually quite substantial, are really quite substantial. So I see this as a growth opportunity for some time.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, with VMware's integration, we're now able to engage probably some 80% of the world's enterprises. Just about anybody who has virtualized their enterprise had done so with VMware's technology. And so I think that this is a really big deal. And if you look at our trials, we went from about 400 last year at this time to well over 1,000 this year this time. Our revenues doubled. My sense is that there's no reason for that pace to slow, and we'll see how it turns out. But I would think that my intuition would be kind of like yours, that, if anything, you've got to accelerate. But there's really -- the most important thing about enterprise virtualization all the way to the client is to have deep integration with VMware, and we've done that, and they've done a great job. They've been a great partner.
Jen-Hsun Huang: 17th, I'm sorry, March 17, our annual GPU Technology Conference. This year, we'll going to highlight deep learning and computer vision. I really, really encourage people who love computer technology to come and see some of the largest computer companies and most influential computer designers in the world talk about using GPUs in these areas. It's just a huge event, and this is going to be the largest GTC we've ever held. It's right here in San Jose, and this could be the Mecca for deep learning.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, I really appreciate the question. First of all, if you look at our company 10 years ago, 10 years ago, we were 100% PC OEMs largely. Maybe it wasn't 100%, but it was close. And now we're less than, we're only umpteen percent, substantially less than 20%. And so the company has been -- has been transitioning to this new model with our own platforms, largely software, and they serve 4 vertical markets. These 4 vertical markets have a characteristic that really, really benefits from great visual computing technology. And those 4 vertical markets, as I've mentioned, is gaming, is automotive, is enterprise graphics and is high-performance computing and cloud computing. And our PC OEM business is continuing to decline because PCs have largely become good enough, and it's fragmented. Most people use their PCs for information access, for working, and some people use it for gaming. And so for those gaming markets, we serve those. But for most of the generic and mainstream PCs, we've largely been out of those for some time. And so if you look at our business, it's now really focused on serving these 4 markets with our market-specialty platforms, and so I really appreciate that. The gross margins are obviously higher because it's very software-rich. If you extracted out the PC OEM business and just looked at those 4 segments, our gaming business, I think somebody mentioned, was growing at over 30%. Our automotive business has doubled. Our Tesla cloud computing business has doubled, and enterprise computing, our GRID business, has doubled year-over-year. And so those value-added, highly differentiated platforms are really growing nicely, and it's more than making up for the decline of our PC OEM business, which, as a result, our margins also increase. And so now you're starting to see the dynamics of the business, and it basically works like that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. Well, there's -- let me break that question down into a couple of pieces. One, the number of OEM platforms that we were designed into, that we were designed into, was about 50 last year. It's almost 100 this year. About 50 this time last year, about 100 this time -- at this time. The number of trials we had last year was about 400. The number of trials we have here is about 1,000 plus. And the difference -- and I think the difference going forward for this coming year, when we stand here and look at this coming year backwards, I believe that what we're going to see is because of our now-completed integration with both VMware and Citrix and the fact that every single enterprise OEM has now adopted GRID and that GRID is making its way through just about every enterprise -- every company in the world as they get to be familiarized with them, I believe that this year could be a very important year for GRID. Now the second question that you asked is what are some of the things that people found are benefits of GRID, and I would say that there are several. The first one, the very first one is, of course, mobility. Mobility as in the sense that you can now access your PC applications from anywhere you happen to be, on any device you happen to be on. And so whatever device you have, all you have to do is have a browser and -- or an application, a receiver, if you will, a receiver application from VMware and Citrix, and you remote back into your PC. And every graphics application is perfectly compatible. The performance is wonderful, and it's where you left off, okay? So one is mobility. Second, for the benefit of the IT department, is security. No more digital downloads. The computer has now moved to the data center. The computer has moved to the data center, where the data is, so that you don't have to move the data to the client. I think that that's going to be an utter transformational event for security. And then the third is collaboration. Because more and more of us are working on the same data set and the data has become quite large, the ability to move the computer, if you will, to the data prevents all of us from having to download large data to our own client and become out of sync. And so now we can collaborate on the same data set because our computers are all right there in the data center. There are many other benefits, but these are the 3. I mean, I've also heard great stories. In Japan, one particular car company wanted to move all the workstations into the data center because it's dangerous to have so many heavy things in such tight environments. And during earthquakes, it's harder for them to manage all those different computers. And so they just have a mandate, push it all out into the data center. Another one, because of flexible workforces, this is now in Europe, large car companies do a lot of outsourcing. And because they work with different Tier 1s from a lot of different industries, it's hard for them to collaborate with them by having -- without having all their engineers of the Tier 1s of the subcontractors move on-site. And so now with GRID, they can actually have the computer be remotely accessed off-site in a secure way without digital download of the data, and the engineers, their subcontractors, can literally be everywhere. There are all kinds of anecdotal stuff. IT departments of colleges. Colleges are the perfect example -- another example. They have a large number of computers, but the computer per square meter is very, very low because, as you know, colleges are very large in campus. And then also, the people come and go. They only stay for a couple to 3 years by definition. And so in that particular case, putting all of the workstations in the data center has tremendous benefits to the IT department. So I hope that answers your question.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, Stephen. Our largest market is China. As you know -- as you probably are -- could guess, GeForce is the largest game platform in China, and the reason for that is because it's a market that historically hasn't had access to game consoles. It's still extremely important, given how extremely expensive consoles are. And of course, most of the titles are from the West, and most of the titles that people enjoy in China tends to be multiplayer. It tends to be role-playing games. It tends to be Internet-based games. And so though China still remains our largest market, the fastest-growing market is probably Southeast Asia. These developing countries -- developing markets, excuse me, developing markets, then they get to a certain point in their computer history and Internet history, all of a sudden, the gaming market booms. And in that area, Southeast Asia, we know now the economies have become sufficiently vibrant because of the outpouring of opportunities from China. Those local regional economies have now become quite large and quite vibrant, and we're seeing the same thing now as we saw 5 years ago in China. We're seeing the same developments in Southeast Asia. So I would say that Southeast Asia is still -- is probably the fourth largest region, but it's the fastest-growing region by far. And then, of course, the U.S. and Europe are both quite vibrant.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, our licensing discussions are ongoing and quite rigorous. And the thing that is, of course, very important to note is that we are unquestionably the world leader in digital computing. And we have created so much modern computer graphics it's almost hard to make -- even make a list of it anymore, fundamentally from the invention of the GPU to modern general-purpose computing, GPUs like CUDA and others. The type of work that we're doing is obviously pioneering, and it's very important to many markets. We're open to licensing technology to companies who would like to exercise their own design and build their differentiated products, but protecting our IP is extremely important to our company. We're in discussions. Of course, the most public discussion is the one with Samsung and Qualcomm, and we're looking forward to some of the developments that will be happening in just a few more months. And so I look forward to reporting on the developments in that area in the next several quarters.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, first of all, TSMC is a fabulous supplier. And number two, their FinFET technology is excellent, and we've been evaluating it. And we -- of course, we do test chips, and our test chip technology is incredibly rigorous, and we take it very, very seriously. This has come from the years of learning that and working with advanced process nodes and fast process ramps. We take it incredibly seriously. So we're working with TSMC on FinFET now for a couple of years, and so we have quite a bit of confidence in their ability to deliver amazing FinFET transistors. I guess with respect to that, we always look to look at all foundries, and TSMC remains our most strategic, of course, and they're going to continue to be a very, very important partner for us for the foreseeable future.
Colette M. Kress: Thanks, Matt, for the question. Again, we are looking at a cash balance lower than where we ended at fiscal year '14, due to our $1 billion return through shareholders, but also the increase in cash flow. Nothing has materially changed in terms of our cash flow from international and our cash flow in the U.S. So again, the majority of our cash flow tends to arrive from international overall operations. We have about the same mix of overall U.S. cash versus international cash, a little lower than where we ended at the end of fiscal year '14. But we feel very confident with our overall capital return program for fiscal year 16 and the overall cash flow prospects, so I think we're well aligned there.
Colette M. Kress: Yes, thanks for the question. So our gross margin guidance is just for Q1. We do see seasonal effects as we usually go from Q4 to Q1. We believe gaming is still a driver just due to the mix of the type that we're selling into the market, and we've also talked about accelerated computing and cloud also as a driver of our guidance in Q1.
Colette M. Kress: Yes, we really just are here to focus on our Q1 guidance and what we can see at this time. When we get further into the year, we'll talk about the full year. But again, we do just want to balance our Q1 with the investments that we need to make with, again, looking at the efficiencies across the org and what we can do. So I think that's a consistent theme. And you've seen us play that out in fiscal year '15, and our guidance for Q1 is about that same.
Colette M. Kress: Okay, operator, I think this is the end of our call. And to all that joined us, I thank you, and we'll see you next quarter.
