Jen-Hsun Huang: When we launched the 2070 and 2080, it was the first time we've ever launched a new generation where the only available SKUs were very high end. And in addition to that, the early boards that came out into the marketplace were the special edition and the over clocked versions. And the MSRP versions didn't show up for some short time after, couple of months after. And so the conditions weren't ideal, if you will. We weren't able to launch into the mainstream segment with 2060 for all the reasons that I think everybody understands now. And so I think that the situ wasn't ideal. When you take a look at our situation now, every single graphics card had the best performance at its price point and it remains so today. And I think that right out of the box, it delivered excellent performance. It is true that everybody was hoping to see more games with RTX on day one. But it's such a new technology with ray-tracing and AI for image processing that it's only really possible to make available with new games, which is tied to the schedules of new games. And now they're starting to come out. Battlefield 5, Metro Exodus, I think that the reviews from this week are just spectacular, people are finally realizing what it is that we were talking about and that it's possible with RTX technology, the combination of applying ray-tracing and AI for us to deliver much more beautiful images without sacrificing performance and so I think people are starting to understand now the benefits of the RTX technology and we just needed some time to demonstrate it and I think the takeaway is simply this RTX is the best graphics card at every single price point without using ray tracing technology and for new games that are coming out each one of the new games that come out in the future will apply ray tracing work with developers to apply ray tracing technology; I think everybody agrees that it is the surely the next generation. And then probably one of the biggest stories that came out just last week is a Unreal Engine and Unity both of the game engines are going to incorporate RTX and ray-tracing technology in the engine itself. And so all future games in the future will be able to take advantage of that, so that's a really big news and I'm excited about that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The slowdown is broad based. We saw it across every vertical, every geography. There was just a level of cautiousness across all of the enterprise customers and the cloud service providers that we've not experienced in a while. And I think that it has to be temporary. The computing needs of Earth is, it's not certainly been satisfied with what was shipped last quarter. And so I think that the demand will return and customers will return. Our situation in data centers is dramatically better year-over-year. And if you take a look at where we are, our deep learning solution is unquestionably the best in the world. We introduced T4 with inference capability, it's the world's first universal cloud GPU and it does everything that NVIDIA does, all in one GPU and 75 watts. And so it fits into every hyperscale data center. We're engaged with Internet Service Providers all around the world, optimizing and porting their high production models networks so that we could deploy it into production. So we now have four different new growth drivers for our data center in addition to deep learning and scientific computing; we have inference that we're actively working on; we have data analytics that’s called rapids, some people call it Big Data, but data analytics and machine learning; the third is rendering. And because of the partnerships that we've developed and the excitement that people see around enterprises around the world, we've developed partnerships with large IT companies to pre-configure systems that make it easier for enterprises to be able to adopt our technology. So we have four new ways for us to grow our enterprise business. And so we're looking forward to when the pause releases and we'll get back to growing.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The fundamentals of gaming has not changed, there more gamers than ever. Games are better than ever. There's been a recent shift in the popularity of multiplayer competitive e-sports like games, that's good for hardware. It lowers the barrier to entry, because it's free to play with the exception of downloadable content. And so the barriers to entry is lower but you could see that the excitement around Fortnight and recently with Apex Legend, PUBG is still popular, League of Legends is still popular. And so this genre of games is both competitive, requires great hardware, it attracts a lot more players, because it's social and you want to play with your friends and it's much stickier, because it happens to be social, it happens to be a game where you have to play with a whole bunch of other people. And so I think that gaming is vibrant as ever before. If you take the methodology that Colette described earlier and you averaged out our underlying gaming business and you compare that to a year before, surely it grew. If you compare that -- if you compare also the rate at which our gaming notebook is growing, I think that's pretty exciting. I think last year and we had mentioned it before that our gaming notebook business grew 50% year-over-year. And just at CES the number of new notebook designs that came out with Turing, because of an invention that we created called Max-Q and because of the energy efficiency of the Turing architecture, you can now make notebooks that are really wonderful and also high performing at the same time. And so I think the dynamics are the same and gaming is going to continue to be a growth business.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think your math isn't wrong. The part that you probably didn't consider is notebook. Our GeForce notebook business is quite large.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We don't see them in high performance computing. And so I haven't found where -- we haven't met them in high performance computing and deep learning, and in the areas that we serve. And so competitively, really we don't see it. But the bigger picture I think is this that the market segments that we serve, whether it's in deep learning, machine learning, data analytics, those segments are really quite large. And I think that it is unquestionably the future of high performance computing is going to be highly data driven, both computational methods, algorithmic methods, as well as data driven methods. And so I think the fundamental trend has not changed. We have four new growth drivers, four new ways to grow in the data center. The first one of course is inference. We're making a lot of progress there, T4 is doing great. I think we're going to be quite successful with T4s. You just got to keep saying that has second generation Tensor Core, 75 watts and you can use it for training, you can use it for inference, you could use it for remote graphics, you could use it for high performance computing. And it fits literally into any hyperscale data center. The second way is data analytics. This is a brand new thing for us. You must know that Big Data and using data to predict dynamics in the marketplaces is really important in retail and e-tail, and healthcare, and financial services. And there's never been accelerated approach to solve this problem for people. And because of the flexibility of CUDA and because the performance of architecture, over the course of last year, we reengineered the entire data analytics stack. So that we can accelerate, it's called RAPIDS. That work is really, really important and I hope to give you guys updates on that on a regular basis. Rendering is a brand new market for us, because of Turing, finally we can we can render photo realistic images in accelerated way. There are millions of servers in the world that are driving render farms and they're getting upgraded on a regular basis. And then lastly, we've been successful with CSPs, because they're easy for us to reach. But the world's enterprises are far and many and they're giant industries. And our company's sales coverage doesn't allow us to reach every single healthcare company and every single insurance company and retail company. And that's where our network of partners really come in. We have great partnerships with HP. We have great partnerships with Dell and Cisco and IBM. And now we've developed relationships with the storage vendors. And the reason for that is because most of these big data problems require great deal of storage. And they all see -- they see the opportunities that we created. And we came together to create pre-configured systems that are optimized attuned. And these high performance systems that you can just bring into the company prop up and install, and we're seeing a lot of great success with that. And so we have four different ways to grow our data center business and we're enthusiastic about it. I'm optimistic about it.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Tim, one of the things to keep in mind is that we have four growth drivers. We have four growth businesses. Our data center business is growing. It's unquestionably that our footprint is larger than ever. Our ProVis business is growing. Our workstation business now has three ways to grow. One is rendering. The second is data scientists are now a workstation customer that has never happened before. And our software stack with Turing in terms of workstation into an ideal data science workstation. And the third is finally we're able to make workstations into notebooks and they're delightfully thin, using all the same technologies that talked about for gaming notebooks and so workstations is a growth business. And then lastly, our automotive is going to be a gross growth business. We've been investing, as you know, in self-driving cars. And this year we announced entry into level two plus, our first foot into the mainstream marketplace of autonomous vehicles. And the first design win is Volvo and we have others to announce. And so I think this is going to be a good year for self driving cars as well. So we have four growth businesses, our four core businesses are all growing.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, in the short-term, in the near-term, we have relatively limited visibility. We don't think it's going to remain this way. And with a little bit of tailwind, I think we could have a fairly good year. And so we'll just see how it turns out. This is our year guidance for now and we'll update you as we go. The fundamental dynamics doesn't change. The fact of the matter is that world needs more computing. And a lot of that computing is related to machine learning, data analytics, deep learning. It's related to the things that we're working on. And we have four new ways to grow our data center business. I think our deep learning position is as good as ever. Our scientific computing position is as good as ever. And we have four new ways to grow; we have inference, we have data analytics and machine learning, we have rendering and now we're taking that entire stack to the enterprise. And so I think we have the right strategy, we have the best platform and the utilization, the utility of it is really fantastic. And so with a little bit of tailwind, I think we could have a fairly good year and we’ll just report it as we go.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our data center business is really focused on computing and we don't see anybody. Our primary competitor is CPUs. That's really the starting of it and the ending of it. And it's very clear. The vast majority of the world's data center only runs on CPUs today. But the advance of technology has slowed and it's creeping along at a few percent a year and unfortunately, that's just not good enough. And so either data centers are going to continue to increase in CapEx, or they're going to have to find a new approach. And I think people are fairly enthusiastic about university, about accelerated computing. And I think our position is really quite good. And so I would say that those are largely the positions. If you think about competitively comparing our GPU to a competitor's latest GPU, I think the expectation was really high and didn't turn out quite that way. I think we've established -- the Turing energy efficiency is much better. I think we've established that NVIDIA’s tensor core architecture as a result allows our Volta to be four times the performance of the highest end of the alternative. And the T4 is one fourth the power at the same performance. And so the benefit of having great architectural advantage, a really rich software stack and an engineering that resulted in the energy efficiency that we've achieved generation in and generation out, I think those are those are really great advantages. And then lastly, because of the broad reach of our architecture, an OEM or a cloud service provider can adopt to our architecture and the utility of it's going to be greater, because there's just a lot more applications. And the best way to reduce costs for any utility is to increase its utility. And I think that our position there is really strong as you could imagine.
Jen-Hsun Huang: First of all, the Turing architecture is the highest performing architecture at every single price point. And it's a big jump from our last generation in every single way. Without ray-tracing the Turing architecture is the first GPU to do concurrent floating point and image your operations at the same time. The instruction per clock of the Turing processor is so much better than our last generation, so much better than what's available in the marketplace. The cash architecture is a big improvement, and you can just see it in all of the existing games. So just measure the existing games without touching anything, Turing gives you a big boost and that's before we talked about ray-tracing. And we've already spoken about ray-tracing earlier Matt and we know that every single game that are coming out, we're working with the developers to incorporate RTX technology and a very, very big deal, both Epic with Unreal Engine and Unity Engine are going to incorporate ray-tracing. It is very, very clear that the next generation of computer graphics is ray-tracing. And all of the work that we've done with RTX to move the industry forward is well worth it. But remember that's just the graphics part of Turing. Turing comes with its several new opportunities for growth for us; the first is of course, advancing games; advancing games for notebooks; advancing computer graphics photorealistic rendering for film; all the work that we've done with Tensor Core that we just talked about. It's our second generation Tensor Core making it great for training, as well as inference, a big leap for us for inference. And then lastly all the work that we're doing for data analytics and machine learning will take advantage of all of the capabilities of Turing. And so Turing is a big deal for us. And that's one of the reasons why last year was so busy for us. As we put Turing into workstations, into data centers, into clouds, into rendering, into video games. And so Turing is really a gigantic leap for us architecturally, we're really excited by it. I think the turbulent Q4 overshadowed all of it but in the final analysis, I think Turing was a home run for us.
Jen-Hsun Huang: First of all, on the pricing part, the biggest inhibitor was that we couldn't launch our mid range segment. The ability to launch 2060 was a big inhibitor for us, but we did so at CES. The launch is a great success. The reviews are fantastic. People love 2060, the price point is great. And so now we have great stack from the mid range all the way to enthusiasts. The other part, which because it turned out better is at the time of the launch, there were so many special additions and there were so many over clocked versions that the price point appeared high. But now we have MSRP pricing for all of our segments. And so that's terrific. China's an important market and it's an important gaming market. And I very confidence this is going to rebound.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Blayne, the hyperscalars, their pause is probably the most dramatic. We still see a lot of activity in enterprise. It's just a much smaller base for us but we expect it to be a much larger base in the future. And the reason for that is because most of the enterprises today don't use deep learning, they use an approach called machine learning. They might use things like decision trees, or graph analytics, or regressions, or clustering, or things like that, algorithms like that. And they run data analytics applications for business intelligence on large amounts of data, and they might be running it on top of a spark stack that was created out of Berkeley and open source from Databricks. And so there's -- if you recognize some of these things, that's what healthcare companies do and financial services companies do, and retail companies do. They use it for fraud detection, predicting inventory, trying to make the best matches between riders and drivers, and try to predict which route to take to deliver food dinner to you. And so those applications most of the developers today use machine learning and large big data analytics. So we invested in the stack called RAPIDS and built our architecture, called T4. And we're in the process of partnering with large IT companies to take the stack and the solution out to the world's enterprise. And so, I expect enterprise to be a fairly exciting growth opportunity for us. Meanwhile, the CSPs, their pause will end. The amount of computation they do is increasing. More and more of them are using deep learning. And we have inference opportunity with the work that we do with T4 and TensorRT. And so we've got a lot of exciting opportunities to go.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we're enthusiastic about the second half. We're enthusiastic about our position. And we're enthusiastic about the solution we offer. And Pure, as you know, we've also expanded our application and our market reach. We guided I think probably the biggest takeaway is we guided flat to slightly down for the whole year, for the whole number. We do have four growth drivers. And maybe the best way to think about it is we should just wait and see how it goes. I think we concerned with where we are. I feel pretty good about our guidance, but I feel even better about our strategic position. And so I look forward to working through the year with you guys.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I don't know that we could tear that apart, tease that apart, Harlan. We just know that, the China, the consumer market is relatively slow towards the end of the year. And the China economy is in the final analysis of growth economy. And so we're looking forward to it recovering. And gaming is one of the most important pass-times of their culture and so I'm excited about our prospects there. All the things that we're seeing in the near-term, Colette has done a really good job of describing and as we leave the bottom and leave this inventory issue behind us, we're super well positioned. We have a full stack of RTX. The Turing architecture is fantastic. It is unquestionably the best in the world. We have the best performance at every single price point. And we have great notebooks that the market can now buy. And so I'm looking forward to reporting our status with you guys as the year goes on. It should be a good year.
Jen-Hsun Huang: 2018 was a record year but it was a disappointing finish. This quarter, we expect to put the channel inventory issue behind us and get back on track. As the pioneer of accelerated computing, our position is unique and strong. And the opportunities ahead in graphic, high performance computing, AI and autonomous machines remain enormous. We are as enthusiastic about these growth opportunities as ever. Thanks everyone for joining us today.
Colette Kress: So Toshiya to answer your second question regarding our inventory balance. Our inventory dollars at the end of Q4 rose just due to the weaker than expected finish to Q4. Inventory right now is primarily related to Turing, Volta and DGX. And we don't expect any further write-downs as we have incorporated approximately 128 million of write-downs within the current Q4.
Colette Kress: On gross margin, our gross margin, the largest contributor to our absolute gross margin is really just the mix of our product. The mix of our products based on our market platforms, but also the mix of our products within data center, as well as within gaming. We provided guidance for Q1, which has a good level of confidence from us and we'll see how it goes from there.
Colette Kress: I’ll start and I’ll let Jen-Hsun finish that question. So along the lines of Jen-Hsun's response in terms of what we do believe are the key drivers of gaming. And everything's still intact in terms of gaming, both with our Turing architecture, the growth expected with our Turing architecture, as well as the green from the notebook, we do believe will be great drivers as we head into the rest of the year. We'll have to wait and see in terms of how that plays out but that is really the underlying reason why the growth will continue.
Colette Kress: Our guidance for the next quarter is a make-up of many different types of options across our market segment. We feel confident in terms of that rollout as we provided the guidance today and we'll just have to see how that pans out. With the expectation that we will be flat or slightly down for the full year, you are correct in some case that we're going to have to build up to that over the course of the several next quarters. Likely, the second half of the year will definitely be stronger than the first half of the year, and that is our expectation at this time.
Colette Kress: We'll start with that first question on gross margin. You're correct mix is still the primary driver of our gross margin every single quarter. You've correctly reduced or changed our Q4 numbers to remove the overall inventory write down. So when you look at Q1, there is a mix around our products that we plan on shipping by platforms. But also within our gaming business and within our data center business, we also have different gross margins that would influence. These are our best estimates of what we have at this time and we'll see as we move through the year.
Colette Kress: I think it's more on the inter pieces. Now keep in mind our Q4 had a very low percentage of gaming as a total in terms of there and then different mix within there as we moved in the next quarter as well.
Colette Kress: And to also answer your question regarding DRAM prices, yes, they have definitely been volatile over the historical period. It is great to see them coming down in price. Over the long-term, yes, that is beneficial to us from a gross margin perspective. So as we look out to the quarters or later, we will probably be able to incorporate that into our gross margin.
Colette Kress: I'll start off to repeat what we indicated in our transcript. We plan to increase OpEx in the high single-digits over where we finished in terms of fiscal year '19. That is related to our opportunities that we see in front of us, gaming, AI as well as self driving cars. Our focus in terms of investments, we are a very R&D heavy significant company. But there are investments across the board, both in R&D as well as what we need in terms of go to market strategies to obtain these high markets in front of us.
Colette Kress: On your gross margin question, yes we still have drivers within the mix of our products that allow us to grow our gross margin over the long-term absolutely. And there is definitely a goal for us to continue doing that. So we will focus in terms of both the cost components of what we do, but also moving the entire portfolio to the higher value added platforms that we sell. So over the long term, absolutely all of those things are still in place and intact that we can do. And we'll look quarter-to-quarter to give the best guidance that we can to help you see that.
Colette Kress: Let me start out on that piece. As we talked about earlier on the call, our hyperscales and our hyperscales many of them are also cloud providers did start to slowdown in terms of their purchasing in latter half of the year. But the overall growth rate as you can see from our data center business grew more than 50% for the full year. Now even without strong growth, we are still a very small percentage of overall CapEx that we see in the cloud providers or the overall hyperscales. We are likely one of their top priorities of areas of where they need to grow in terms of in their data center as they focus on AI, as they focus on the cloud businesses, and the importance of that compute is necessary. But we're still a very, very small percentage of it. So slowdown in the second half of the year, full year growth, phenomenal growth of 50% and we track with that for this year.
Colette Kress: Yes, depending on the quarter, we will have a mix of what is hyperscale growth or what is cloud in this. And again in the fourth quarter that was not a growth opportunity for us but earlier in the year definitely it was.
