Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, Vivek, thank you. Our PC gaming platform, GeForce, is strong and getting stronger than ever, and I think the reason for that is several, several folds. First of all, our GPU architecture is just superior. We dedicated an enormous amount of effort to advancing our GPU architecture. I think the engineering of NVIDIA is exquisite, and our craftsmanship is really unrivaled anywhere. The scale of our company in building GPUs is the highest and the largest of any company in the world. This is what we do. This is the one job that we do. And so, it's not surprising to me that NVIDIA's GPU technology is further ahead than any time in its history. The second thing, however, it's just so much more than just chips anymore, as you know. Over the last 10 years, we've started to evolve our company to much more of a platform company, and it's about developing all the algorithms that sit on top of our GPUs. A GPU is a general purpose processor. It's a general purpose processor that's dedicated to a particular field of computing, such as computer graphics here, physics simulation, et cetera. But the thing that's really important is all of the algorithms that sit on top of it, and we have a really, really fantastic team of computational mathematicians that captures our algorithms and our know-how into GameWorks, into the physics engine, and recently the really amazing work that we're doing in VR that we've embodied into VRWorks. And then lastly, it's about making sure that the experience always just works. We have a huge investment in working with game developers all over the world from the moment that the game is being conceived of, all the way to the point that it's launched. And we optimize the games on our platform, we make sure that our drivers work perfectly, and even before a gamer downloads or buys a particular game, we've already updated their software so that it works perfectly when they install the game, and we call that GFE, the GeForce Experience. And so, Vivek, it's really about a top-to-bottom approach, and I haven't even started talking about all of the marketing work that we do in engaging the developers and engaging the gamers all over the world. This is really a network platform and all of our platform partners that take it – take our platform to market. And so it's a pretty extensive network and it's a pretty extensive platform and it's so much more than chips anymore.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, thanks. You know that I've been rather enthusiastic about high performance computing for some time. And we've been evolving our GPU platform so that it's better at general purpose computing than ever. And almost every single datacenter in the world and every single server company in the world are working with us to build servers that are based on GPUs, based on NVIDIA GPUs for high performance computing. One of the most important areas of high performance computing has been this area called deep learning. And this deep learning – deep learning, as you know, as you probably are starting to hear, is a brand-new computing model that takes advantage of the massively parallel processing capability of a GPU along with the big data that many companies have to essentially have software write algorithms by itself. Deep learning is a very important field of machine learning, and machine learning is now in the process of revolutionizing artificial intelligence making machines more and more intelligent and using it to discover insight that, quite frankly, isn't possible otherwise. And so this particular field is – was first adopted by hyperscale companies so that they could find insight and make recommendations and make predictions from the billions of customer transactions they have every day. Now, it's in the process of moving into enterprises, but in the meantime, hyperscale companies are now in the process of deploying our GPUs in deep learning applications into production. And so we've been talking about this area for some time, and now we're starting to see the broad deployment in production, so we're quite excited about that.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, decelerating, I guess I'm not sure I recall that. The thing, though, about HPC, about GPU computing is as you know, this is a new computing model, and we've been promoting this computing model now for close to seven years. And a new computing model doesn't come along very frequently. In fact, as I know it, I don't know if there's a new computing model that's used anywhere that has been revolutionary in the last 20 years. And so GPU computing took some time to develop. We've been evangelizing it for quite some time. We developed robust tools, so that make it easier for people to take advantage of our GPUs. We have industry expertise in a large number of industries now. We have APIs that we've created for each one of the industries. We've been working with the ecosystem in each one of the industries and developers in each one of the industries, and as of this time, we have quite a large handful, quite a large number of industries that we accelerate applications for. And so I think that – I guess my recommendation – my recollection would be that it has taken a long time, in fact, to have made GPU computing into a major new computing model. But I think at this point, it is pretty clear that it's going mainstream. It is really one of the best ways to achieve the post-Moore's Law era of computing acceleration. And it's been adopted by (23:19) complications. And the one that – of course, that is a very, very big deal is deep learning and machine learning. This particular field is a brand new way of doing computing for a large number of companies and we're seeing traction all over the place.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, Stephen. I would expect that all of our businesses grow in Q2. And so it's across the board. We're seeing great traction in gaming. Gaming, as you know, has multiple growth drivers. Partly the gaming is growing because the production value of games is growing, partly because the number of people who are playing is growing. eSports is more popular than ever. Sports spectatorship is more popular than ever. And so gaming is just a larger and larger market, and it's surprising everybody. And the quality of games is going up, which means that (24:50) to go up. High performance computing has grown, and the killer app is machine learning and deep learning. And that's going to continue to go in production from the hyperscale companies as we expand our reach into enterprises all over the world now, companies who have a great deal of data that they would like to point insight in. Automotive is growing and we're delighted to see that the enterprise is growing as well.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah. Thanks a lot, Deepon. We're expecting a lot of Pascal. Pascal was just announced for 1080 and 1070, and both of those products are in full production. We're in production with Tesla P100, and so all of our Pascal products that we've announced are in full production, so we're expecting a lot. Yields are good. And building these semiconductor devices are always hard, but we're very good at it. And this is now a year behind when the first 16-nanometer FinFET products went into production in TSMC. They have yields under great control. TSMC is the world's best manufacturer of semiconductors, and we work very closely with them to make sure that we're ready for production, and we surely wouldn't have announced it if we didn't have manufacturing under control. So we're in great shape.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, thanks. The thing that's most important is that the value's greater than ever, and one of the things that we know is games are becoming richer than ever. The production values become richer than ever. And gamers want to play these games with all of the settings maxed out. They would like to play at a very high resolution. They want to play it at very high frame rates. When I announced the 1080, I was showing all of the latest and most demanding games running at twice the resolution of a game console, at twice the frame rate of a game console, and it was barely even breathing hard. And so I think one of the most important things is for customers of this segment, they want to buy a product that they can count on and that they can rely on to be ready for future-generation games. And some of the most important future generation games are going be in VR. And so, the resolution's going to be even higher, the frame rate expectation is 90 hertz, and the latency has to be incredibly low so that you feel a sense of presence. And so, I think the net of it all is that the value proposition we delivered with 1080 and 1070 is just through the roof. And if you look at the early response on the web and from analysts, they're quite excited about the value proposition that we brought.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, C.J., thanks a lot. I think a lot – the answer to a lot of your questions is I don't know. However, there are some things I do know very well. One of the things that we do know is that high-performance computing is an essential and central approach for one of the most important computing models that we know today, which is machine learning and deep learning. Hyperscale datacenters all over the world is relying on this new model of computing, so that it could harvest, it could study all of the vast amounts of data that they're getting to find insight for individual customers to make the perfect recommendation, predict what somebody would anticipate – would look forward to, in terms of news or products, or whatever it is. And so this approach of using computing is really unprecedented. And this is a new computing model, and the GPU is really ideal for it. And we've been working on this for – coming up on a decade, and it explains one of the reasons why we have such a great lead in this particular aspect. The GPU is really the ideal processor for these massively parallel problems, and we've optimized our entire stack of platforms, from the architecture to the design, to the system, to the middleware, to the system software, all the way to the work that we do with developers all over the world, so that we can optimize the entire experience to deliver the best performance. And so this is something that's taken a long time to do. I've a great deal of confidence that machine learning is not a fad. I've a great deal of confidence that machine learning is going be the future computing model for a lot of very large and complicated problems, and I think that all of the stories that you see, whether it's the groundbreaking work that's done at Google and Google DeepMind on AlphaGo, to self-driving cars, to the work that people are talking about and artificial intelligence recommendation chatbots to – boy, the list just goes on and on. And I think that it goes without saying that this new computing model in the last couple of years has really started to deliver very, very promising results. And I would characterize the results as being superhuman results. And now they're going into production, and we're seeing production deployments not just in one or two customers but basically in every single hyperscale datacenter in the world in every single country. And so, I think this is a very, very big deal. And I don't think it's a short-term phenomenon. And the amount of data that we process is just going to grow. And so, those are some of the things I do know.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, thanks, Mark. Well, product transitions are always tricky, and we take it very seriously. And there's several things that we do know. We have a great deal of visibility to the channel and so we know how much inventory is where and of which kind. And secondarily, we have perfect visibility into our supply chain. And both of those matters need to be taken into account when we launch a new product. And so, anything could happen. The fact of the matter is we are in a high-tech business, and high-tech is hard. The work that we do is hard. The team doesn't take it for granted and we're not complacent about our work. And so, I think that I can't imagine a better team in the world that is to manage this transition. We've managed transitions all the time. And so we don't take it lightly. However, you're absolutely right. I mean, it requires care and the only thing I can tell you is that we're very careful.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: The Founders Edition is something we did as a result of demand from the end user base. The Founders Edition is basically designed by – wholly designed by NVIDIA product. A reference design is really not designed to be an end product. It's really designed to be a reference for manufacturers to use as a starting point. But the Founders Edition is designed so that it could be manufactured, it could be marketed, and customers can continue to buy it from us for as long as they desire. Now, our strategy is to support our global network of add-in card partners and we'll continue do that. We gave them – we gave everybody reference designs like we did before. And in this particular case, we created the Founders Edition so that people who like to buy directly from us, people who like our industrial design, and people who would like the exquisite design and quality that comes with our products that we can do. And so it's designed to be extremely overclockable. It's designed with all the best possible components. And if somebody would like to buy products directly from us, they have the ability to do that. I expect that the vast majority of the add-in cards will continue to be manufactured by our add-in card partners, and that's our expectation and that's our hope. And I don't expect any dramatic change in the amount of shifting of that. So that's basically it. Founders Edition, the most exquisitely engineered add-in card the world's ever seen, directly from NVIDIA.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: I think you just said it. Depending on which one of our businesses that you're talking about, gaming is rather macro-insensitive for some reason. People enjoy gaming. Whether the economy is good or not, whether the oil price is high or not, people seem to enjoy gaming. Don't forget gaming is not something that people do once a month, like going out to a movie theater or something like that. People game every day, and the gamers that use our products are gaming every day. It's their way of engaging with their friends. They hang out with their friends that way. It's platform for chatting. Don't forget that the number one messaging company in China is actually a gaming company. And the reason for that is because while people are gaming, they're hanging out with their friends and they're chatting with their friends. And so it's really a medium for all kinds of things, whether it's entertaining or hanging out or expressing your artistic capabilities or whatnot. And so gaming, for one, appears to be doing quite well in all aspects of the market. The second thing is enterprise, however, is largely – or hyperscale is largely a U.S. dynamic. And the reason for that is because – U.S. dynamic as well as a China dynamic – because that's where most of the world's hyperscale companies happen to be. And then automotive, most of our automotive success to date has been from the European car companies, and we're seeing robust demand from the premium segments of the marketplace. However, in the future, we're going see a lot more success with automotive here in the United States, here in Silicon Valley. In China we're going to see a lot more global penetration because of our self-driving car platform.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, all of the Pascal chips have been taped out. But we still have a lot of engineering work do. The differences are minor. We're a large company and we have a lot of things that we're doing. I wouldn't overstudy the small deltas in OpEx. We don't manage things a dollar at a time, and we're trying invest in the important things. On the other hand, this company is really, really good about not wasting money. And so we want to make sure that on the one hand we invest into opportunities that are very important to our company, but we just have a culture of frugality that permeates our company. And then lastly, from an operational perspective, we've unified everything in our company behind one architecture. And whether you're talking about the cloud or workstations or datacenters or PCs or cars or embedded systems or autonomous machines, you name it, everything is exactly one architecture. And the benefit of one architecture is that we can leverage one common stack of software. And that base software, it really streamlines our execution. And so it's an incredibly efficient approach for leveraging our one architecture into multiple markets. So those three aspects of how we run the company really helps.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, so, Blayne, you know that our OEM business is a declining part of our company's overall business, and not to mention that the margins are also significantly below the corporate average. And so that would suggest that it's just increasingly less important part of the way that we go to market. Now, what I don't mean by that is that we don't partner with the world's large OEMs. HP, Dell, IBM, Cisco, Lenovo, all of the world's large enterprise companies are our partners. We partner with them to take our platforms, our differentiated platforms, our specialty platforms to the world's markets, and most of them are related to enterprise. We just do less and less volume, high-volume components devices. Generic devices like cell phones that we got out of, generic PCs that we've gotten out of, largely we tend not to do business like that anymore. We intend to focus on our differentiated platforms. Now, you mentioned learning and training and inferencing. First of all, training is production. You can't train a network just once. You have to train your network all the time. And every single hyperscale company in the world is in the process of scaling out their training because the networks are getting bigger. They want their networks to do even better. The difference between a 95% accurate network and a 98% accurate network or a 99% accurate network could mean billions of dollars of differences to Internet companies, and so this is a very big deal. And so they want their networks to be larger. They want to deploy their networks across more applications, and they want to train their network with new data all the time. And so training is a production matter. It is probably the largest HPC high performance computing application on the planet that we know of at the moment. And so we're scaling – we're ramping up training for production for hyperscale companies. On the other hand, I really appreciate you asking about the inferencing. We recently – well, this year, several months ago we announced the M4, the Tesla M4 that was designed for inferencing. And it's a little tiny graphics card, a little tiny processor, and it's less than 50 watts. It's called the M4. And at GTC, I announced a brand-new compiler called the GPU Inference Engine, GIE. And GIE recompiles the network that was trained so that they can be optimally inferenced at the lowest possible energy. And so not only are we already 50 watts, which is low-power, we can also now inference at a higher energy efficiency than any processor that we know of today, better than any CPU by a very, very long shot, better than any FPGA. And so now hyperscale companies could use our GPUs for both training, and they use exactly the same architecture for inferencing and the energy efficiency is really fantastic. Now, the benefit of using GPU for inferencing is that you're not just trying to inference only. You're trying to oftentimes decode the image or you could be decoding the video. You inference on it and you might even want to use it for transcoding, which is to re-encode that video and stream it to whoever it is that wants to share live video with. And so the (48:10) that you want to do on the images and the video and the data is more than just inferencing, and the benefit of our GPU is that it's really great for all of the other stuff, too. And so we're seeing lot of success in M4. I expect M4 to be quite a successful product. And hyperscale datacenters, my expectation, we'll start to ramp that into production Q2, Q3, Q4 timeframe.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Colette, let me just add one thing. The thing to remember is that we're not selling chips into a car. We're not selling – you know that DRIVE PX is the world's first autonomous driving car computer that's powered by AI. It's powered by deep learning. And we're seeing lot of success with DRIVE PX, and as Colette mentioned earlier, there's some 80 companies that we're working with, whether it's tier 1s, or OEMs, or start-up companies all over the world that we're working with in this area of autonomous vehicles. And the thing to realize is you're not selling a chip into that car. You're working with a car company to build an autonomous driving car. And so that process requires a fair amount of engineering. And so we have a mechanism. We have a development mechanism that allows car companies to work with our engineers to collaborate to develop these self-driving cars, and that's what most of that stuff that Colette was talking about.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, first, I – thanks for the question, and we don't comment on unannounced products as you know. I hate to ruin all of the surprises for you. But Pascal is the single most ambitious GPU architecture we have ever undertaken, and this is really the first GPU that was designed from the ground up for applications that are quite well beyond computer graphics and high-performance computing. It was designed to take into consideration all of the things that we've learned about deep learning, all of the things that we've learned about VR. For example, it has a brand new graphics pipeline that allows Pascal to simultaneously project into multiple services at the same time with no performance penalty. Otherwise, it would degrade your performance in VR by a factor of two, just because you have two services you're projecting into. And we can do all kinds of amazing things for augmented reality, other types of virtual reality displays, surround displays, curve displays, dome displays. I mean, there's all kinds of – holographic displays, there's all kinds of displays that are being invented at the moment, and we have the ability to now support those type of displays with a much more elegant architecture without degrading performance. So Pascal is – whether it's AI, whether it's gaming, whether it's VR, is really the most ambitious project we've ever undertaken, and it's going go through all of our markets. The application for self-driving cars is going be pretty exciting. It's going go through all of our markets. And so we're – of course, we have plenty to announce in the future but we've announced what we've announced.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: First of all, to – working on full autonomy is a great endeavor. And whether we get there 100%, 90%, 92%, 93% is in my mind completely irrelevant. The endeavor of getting there and making your car more and more autonomous – initially, of course, we would like to have a virtual co-pilot. Having a virtual co-pilot is the way I get to work every day. Every single day I drive my Model S and every single day I put it into autonomous mode and every single day it brings me joy. And I'm not confessing necessarily, but texting a little bit is okay. And so I think that the path to full autonomy is going to be paved by amazing capabilities along the way. And so we're not waiting around for 2019. We'll ship autonomous vehicles by the end of this year. And so, I understand that we're three years ahead of other people's schedules. However, we also know that DRIVE PX 2 is the most advanced autonomous computing – car computer in the world today. And it's powered by AI fully. And DRIVE PX 2 – there will be a DRIVE PX 3, there will be a DRIVE PX 4, and then by 2019 I guess we'll be shipping DRIVE PX 5. So those – our roadmap is just like that. That's how we work as you guys know very well. And so I think there's a point – there's a lot of work to be done, which is the exciting part. The thing about a technology company, a thing about any company, unless there's great problems and great challenges that we can help solve, what value do we bring? And what NVIDIA does for a living is to do what – to build computers that no other company in the world can build. Whether it's high-performance computers that are used to power a nation's supercomputers or deep learning supercomputers so that we can gain insight from data or self-driving car computers so that autonomous cars can save people's lives and make people's lives more convenient, that's what we do. This is the work that we do and I'm delighted to hear that we're three years ahead of the competition.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yes. The truth is that nobody really knows how big this deep learning market is going to be. Until a couple of two years, three years ago, it was really even hard to imagine how good the results were going to be. And if it wasn't because of the groundbreaking work that was done at Google and Facebook and other researchers around the world, how would we have discovered that it was going to be superhuman? The work that recently was done at Microsoft Research, they've achieved superhuman levels of inferencing that – of image recognition and voice recognition that's really kind of hard to imagine, and these networks are now huge. The Microsoft research network, superdeep network is 1,000 layers deep. And so training such a network is quite a chore. It is quite an endeavor, and this is a problem that high performance computing will have to be deployed, and this is why our GPUs are so sought after. In terms of how big that's going be, my sense is at almost no transaction with the Internet will be without deep learning, or some machine learning inference in the future. I just can't imagine that. There's no recommendation of a movie, no recommendation of a purchase, no search, no image search, no text that won't somehow have passed through some smart chatbot or smartbot, or some machine learning algorithm so that they could make the transaction more – make the inference more – requests more useful to you. And so I think this is going to be a very big thing, and then on the other hand, the enterprises – we use deep learning all over our company today. And we're not – we had the benefit of being early, because we saw the power of this technology early on. But we're seeing deep learning being used now in medical imaging all over the world. We're seeing it being used in manufacturing. It's going to be used for scientific computing. More data is generated by high performance computers and supercomputers than just about anything. They generate through simulation. They generate so much data that they have to throw the vast majority of it away. For example, the hadron collider. Whenever the protons collide, they throw away 99% of the data, and they're able to barely keep up with just that 1%. And so by using machine learning and our GPUs, they could find insight in the rest of the 99%. So there are just applications go on and on and on, and people are now starting to understand, this deep learning, it really puts machine learning and puts artificial intelligence in the hands of engineers. It's understandable, and that's one of the reasons why it's growing so fast. And so I don't know exactly how big it's going to be, but here's my proposition. This is going to be the next big computing model. The way that people compute is that in the past, software programmers wrote programs, compiled it, and in the future, we're going to have algorithms write the software for us. And so that's a very (01:01:09) way of computing, and I think it's a very big deal.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: The primary parts of our automotive business today comes from infotainment and the premiere infotainment systems, for example the virtual cockpit that Audi ships, and I – the vast majority of our development projects today come from DRIVE PX (01:01:51) on those projects. We probably have 10 times as many autonomous driving projects as we have infotainment projects today, and we have a fair number of infotainment projects. And so that gives you a sense of where we were in the past, and where we're going in the future.
Colette M. Kress: Sure. Thanks, Stephen. Yes, our gross margins within the quarter for Q1 did hit record levels just due to very strong mix across our products on the Maxwell side both from a gaming perspective as well as what we have in enterprise for pro visualization and datacenter. As we look to Q2, a good review of where we also see gross margins and those are looking at a non-GAAP at about 58%. Mix will again be a strong component of that as our launch of Pascal will come out with high-end gaming and with datacenter, and the growth essentially across all of our platforms will help our overall gross margins. As we go forward, there's still continued work to do. We're here to guide just one quarter out but we do have a large TAM in front of us on many of these different markets, and the mix will certainly help us. We're in the initial stages of rolling out what we have in software services on our overall systems, so don't expect it to be a material part of the overall gross margin but it will definitely be a great value proposition for us for what we put forth.
Colette M. Kress: Right. And so on Q2, we'll probably follow along in Q2 along with overall PC demand, which is not expected to grow. So we'll look at that as our side product and probably would not be a growth business in Q2.
Colette M. Kress: Sure. Thanks for the question. So in our automotive business, there's definitely a process even before we're shipping platforms into the overall cars that we're work jointly with the auto manufacturer start-ups and others on what may be a future product. Many of those agreements continue, and will likely continue going forward, and that's what you see incorporated in our automotive business. So yes, you'll probably see this continue and go forward. It's not necessarily consistent. It starts in some quarters, bigger in other quarters, but that's what's incorporated in our automotive.
