David White: Yes, Tim. You'll recall that back in the fourth quarter and earlier times of last fiscal year, when we were ramping other products and the 40 nanometer node, we had many challenges with yields and our ability to supply the market with adequate product. And we really hit kind of a turning point, somewhere at around the December, January timeframe where we began seeing predictable improvements, and those improvements continued throughout the first quarter. And this being the first quarter that we launched Fermi, those wafer starts were done some time ago is a time when margins weren't as good as what they actually wound up being. And so our margin progression wound up exceeding our expectations. A result of exceeding expectations, we wound up having more die available to sell. Now given that Fermi only launched in the last three, four weeks of the quarter, there's only so much capacity you've got in the line when you exceed expectations like that. And we ship everything we can get to the back end, and that contributed to certainly, the quarter on margins. And going forward, we expect Fermi to continue to be an important element of our product mix. And as a result of that, you see our guidance of gross margin going up quarter-over-quarter as a result.
David White: Well, Fermi's a substantial piece of that. I mean our Tesla business is still continuing to grow, and so it'll become a bigger piece of the mix as well. But largely, it's Fermi and Fermi and Tesla, as well as Fermi and graphics.
David White: Well, our Chipset business is doing well. As Mike mentioned in his comments, we launched the 320M this last quarter. That product, we expect to be shipping for quite a period of time. So that business is actually doing very well right now. As it relates to the other elements and the seasonality you referred to, we experienced seasonality just like our competitors do in the industry, and we think our 3% or 5% down is consistent with what we typically experience. Now notwithstanding that, we're expecting Fermi to be very strong this quarter as we continue to ramp that product and actually have an opportunity to ship Fermi throughout the quarter, which we didn't obviously have the opportunities the last quarter. So that mitigates it to some extent, but overall, we feel our guidance is relatively consistent and the mix change will be a favorable to our earnings profile.
David White: Well, we haven't been in the high-end segment because of Fermi being delayed for over two quarters now, and so my expectation is that we're going to gain share. We gained share last quarter because of our increasing share in notebooks. Some of that could have been attributed to Optimus, and looking forward, we expect Optimus continue to gain adoption. So we're optimistic about Optimus. So between the desktop returning into the high end and continuing to do well in the Notebook segments, my sense is that our share should be rather healthy.
David White: For the core parts of the market, we're expecting seasonality. However, we're growing into with Fermi into the high-end segments that we've not have been in for a couple of quarters. So there's quite a bit of pent-up demand that we're seeing out there. So we're ramping as hard as we can and as fast as we can, and trying to keep up with the demands for our customers. So we're looking forward to getting back into the high end. But the rest of the business, we characterize this as mainstream business, should experience seasonality.
David White: Yes. Kevin, I think in the prior comments, and in the CFO commentary, we'd explained it really is associated primarily with GTX 470 and GTX 480. We ramped that product. We were favorably surprised with nicer yields than what we anticipated. And given the fact that our ramp was all occurring at the end of the quarter, there was just a limited amount of capacity we had at the back end to get everything out that we would've liked to have got now. And so when the quarter ended, we had some inventory of Fermi die that we need to package.
David White: Well, as Jen-Hsun is saying, right now, channel inventory is very dry per product from us, particularly in the high end of the segment. Our inventory generally would normally be the same way on a new product ramp. But I think it'll stabilize pretty much over the quarter for us. And again, we'll see what the inventory is at the end of the second quarter.
David White: No, I don't think I gave an indication other than the fact that we thought that inventory issues with Fermi at the end of the quarter would naturally work their way out as we fulfill demand in the channel and -- or other customers.
David White: It grew quite nicely. And when you look at Fermi coming into the mix, along with our other 40-nanometer products, it grew pretty sizably this quarter.
David White: Well, our objective is to be flat. That's what we consistently stated and so forth. When you look at our expenses, there are some expenses we can control and there are some expenses we can't control. And as you look at our opportunity expenses in the second quarter and the fact they are, like you said, modestly up. It really was a result of two things that were really not largely in our control. One of which has to do with employee exercises of stock options, where we have to pay payroll taxes on those as they exercise them. The second had to do with legal expenses, which you just mentioned. As you know, we have a case going on between ourselves and Intel right now. That's certainly in full swing of depositions and so forth, which is driving -- and discovery, which is driving a significant amount of legal expenses. But also, you have to add on top of that the fact that the FTC has an investigation going on as well. And that investigation is entirely outside of our control, but yet we have to support with depositions and discovery and so forth. And so those are the two things that are really driving our expenses. And considering that we're roughly at the peak of this, we don't see it tailing off this next quarter, which is why we guided flat.
David White: Well, we launched two products at the very end of the quarter, Fermi being one of them, right? And you launch those products at the end of the quarter, you end up with receivables that you collect on the next quarter. So its primarily all related to launch activities.
David White: We launched them at the end of the quarter, and hence, they are back-end loaded again at the quarter, yes.
David White: Well, certainly, there's cost savings. What we've tended to do is we tended to redeploy resources in other areas of our business where we have other needs, in such areas as Computing and Mobile and so fourth. As it relates to the vector of MCP in terms of how it's doing and so forth, we've combined that business with GPU organizationally and also financially. And we've indicated that over time, we expect the MCP business to go down, and we expect the Discrete business to go up, and that is progressing according to plan. But as I said earlier, MCP is not ramping down. We launched our 320M product, and it's doing quite well. We expect it to continue to do well.
David White: Yes, Doug, I would just make one comment to add to Jen-Hsun's and that is you've got to sell a lot of glasses to change the needle here at NVIDIA. I think the more important thing is the impact that 3D has on our Graphics business and the fact there's the pull that it creates for our Graphics products. I think it'll have more impact there than it will necessarily in the glasses per se.
David White: Craig, can I just correct you. Q1 for Tegra was not down. The segment that it was in was down, primarily related to other non-mobile businesses that we're looking into that consumer space, but Tegra was actually up quarter-over-quarter.
David White: We really not. I think we've indicated in the past that when Tegra becomes meaningful, it works significant, we'll break it up. But at this point, it's still pretty small.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we don't know anymore or any less about what's happening out in the larger market than anybody else. And there's, obviously, in the overall larger market, there are some concern about seasonality. But we are ramping Fermi as we had talked about before, and the success of Fermi is certainly as we expected. So when you see how it plays out here, I mean these are a couple of the -- with respect to Q2, those are the two dynamics that you're looking at. Seasonality on the one hand, on the other hand, we're ramping new products into a new segment that we've been out of for a couple of quarters, and so we'll see how it turns out.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The biggest factor in the growth of discrete graphics is China. The China market is the fastest growing notebook PC market. It also happens to be the market where we have the highest adoption of discrete GPUs. We believe the reason for that is because the Chinese market is much more sensitive to reviews of products and they're much more -- the consumers scrutinize their purchasing decisions much more than elsewhere around the world, and they tend to be much more value conscious. I mean they will go out and buy what is the best performance per dollar versus what brand OEMs that it comes from. And so the GeForce adoption and the inclusion of GeForce is a huge factor for the Chinese market, and so we're seeing very good adoption in China. The GeForce brand is also really popular in China, and the reason for that is because the Chinese consumers spend a lot of time online, and video games is a big part of how they enjoy their computers. Video games and enjoying movies and multimedia is a big part of how people use PCs. And so that's probably the biggest factor for the growth of discrete GPUs. Now looking into the summer, we're expecting Optimus to be very successful. We've shipped, at this point, only a handful of Optimus notebooks and I think there are 70 or so projects in the pipeline, and we're expecting the vast majority of them to go into production for back to school. And so Optimus has turned out to have been a very big success for us, because the value proposition is just so clear. You get the benefits of the longest possible battery life when you're using light computing and whenever you use it, whenever you would like performance from your PC, Optimus instantaneously turns on the GPU and gives you amazing performance. And so having that uncompromising benefit in the PC and the notebook for the very first time has really resonated with the marketplace. So I'm hoping that our Notebook business continues to do well, and we'll see how it turns out.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we're pretty excited about Tegra as you could imagine. Our first-generation strategy, we wanted to focus on one operating system. It was our new player in this marketplace, and we focused all of our energy around the Microsoft Zune and Microsoft Win Mobile, and I'm delighted with what we were able to build. It demonstrates that NVIDIA has created an architecture that's extremely low power while being very high performance, and that we know how to build phone processors. It's a big deal. It took us a long time to figure it out, and it's been a long-term investment, and so the Microsoft 10 and the Zune HD are the results of that first generation. On the second generation, we were able to expand to focus a lot of our energy around Android. And although it made sense for the first-generation androids to use available phone processors, the follow-on generations of Android are really going to go after performance. And iPhones are out there, the iPhone 4G is coming, the iPad is obviously a revolutionary product. The bar is pretty high for all of the mobile players, and so they need a processor that can keep up with the A4. If not, be much better than what the A4 can do because they have to take on the leader in the space. And so I think the second-generation Tegra has been doing incredibly well because Android is doing incredibly well. So we're going to come to market with the second-generation Tegra with the third-generation Android. And so that's our focus now, which is the -- and I think it comes together at the end of the year, and we've talked about smartphones, we've talked about tablets. We have a very large number of designs in pipe and flight, and so we're looking forward to starting in third quarter and fourth quarter, many design wins to show up in production.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Prior to Tegra, there are only two application processor companies out in the mobile space, right? Basically, it's Qualcomm and TI, and they both make wonderful application processors. Our differentiation and our contribution to the space is where multimedia, high resolution, snappy graphics is really necessary. And the first-generation smartphones had pretty low resolution displays. And so snappy graphics and high-performance multimedia and high resolution just wasn't as much of an issue. But as you know, with iPad and next-generation smartphones, resolution's a huge issue, and you need to have very snappy graphics with a 10x7 display, if not even bigger by that, even higher resolution than that. You're just not going to do that with a application processor that's not designed for that. And so that's our contribution and that's our differentiation and that's what people are seeking out in the market.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think the comment that David was making is that the yield has improved a lot. And TSMC has done a fabulous job, improving the yields of 40 nanometer since August of last year when we first ramped it to now. The yield and the number of wafers that they're able to produce, compound it, has really helped a lot. And so I think that with respect to manufacturability of 40 nanometers, I think we're surely out of the woods. I think we can now officially say that. We are clearly out of the woods, and I think that's all David was trying to say. The 40 nanometers at TSMC is now a world-class node and the manufacturability of it is very, very good. And so we're delighted with the execution from TSMC and they've just done a fabulous job. With respect to overall capacity, with respect to supply, the challenge is that the more and more customers are getting into 40 nanometers as well. And so we certainly aren't swimming in 40 nanometers supply. I mean we are constrained here and there. I wish we had more Fermis. I wish we had more GPUs of all kinds. And so there is still not enough 40 nanometers supply for the entire world, and so I expect that the 40 nanometer supply will remain constrained for sometime.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We're seeing seasonality. Yes, we were pretty clear that Q2's guidance is seasonality. It's seasonality offset by the ramp of Fermi, and so we're not going to know how it all balances out until the end of the next quarter or end of this quarter. But those are the two factors, if you will, seasonality in the mainstream market and the ramp of Fermi into GeForce, into Tesla and into Quadro.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The channel inventory at the moment looks healthy, but you have to look at across all the geographies and you have to look at it across the segments. The biggest lever for Q2 for us is growing into the Performance segment that we've not been in for over two quarters. And so ramping into the Performance segment is just the number one most important thing that we need to do right now. And obviously, since we've not been in it for a couple of quarters, the channel inventory for Performance segment GPUs is very lean. And so we're going to be ramping into pent-up demand here for quite sometime.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Shawn, the easiest way to think about the inventory situation is that we're ramping into Fermi, and we have a whole lot of ramping to do yet. The back-end cycle time, the amount of testing that we have to do for Fermi GPUs are longer than mainstream products because they're just much, much larger GPUs. The Fermi GPU, as you know, is some 3 billion transistors, and so there's a lot of testing to do in it. It takes longer to sort it. It takes longer to assemble it. It takes longer to test it. And then we do final system-level testing on the GPUs before we ship them. And so that entire back-end cycle time is many weeks. And so all of the dies that came out as we're ramping and you could imagine the curve on the ramp that we're ramping up right now, a lot of the die that came out of the fab we couldn't get through the back end before the end of the quarter, and so that's all part of inventory. Now of course we're ramping into a fresh new market and a fresh new product and there's a lot of pent-up demand, and so we just needed to keep the pressure on it and just keep cracking through it.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, our ASP trends should be going up because we're returning back to the high end part of the market for the first time in six months plus. And so I would expect our ASP to be trending up at the moment.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Margins are about corporate average right now. 3D Vision just had a record quarter. 3D Vision will likely have another record quarter, and followed by another record quarter is my guess. At this point, it's pretty clear to everybody just as the future of TV as 3D. The future of PCs is 3D. And so if you would like to have a gaming PC or a multimedia PC and it has 3D Blu-ray, certainly, it should come with 3D Vision or some 3D glasses that you can enjoy with. And so I think that this is going to become part of a standard offering of consumer PCs in the future. And so this is a great growth opportunity for us and one that we're really proud of.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we haven't guided to where we think ultimately we think our gross margins ought to be. But ultimately, NVIDIA's gross margins ought to be in the mid-50s to high 50s. That's really where we have to go, and the reason for that is because an increasing amount of our business is highly differentiated business where software, middleware and other peripherals are such a large part of it. And as we continue to grow our Quadro business, as we continue to grow our Tesla business, as we continue to grow our Tegra business, where software is just such a large part of it, my expectation is that, that the gross margins will continue to reflect that. For each one of the businesses that I just described, the gross margins are better than what we are as a corporate standard. 2/3 of our company's revenues come from businesses that I've just described, or profits come from businesses that I've just described even though it doesn't represent nearly that much of the total revenues. And so my sense is that over time, as those businesses grow, our margins ought to drift towards it. And mixed with mainstream GeForce business, which will continue to be competitive, I think that in overall average, north of 50% is logical for our company. And so we just have to get there. You know that, Arnab, we've been transforming our company step by step over the last three, four, five years. And moving away from just offering a vast chip to offering solutions and software that differentiates us and add a lot more value to our customers. Our 3D Vision, for example, that was just discussed, is a great example of that. It only works with GeForce, and so it brings a lot more value to GeForce. CUDA is another area of innovation, and it only works with GeForce. And so over time, between those kind of things and many, many examples that's related to Quadro and Tesla and Tegra, those value-added ideas that we bring to the marketplace will be valued, we'd hope.
Jen-Hsun Huang: That's where we should be. And maybe another way of saying that is where we are right now should not be our peak, and we don't expect it to be our peak. And if the mix of our business continues to grow as you were referring to earlier, then they should naturally take us to above 50%, right? Tesla is above 50%. Quadro is above 50%. And so if those continue to grow, we should certainly expect our gross margins to grow.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Q2 is Q2. And everybody has the same feelings about the overall market at the moment as we do, I guess. There's some amount of cautiousness, and there's some amount of enthusiasm. And so I think that for the mainstream part of our business to be seasonal and for us to drive growth through new products, I think that's sensible, and we're comfortable with the guidance. And if it turns out different at the end of the quarter, then we can all rejoice.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The market overall was pretty supply constrained on 40 nanometer, so I don't know that we lost anything to the competition. But I think some demand is perishable. I mean if you went to a PC store and you couldn't buy a PC, you buy probably something else or maybe you waited. But 40 nanometers was surely supply constrained, and we're still supply constrained in certain segments of that, of the 40-nanometer product line. But at the moment, we see the marketplace as being relatively balanced. And looking into Q2, parts of the market is going to be seasonal and parts of our business is going to be high growth. And so we're just going to have to see how it turns out at the end of the quarter.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We are sampling Fermis from entry-level notebook all the way to supercomputer Fermis. So there are many versions that we're already sampling. So we're going to production with it as soon as our customers go into production.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The back half of the year -- as I look at the back half of the year, I see that we will have more Fermis in production. I see that Tesla, our GPU for servers, is going to ramp up substantially because of OEMs going into production. This is the first Tesla that has been designed standard into OEM servers -- into many, many OEM servers. I see that the second half, our expectation is that enterprise consumption is going to continue to grow, so Quadro will continue to grow. And I see that second half, our Tegra smartphone and tablets will go into production. So my sense is that the second half, couple that with seasonality, ought to be pretty good. And so we need to make sure that we're very thoughtful about continuously to improve our yields and ramping our production.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We don't announce our customers' products. So we'll talk about that when we go into production in the second half. The thing that we would love to talk about is the products that have already gone into production and I'm delighted to see Microsoft's Kin get into production and all the innovative new products, the new features that they've brought to the marketplace and to new perspective in the mobile phone market. And so we're excited about that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Quadro has a very, very large share of the overall Workstation market, both desktop and notebook. And the notebook is a new growth area for Quadro because just as we do love to bring our work home with us, so do people who design things. And so whether it's video editing, which a lot of people, a lot of video artists love to do it on their laptops, or designing tennis shoes to cars, the ability to bring their work wherever they go is a very important capability for them. And so we see more and more people both having a Workstation on their desks at work as well as being able to take it with them in their notebook. And in the future, we're expecting the server to be a big part of our Workstation business as well, Quadro into servers, either in the form of with the display or Tesla into servers as they're remote rendering capability is the new growth opportunity for us. More and more people would like to put their work in the cloud, and to be able to share that work and collaborate with people all over the world. And so we see those two drivers to continue to grow the Quadro market. But the notebook is a very important segment for us, and we have a very large footprint there and it's a market that I expect to continue to grow.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Fermi for E3 -- well, Fermi is the name of the architecture, and it goes into three different product lines. The first one is GeForce, and that one is in large volume production now. We're ramping that very hard, and we've got a lot of ramping to do. Because we were late with Fermi, we were out of this marketplace for some six months to maybe eight months. And so there's a very large pent-up demand for high-end products out there. And so we need to grow that segment, go back into that segment as hard as we can. The second is Tesla, Fermi is used for GPUs as a server, and they're used for computational processors for supercomputers, oil and gas seismic analysis to financial risk calculations. And so that is also just had a record quarter, and our expectation is we'll have yet another record quarter. And then the third segment of Fermi is Quadro. Quadro is our workstation, our graphics solution, and it's used by people who create movies, make movies as well as design cars. And so those three products will launch in the appropriate customers and in the appropriate time.
Arnab Chanda: First of all, if you could talk a little bit about gross margins. It seems like as your mix improves, your gross margins continue to go high, in fact, it might be closer at an all-time high. Is that continue to occur as the mix improves? Or are we getting close kind of sort of peak here? And then I have one follow-up question.
Arnab Chanda: So I'm sorry, I'm not sure if I heard you correctly, did you say mid- to high-50s, not 40s? I'm kind of having a little bit of a shock here, so I just want to make sure. I can hear your story...
Arnab Chanda: It seems like given you have all these new products ramping, shouldn't that offset seasonality? I mean, you're still guiding seasonally, when -- or is there something going on in the end market that makes you a little cautious? If you could give us a little qualitative view on that, that'd be great.
