Jen-Hsun Huang: Well before we turned it over to Colette, let me first make a comment about an organization change. Many of you know that Rob Csongor has been recently assigned by me to head of our automotive business. Rob Csongor was previously your contact along with Chris in IR. I decided to put Rob Csongor in charge of automotive because it is becoming a very large business and very fast growing business and also very important business. in fact, before I tasked Rob to head up Nvidia’s corporate marketing worldwide, Rob started the automotive business and to now that he ran it for several years and now that it is becoming quite a sizable business with great important to us in customers all over the world, I have asked Rob to take range back again and run our automotive business. He will report directly to me with the new automotive group Chris will become the lead of IR and many of you most of you in fact, know Chris very well. In addition to his masterful ability to read I just love to listen to him read, he also is one of the people in the graphics industry with extremely long tenure, he knows this market like the back of his hands, he grew up with this market and to long before he was in IR, he was an product marketing and so he knows this industry very deeply and he knows our company very deeply. I know that many of you have reached out to me and over the years recognized how wonderful it is to work with Chris and I think all of you would be delighted that he is setting up our IR team now. Okay, so with that I’ll hand it over to Colette.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Hi Patrick. First of all, mobile is more than phones, and that’s just really important to remember and we’re starting to see it now. Mobile is both a device, short for phones it’s also a technology, people kind of gave it name of application processor that’s an SOC built for low power applications and people call that mobile, mobile technology. And so the mobile is more than phones. Tegra is designed with a mobile technology sensibility, but it has an application space that’s more than phones. We’ve only really targeted the superphone segment since the beginning. Our core market, our core targets are tablets, gaming set-top boxes, gaming smart TVs and automotive. Those are really our core target markets for Tegra. And we build the right products for the right time for those markets and that’s really our focus. Maybe, another way of saying it is what is our non-focus and our non-focus is mainstream phones. We’ve always been very clear about that and our focus is plenty of growth opportunity for us and it’s an area where we can add value and where the unique capabilities of our company and now with Tegra K1 where we’ve brought the world’s best GPU, it’s years ahead of the competition to the Tegra market. The Tegra opportunity, so we’re really excited about that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, I appreciate that Patrick; it’s one of my favorites too. And this is an invention that has taken about seven years to do. As you know, revolutionized enterprise computing is very, very hard. The software compatibility challenges, the infrastructure compatibility challenges are truly great and you have to be backwards compatible with since the beginning of time. And GRID, GRID has really achieved some really great milestones and in fact, you’re seeing it all the time now. now internally we are tracking trials, we have several hundred trials around the world, it has grown a lot and it grows every single week, you know that the number of OEMs that are following it and supporting it around the world. Just as it today Vmware and Google announced that there would be streaming desktop applications to devices. You could see that the industry wants to virtualize everything, we’ve been able to virtualize storage, we’ve been able to virtualize networks, we’ve been able to virtualize servers, but we’ve not really been able to virtualize every aspect of desktop computing. And by been with virtualized desktop computing you could put applications of any kind in the cloud and make it available to anybody anywhere and so turning enterprise PC or commercial PC into a service if you will is quite liberating for enterprises around the world. And so I’m quite excited about this and you are seeing milestones being announced all the time and so this is of course a new area for us its taken us several years to get here, but this really Nvidia’s first enterprise computing product and it’s the first products that we’ve ever had the benefit of the global enterprise sales force of large enterprise companies selling on our behalf. So I think this is going to be a big opportunity for us.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, first of all I guess I’m not sure. On the other hand our growth year-over-year is greater than their market share in that segment of the market and so we must be growing to market maybe that’s the easiest way to think about it and I think for all, for our own sense of purposes the anecdotal evidence is that we are growing the market every market whether its China, the gaming market is growing and its growing in two ways more and more people are playing games, there are more games that are becoming free to play, and even though it’s free to play you still need a gaming PC to enjoy it. and also this quarter, the work that we did with the game developer, the largest game developer in the world Tencent to produce Blade & Soul was a huge success. We found together in China that there is a market for high production value games and so high production value usually translates to requiring a great deal of technology. And so you’re also of course, seeing this last holiday, three very important games, in shop on the PC, many of which are also available on game consoles, because of the dynamic that I mentioned earlier. And people are now talking about 100 brand new games coming out to the new generation of game consoles next year. Next year may very well be the year where we see more high production value games than anytime in history for the PC. And so we’re quite excited about the high-end segment.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well superphone market is really moving fast. And so integration is sometimes a good thing and integrations sometimes hurt you. It’s just a higher risk to integrate four things that are – that needs to be state of the art at the same time. And so some companies use things like Tick-Tock to articulate the benefit of strategies and methodologies to reduce your risks. Some companies like us, we call them ping-pong and we try to reduce our risk by moving one piece at a time, so then you can innovative on rhythmic and continuous basis even though the market is moving dramatically. And so integration sometimes helps you, sometimes it doesn’t help you. And it’s just hard to say. Our focus for Tegra is pretty consistent; we care very much about the superphone segment. We care even more about the tablet segment where we can add more value, because we are a performance oriented company, gaming consoles, set-top boxes and of course, automotive where performance and functionality are so important. And so those are really, our target market, some of them can benefit from Tegra 4i, most of them that the large catalyst for our company going with Tegra has always been about bringing our state of the art GPUs to Tegra. And finally, this season, this last quarter, we were able to announce Tegra K1, which has been a huge endeavor of ours and now we not only brought a state of the art GPU to the mobile market, we also unified the architecture in our company. And so the effort of building Tegra is now even more leveraged than even before. And so we used one unified architecture now, one unified software stack, everything is identical. And so it’s very powerful lever for us to expand our GPU market.Suji De Silva – Topeka Capital Markets: Okay, then. For a quick follow-up the gross margin, I know you guys don’t want to guide beyond one quarter, but you’ve done a great job getting gross margin up here. Can you talk about the puts and takes going forward in terms of where gross margin could potentially go and is it really just mix or are there other factors we should be aware of in terms of secular improvements? Thanks.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, these are – there is partly supercomputing business and they tend to be lumpy; the second part of it is enterprise business and we tend to have visibility out quite a long time; and the third part of it is really about expanding Tesla into new fields of use, one of the most important commercial large scale simulation software packages in the world is answers fluent. I don’t know how many companies use it, but I surely know we use it and most manufacturing companies in the world use it. And this is a piece of software that is vital to the industrial economy. And finally we’ve been able to accelerate in port Fluent and to CUDA. This is a multi-year effort for us. This was a very, very significant announcement. We are supper, supper excited about it. And so this opens up a new field of use, there are applications like that are cropping out of the wood works all over the place. And the reason for that is because I think that accelerated computing with CUDA hasn’t really reached the tipping point that if no longer, whether this computing model is viable, if no longer whether this computing model is going to be around, those are full grown conclusions. It is now how quickly can I port my application so that I can accelerate it and have a competitive advantage.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well Chris you know we guide one quarter at a time. And we are quite happy with the guidance that we provided and when Q2 comes along we’ll guide that.Chris Caso – Susquehanna Financial Group: No, I’m sorry I was referring the first quarter.
Jen-Hsun Huang: With the first quarter Chris, what Colette just guided? What was the question? Maybe Colette can handle it.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes Kevin. Thanks for the question. You know that NVIDIA is a core technology company and we invented GPU, we invented GPGPU and now we invented for virtualization of GPUs. And our company has over 7,000 patents granted and approved and granted and filed. And so technology licensing is an important part of our company strategy and is a part of strategy that we’ve implemented for some time. These discussions take long time and it’s always unpredictable and we are patient. We know how important GPUs are. We know how many companies in the world now utilize GPUs and we know how fundamental our technology patents are. The question that you asked also includes the fact that we on July I think it was last year, we announced that we would also open up our GPU technology. GPU designs to be incorporated in the products of large third-party vertically integrated companies. And that strategy is very important to us and we are making our latest generation GPUs available to them. And discussions are happening and that will take time. This is not something that happens very quickly because it includes people’s methodologies and designing it into the work flow and so, but we add so much value here. And this is something that I think we have a real great opportunity to find new growth venues for our company.Kevin E. Cassidy – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, Chris first of all thanks. Well, it depends on whether its percentage or dollars. And if it’s dollars I’d say Tegra is up there. And if it’s percentage GRID is up there. If it’s kind of between percentage and dollars I would say Tesla is up there and because Tesla is already a large business. Tesla and Auto both are large businesses and have large growth opportunities. That’s kind of the way I would do it. And I would say that in terms of dollars, absolute dollars yes, the GTX is up there too. Gaming is up there too. And so it depends on whether we are talking about dollars or percentages.Christopher Hemmelgarn – Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, things are pretty good across the board that’s helpful. I guess as a quick follow-up, could you just talk a little more about your long-term expectations for both SHIELD and then products like Tegra K1 is pretty capable, it certainly seems like there are some opportunity to displays console gaming with your noble shifts, just your thoughts long-term there.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, well you know that SHIELD is our strategy, its core to our strategy to cultivate to develop gaming on the Android platform we believe that Android is going to be one of the most important computing platforms in the futures, if not already now and its available on every country, it’s available on all kinds of devices and because it’s an open platform allows for open innovation in a lot of industries. Gaming is very important to us where there are high production value in games; there are typically great demand for GPUs, great demand for visual computing expertise like ours. We could add a lot of value in gaming and so the android market has a lot of phone, but it doesn’t have a lot of gaming, genuinely good gaming platforms and that’s one of the reasons why we decided to build SHIELD. The reception of SHIELD is really fantastic, people who have used it love it, I am really delighted by the capabilities of our company to build devices and people who have enjoyed it love the build quality. Our – but its – we are modest about the revenues from it, we are modest about its distribution, because it’s something that were still learn, but it’s important to our strategy for gaming and at this point there is more and more and more evidence that gaming is going to be very important for android and I’m delighted that SHIELD has been the spear point if you will that makes great games available on android.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Hi Ambrish, the market opportunity for GRID is several different applications, probably the single largest application is enterprise virtualization, enterprise virtualization is a major thrust and has been a major thrust in enterprise IT for the last ten years. Not only is it great for productivity, its great for cost effectiveness, so that you can every agree recourses in a data center, it’s great for manageability, it’s great for security and so but there is a one class of computing in all enterprises that has not been able to be virtualized and that’s your desktop PC and all of the application that are associated with it. GRID makes it possible for us to now virtualized desktop PC application and literally stream it to you like we stream Netflix to you and we can stream it you from anywhere. And the wonderful think about GRID is it’s compatible with every and any PC application that we know of and so that’s one application. Another application is cloud gaming, we are delighted that our cloud computing infrastructure is getting more capable, broadband is getting more available, those things are becoming more and more commoditized and overtime it stands to reason we should be able to enjoy even the most heavy PC applications which is games on any device and anywhere you like to enjoy it. And the third, the third has to do with GRID being used for computing in the cloud, it could be used for image processing as more and more videos and images are being uploaded into the cloud our GPUs are incredible at image processing. So when you think about all of these different applications in aggregate, the GPU could be quite a successful processor for data centers and cloud and so in time it will be quite large, but if you look at where it is today its probably a couple of years behind Tesla. If you think about where we are with Tesla a couple of years ago and now it’s a multi $100 million business, it’s a couple of years behind, but at some point both businesses have the opportunity to be very, very large. Its okay?Ambrish Srivastava – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Chris, I’ll let Colette back on and talk about the cash question again. But let me first comment about Q1. First of all, our GPU position is stronger than anytime in our history, whether it’s GeForce for gaming and all of the innovations we have there and all the groundbreaking work that we’re doing there, whether it’s GRID where we invented virtual GPUs and is now strike right in the middle of enterprise virtualization initiatives all over the world to Tesla, which where we invented GPGPU and using our processors for massively parallel computing. Our position and our contributions in visual computing is stronger than ever before. And now, with Tegra K1, we brought that exact same state of the art GPU architecture to mobile. And so our position in GPU is just stronger than ever before. We guided what we guided. In Q1, we’re growing relative to last year, 10% and then we’ll come back and see how it turns out. You have asked a question about acquisition. If you take a look at our company, we were comfortable acquiring, we’re also extremely comfortable innovating. This is one of the most inventive companies I’m sure that you see in technology and we invented some very important and fundamental technologies that influences industries margin wide today. And so we think about R&D and M&A in very similar ways, except unlike many companies we have fundamental ability to be very inventive. And that’s one of the reasons why our R&D budget is a little higher, but in total aggregate, when you think about the investments that we’ve made in aggregate between R&D and M&A, we’re right there with many companies that our ratio for R&D internal, internal R&D of course, is higher, that’s just because we have some of the world’s best in visual computing. We are the best visual computing company ever and the people how love doing this work want to do their lives work here on this platform and so we’re very flexible with that. And then I’ll hand it back to Colette.
Colette Kress: So as indicated, at this we are really looking one quarter out and steady as we go, we do take a hard look at this as we did both in Q4 and in Q1 to really start leveraging and thinking about how well we’ve done on the employees that we have hired and how we can utilize them well. So more to come later, but at this time we just have guidance for Q1. Thank you.Michael McConnell – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay and then just one more maybe for Jen-Hsun. Jen-Hsun looking at growth in the your desktop business, it looks like you guys have put a strongest year-over-year growth since fiscal 2008 and I know you have gone through some of the drivers for the gaming market overall. There had been some discussion I think going into the report concerning some shortages that your competitor was experiencing at the high end of the market. I wanted to know how much do you think that benefited growth in fiscal Q4 or do you think it was mostly market driven. Thanks.
Colette Kress: Yes. let me comment about the gross margin. as you can see, our businesses tend to differ quarter-to-quarter in terms of that mix. I think our ASPs have been extremely solid over a long period of time. And we do expect that to continue, when we think about our high growth businesses, particularly in the professional, the enterprise and the GRID, which have very nice margins above our overall company average and just seen how those play out as they can be influenced by very large deals. as you can see, just finishing the Q4 and our overall GeForce GTX business and it’s a tremendous success, did have a change in terms of our overall gross margins. As I spoke, the overall Tegra business has slightly lower gross margins. so again, depending on the volumes of what percentage that business is of our total will have an influence. But we’re extremely pleased in terms of the progress that we made on gross margins for the full year, fiscal year 2014, I mean worth living and then heading into Q1, I think it looks very solid as well.
Colette Kress: The additional net aspect of the convert as we added 1.5 and we are sitting at about the same amount of U.S. cash as we were before, so we are now probably well over the $2 billion level in the U.S. right now as we are entering into Q1.
Colette Kress: Yes. Regarding the cash of whether or not, we change our plans, given its really early in the fiscal year, I think we’re comfortable with where we stand at $1 billion but Chris we’ll address it again, as the year goes by. Okay?Christopher Rolland – Friedman, Billings, Ramsay, & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys and congrats again.
Colette Kress: You are correct Betsy that we are at some continued improvement in terms of our overall inventory levels. We watch it quite closely. It really just is a factor of a lot of times in terms of when the availability of our chips are, so we do have to watch that carefully that it may not just always go lower and lower and just based on when we come out with new products, but we are very pleased at least just where this right now and yes we do as the overall finance team watch that quite carefully.Betsy Van Hees – Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Right. Thanks again for letting me ask questions and once again congratulations on a great quarter and guidance.
