David White: We have actually a couple of situations -- we have inventory that we completely wrote off in a prior period. We also have inventories that we wrote down to market value. Some of those inventories in both categories were sold during the quarter, some of which we had gains on, some of which we had losses on. It turns out that the losses we experienced on the sale of that inventory plus some of the other products actually offset that by a greater amount, and so on a net basis, it was actually a negative impact to the quarter. 
David White: There was also a modest amount of new lower cost [to market] accruals as well. On a net basis, it was negative, as I indicated. 
David White: In the outlook for the second quarter, we’ll repeat much I think of the same scenario we had in the first quarter. We will continue to sell off some inventory that we have written off and we will continue to sell some inventory that we have written down to lower cost of market. Right now, I would anticipate that the net effect of those two would be roughly a wash. 
David White: So I think in the first quarter conference call, we talked about a stretched goal for the company of about $265 million, and we are still working aggressively to achieve that objective. We have a lot of programs, as Jen-Hsun talked about in his comments, that we absolutely want to maintain our investments in and we feel strongly about the return we will ultimately achieve from those investments. And so our cost reduction activities are trying to balance maintaining all of the resources we can on those investments and still trying to spend our money as wisely as we possibly can, and so we are focusing on a lot of ways in terms of how we manage our expenses and where our expenses are actually incurred, and trying to influence them in ways that won’t affect those programs. So I think the $265 million target is still intact and we are -- I assume we will achieve that sometime in the next -- certainly before the end of the calendar year and our fiscal year. 
David White: Well, I guess it depends on what your definition of clean is, I guess. Probably the single largest item that impacted margins in the quarter really is the fact that our workstation business, our PSB business, as we call it, was a smaller mix, percentage of the total mix. And as I indicated in my comments, that was about a four point hit on margins. And it overwhelms, actually, the other factors. It is the single largest item and as we gave our guidance, we are not anticipating at this point that is going to change any time soon, so if you wanted to find a clean quarter as our workstation business being back at the historical levels it’s been, you could add four points to margin.  I think the other items that I indicated are a much smaller consequence. 
David White: I would -- if I was modeling it out, I would assume workstation is flat and apply the 5% ratably to the other businesses. 
David White: I guess I would throw in a couple of things here. One is -- Jen-Hsun, you can jump in here, obviously -- our business and margins are heavily influenced by our high-end performance products and clearly as we move forward and TESLA and TEGRA and some of these other products that we have been talking about and continue to invest in become a part of our revenue mix and so forth, we believe that within that time period, we can be getting our margins back up into that kind of arena. 
David White: Probably most of our compression on ASPs probably came in the GPU line of our business in some select particular models and so forth. It was a little bit higher this last quarter than what we have traditionally seen on some particular programs on a quarter over quarter basis, that is. 
David White: What I indicated was that we had inventory true-ups, some of which were unfavorable, some of which were favorable, the net of which, when you netted that against the products that they related to and we sold was a net unfavorable impact on the quarter. 
David White: Yeah, we don’t typically look at that included in there anyway. Okay, yes, I understand what you are saying -- no, they did not. 
David White: Traditionally our July quarter is seasonally the weaker quarter of the year, one of the weakest quarters of the year.
David White: I think the second quarter will be pretty close to the same linearity we had in the first quarter, which was better than average. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Let’s see -- the ramp is going fine. It’s during the -- you know, we are ramping 40-nanometer probably harder than anybody and so we have three products in line now in 40-nanometer and more going shortly. So there’s -- this is a very important node. TSMC is working very hard. We have a vast majority of their line cranking right now with new products, and so we are monitoring yields and they are improving nicely week-to-week-to-week, and so at this point, there’s really not much to report.  In terms of the mix towards the end of the year, let’s see -- I haven’t -- my rough math would suggest about 25%, is my guess. I mean, there’s still going to be a lot of 55-nanometer products. A lot of our MCP products, ION, for example, is still based on 55-nanometer and ION is going to be running pretty hard. I think you heard in David’s comments earlier that our Intel chipset product line is our fastest growing business and so my sense is that that’s going to continue to be successful and that is still in 55-nanometer. So I would say roughly 25% to 30% is my rough estimate going into the end of the year. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Pricing is -- I would characterize as aggressive, but we are at a point now with the pricing where we think that we are going to be relatively stable for some time. And our products gain a premium in the marketplace relative to the competition, because of the reputation of our products and the performance of our product and increasingly the work that we do around physics and CUDA is being recognized as important, and I commented earlier the number of games that are coming out with PhsyX in the game are -- it’s coming out in a really rich pipeline now and we are seeing game titles coming out on a regular basis now with PhsyX included.  And when you compare a game with PhsyX in it running on CUDA to one that is running on the CPU, the difference is so substantial that our GPU is just superior on so many different fronts. And so I think that we are going to leave our positioning in the marketplace with a premium to our products because it is a superior product and I think the market is recognizing that. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Actually, it didn’t. The quarter was a pretty solid quarter, I would say. In fact, we had spot shortages of several products and there were rumors of us pushing our supply chain really hard to get products out into the marketplace, and all of that is true. And we came into the quarter looking pretty good, so I think our -- the market is still uncertain and we monitor sell-out in every single geography for every single product like crazy these days, and so we’ll continue to watch it but so far, so good. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We are frankly not seeing competitive pressure in our workstation business. I think the competition has repeatedly claimed design wins in the workstation business for years now and this is just not a -- it’s not a chip business. This is a chip and a system solution, system software. It’s a complicated business and you are building products that needs to not only be great at Windows but Linux and just about every ancient operating system on the planet. And so it’s a very, very complicated business and the reason why our market share is so high has a lot to do with the investment that we put into it, and so this is -- this is a business that is about solving some of the most challenging problems in computing in the world and we are really, really good at it, and so I think we read about press releases from the competition from time to time and we take it all seriously but the fact of the matter is, it just takes a lot more investment than that to be successful.
Jen-Hsun Huang: So let’s see -- hey, David, what was our Intel chipset business this quarter? Do you have the numbers over there? Total Intel chipset business? We basically only have one Intel-based chipset that we are shipping in any meaningful amount, so -- 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Okay, and so I would expect about -- out of that $180 million, about two-thirds of it, maybe a little bit less than that comes from the ION chipset and the way to think about that is in Q2 of last year, one year ago, that amount was approximately zero and so that gives you a sense for the adoption of our products in that segment. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We don’t distinguish the two -- I mean, it’s the same processor from our perspective. The -- we call it the platform ION and increasingly people are calling the chip ION, and so we don’t distinguish the two, whatever people want to call it. I mean, when people buy the chipset from us, they call it ION. When the put it into the box and they brand it from the outside, because GeForce is such a terrific brand and contributes so much to the brand value of the end product, people call it GeForce. Do you see what I’m saying? So people buy the ION but they sell it as a GeForce. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: If you estimate that Apple represents a little bit north of 50% of that, then I think it’s relatively correct. So the traction is good, and if you think about who the fastest growing PC companies are in the world, I think that’s Apple and Acer and [Asus Tech] and -- you know, they are all huge ION customers. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: If you look at our history, there was a time when we were -- we had rather low gross margins, and I think it was as low as 28 points, or something like that. And we, over the course of about a year-and-a-half, methodically worked our gross margins back up and exceeded our record levels.  I have every confidence that the operational initiatives that we have in place today that looked at the reasons why our gross margins are challenged right now and the new mix of products that we are bringing to the marketplace and our -- you know, my full confidence that the industries will be revived and I will need to buy tools for their engineers, who are the hearts and souls of all industries, you know, will return. And when that happens, our gross margins have every opportunity to return to its record levels and potentially beyond. And so those are things that we are putting in place and the teams are executing fabulously across the board. If you watched us the last time, relentlessly march up our gross margins, we intend to do exactly the same this time. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: TESLA was many millions of dollars and next quarter will be more, is my expectation. The traction that we are getting designing them into clusters all over the world, as I mentioned in my comments, are really doing terrifically and the national labs around the world are all benefiting from stimulus packages as the various governments invest in energy exploration and investing in education, and so I think those are all -- and TESLA is just in a fine spot at the right time. And so my expectation is that TESLA is going to continue do to well and we will grow it into a rather nice business. Hopefully within the next couple of years into a business like Quadro and potentially larger.  TEGRA has -- we introduced a new category for TEGRA at the World Mobile Conference, and this is a TEGRA Netbook. Prior to that, we only had TEGRA smartphones and TEGRA portable media player design wins. Those products are just reaching the final production ready for final design phase and starting to ramp in production, and so we are -- I am expecting revenues this quarter and growing throughout the rest of the year. But this last quarter, we introduced a TEGRA netbook reference platform and we have many ODMs and OEMs working with us to bring TEGRA Netbook to the marketplace.  You know, the telcos have discovered that when they can give away a computer with a subscription and that computer is a couple hundred dollars, they can really drive subscription rates, and so we are pretty excited about this and the telcos are pretty excited about it as well, with 3G data modems becoming so affordable, this is really a terrific way for them to increase their revenues.  And the ARPU for a netbook that is high resolution and readily accessible so that you can stream high definition video or use Facebook wherever you are, the telcos are pretty enthusiastic about the type of ARPUs they will generate from these type of devices.  So I think this is going to be a new growth category for us and we are working really hard to get it to production. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I would think of the PNPs to be very similar to smartphones. I think the mids are higher than that. I think your $10 is about right. And then I think netbooks on the high end of mids, so I agree with that. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: The vast majority of the serious computing clusters in the world run proprietary software. Oil and gas -- proprietary; finance, proprietary, and so there is a large internal development teams that protect these algorithms of theirs like we protect our algorithms and so we work with each one of their engineering teams or development teams to port to TESLA and the porting process is just all over the world and you could go -- and many of them when they do a port are so delighted by the results, they publish a paper. And if you go to Google and google CUDA GPU or NVIDIA CUDA GeForce GPU, you are going to find just reams and reams of paper that show the speed-ups that we talk about.  You can also come to CUDA Zone -- do a search on CUDA Zone and you will see a whole bunch of applications that have been ported and the results that they are seeing. So that’s one method.  We also work with software developers that target the verticals, and so they could be a small consulting firm for computational finance. They could be a small consult or large consulting firm for oil and gas discovery, so we work with them to develop software. And we will also port the major software packages like [Met Lab] and so there’s a piece of software that has been developed for [Met Lab] that accelerates [Met Lab] some 15, 20 times, and there’s some being developed again further to accelerating them further to that.  And so we just -- we approached these applications based on what we think has the greatest potential to serve the market and also the greatest potential for speed-up. And so we just -- we work on all of them at the same time with a rather large dev tech team, a developer relations team, and we are working with the software developers all over the world. And so you just have to work on this one at a time.  Now, the exciting thing about all of this is many of them were re-factoring and re-developing their software to run on multi-core CPUs and because they were so unsuccessful and frustrated by multi-core CPUs, TESLA showed up at exactly the right time, or CUDA showed up at exactly the right time. And so this is a -- this is really a perfect alignment of an industry that’s run out of choices but still needs to see significant speed. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, in the notebook market, the discrete versus integrated has been relatively stable, I think. Probably about 25% of the notebooks are discrete. It might have been a little lower this quarter -- well, it probably is lower this quarter because of the significant growth of netbooks. And so if you excluded the netbooks, my sense is that discreet has probably gained relatively to integrated graphics. But let’s just assume that it’s relatively flat and going forward, the interesting dynamic is -- and we are anxious to see this play out but we are starting to hear from all over the world that integrated graphics don’t have DX Computer. DX Computer is the single most important new API from Windows 7 and it helps you do amazing things. If you have made a home movie and you put it on your PC and you wanted edit -- you know, add video editing and add some special effects to it and stitch a few photos and videos together, and you want to render it back to a DVD so you can send it to grandparents -- you know, that process without GPU computing is horrific. I mean, to make a one-hour movie, it will probably take you 10 hours to record it. And so with DX Compute, that one hour has become one hour and one hour, and so it’s just a revolutionary speed-up when it comes down to certain types of application that are very parallel and very data intensive, very computer intensive.  And so I think without DX Compute on integrated graphics chips, the question is how will these PCs compete? And so we are seeing a lot more interest in people who need to put GPUs in their notebooks and desktop computers when Windows 7 comes around. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: You know, it’s really hard to say exactly but if we did less than $50 million, I would be disappointed and I would be delighted if we are on a run-rate of north of $100 million going out of the year. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: If you look at ASPs quarter to quarter, it surely should have increased because we gained share in most of our -- well, almost all of our share gains came from the high end. So we gained about 6% share over quarter over quarter, and so that should -- all of that is high-end share, so our ASP should have gone up. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I would say that ASPs are relatively stable right now and we are focused on differentiating our products with PhsyX and with CUDA, with GPU computing and the competition’s products are really graphics only and as more and more applications come out that have GPU computing capabilities and ports, and as more and more games have physics, we are going to focus on differentiating that way. S
Jen-Hsun Huang: It’s harder for us to tell on notebooks because we don’t monitor sell-outs on notebooks. They are OEM products. But in terms of desktop products, we know that our channel inventory is near all-time lows, and so we continue to have spot shortages of products here and there. And so we are -- my sense is that based on what we are selling in and based on what is selling out and what we believe the channel inventory to be, the market looks relatively stable right now. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think that’s not a bad surrogate, but we also have to think along the lines of creating new products that can save our customers money. We demonstrated at the National Association of Broadcasters the world’s first digital in graphics compositor digital out product and it’s -- we call it Quadro DVP, digital video pipeline. And it’s the first of its kind ever built and it replaces quite a large amount of servers and switches and video mixers and the reception has been just fabulous. And so what we need to do is get into production. As you know, more and more of the broadcasters are streaming off on the web and this product is designed to be able to record in real-time and composite in real-time and stream it real-time on the web. And so that is a growth market and so we think that there are opportunities for us to innovate our way out of this, even if the IT spending doesn’t come back in the near future. So we have all kinds of ideas that we are working on. You’ve been following us a long time -- we’re a pretty relentless bunch of guys and we have lots of good ideas and in spite of challenges, there are always ways to grow.  You know, you look at ION, it’s our fastest growing business because we’ve tapped into a movement towards low-end advanced mainstream computing. You saw that we are gaining share. You saw that we are creating new products like TESLA and TEGRA, both of which saves money, and so we can find new ways to grow, even if the economy is challenged. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: That’s neutral for us because we don’t participate in the mid-range of notebooks anyhow. If you look at our historical notebook participation, we have been only on the top third of the market and the bottom two-thirds of the market has been integrated for just about forever.  We entered into the low-end part of the marketplace recently with MCP 79 or ION and so we are taking share in the mainstream and the low-end part of the market. What’s exciting to me is come Windows 7 and when DX Compute comes out, the difference between a computer that has DX Compute accelerated by a GPU versus one that does not is not a 10%, 15%, it’s 10, 20, 30 times. I just don’t know how -- and it’s not for games. It’s for making movies for your grandparents. And we know that one of the fastest growing consumer products right now is the flip video camcorder and the Sony Wedding -- those things are selling like hotcakes, and they are HD camcorders. People are making home movies and they want to create a home movie and post it on the web or burn a DVD. And so I think the -- finally it’s possible to do video editing because of DX Compute and because of the GPU underneath it that is not excruciating. I mean, it’s a delightful experience and one of these days, if you get a chance to drop by, we’ll just show you how to do it. It’s just incredibly easy. When you can move a video file around and store it the way that you save files, you know, it changes everything.  This is going to be one of the major usage models for Windows 7 and so we are excited about that and I think that all computers, and I made this comment in my remarks, that we believe and certainly I believe that every computer will benefit with GPUs in it. It will reduce the power.  One of the most -- if you read review so the Macbook Air, that has a rather large GPU, GeForce 9400, in a ultra thin and light computer and the power is better than it was before with Intel integrated graphics. People remark about that all over the web, and so it’s because GPUs, using the right tool to do the right job, saves power and when BNP Paribas and others discover that by using the GPU, you can save 200 times the energy because you run a process faster and it consumes less power, you save a lot of energy and energy consumption comes right out of the battery. And so I think that more and more people are just starting to discover that adding another processor that does the right job on the right -- you know, using the right tool for the right jobs, it really saves power, really saves energy. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Oh my gosh, TEGRA -- TEGRA, of all of the products in our company, TEGRA has long-term the largest TAM. And the number of -- 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Oh yeah, I think in two or three years -- surely, surely. I think the -- TEGRA is -- you know, we’ve been investing in TEGRA now for about four years and we have one of our best teams in the company working on this. There’s 500 people working on TEGRA and to build a computer completely from scratch that first on the size of a penny and deliver a full high definition experience, consume less than one watt, it’s just -- when you see it, it’s just absolutely magical and we -- it’s possible to do that and we are just blowing people away when we show it to them. This is -- I really believe this is the second personal computer revolution. We happen to be fortunate to have in our careers experienced two computing revolutions. This is it. We want to be all over it, and so this is an exciting time for TEGRA. 
