Jen-Hsun Huang: Hi, Chris, yeah thanks a lot. SHIELD is doing great. The early reviews are fantastic. You probably read some of the reviews online, people really love that, it's a well made device, it feels exquisite and the performance is fantastic, it's an open platform and it does all the things that you would expect an Android device to do and more. And people are really loving, playing with the Beta version of our PC streaming and to be able to enjoy GeForce games that looks fantastic on a PC, on a small device like that while you’re sitting on a couch is pretty amazing. Sales have been great. Everything that we shipped so far has sold out and – but we’re just starting to ramp production, we’ve shipped out to our partners only several thousand units, and so it's still quite early to tell. But we’re expecting to do quite well with SHIELD.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well this was our Tegra trough quarter and we had talked about that before, the transition between Tegra 3 and Tegra 4. Because we pulled in two very important projects Tegra 4i with out integrated 4G modem and Logan which incorporated our mobile Kepler GPU as a result of that Tegra 4 was a little later than our typical cycle. And so we had to gap out and we expected Q2 to be the trough. We expect next quarter to be up substantially and as Karen mentioned earlier however there were some disappointments this year, some projects that we worked on that we had spent a lot of effort on didn’t pan out as we expected and it's relatively well known now but nonetheless it didn’t meet our expectations. But overall I would say that Tegra 4 is going to ramp up very nicely this coming quarter. There is tablets from Asus, Toshiba and HP. There is SHIELD that’s ramping up and there are new devices that are going into production that are quite exciting. I think relative to your other question of auto we had said earlier that auto is about $100 million for the year or so roughly and last year it was 15% we’re expecting next year to be another 100% growth year. Auto as you know the design cycles are quite long and so the product life is also quite long, but it takes some time to ramp up.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yeah, and just one last thing. You had mentioned something about game console royalties. We’re not accounting for much game console royalties.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Sure. Well we are a specialist in visual computing, this is our core business. And over the years we’ve enhanced and extended our business model from just chips to now chips and systems such as GRID to system components such as GTX cards and Quadro cards and Tesla cards to now including GPU IP, and so we’re an end-to-end provider of GPU technologies to all of the application that relate to visual computing. And the way that we go to market has everything to do with how the customers would enjoy incorporating our technology into their products. In some customers they would like to buy our chip and put it on their own motherboard, with some customers they would like to buy our system components with our software and we integrated into their servers or work stations. Some customers would like to buy in retail adding cards of GeForce and some customers prefer to build their own chips, their own systems and take it to market themselves. And so in those vertically integrated opportunities we’ve historically not had an opportunity to serve them with our technology and now with our mobile Kepler GPU that we revealed at SIGGRAPH it took us some three years to mobilize the worlds most advanced GPU. Now the worlds most advanced GPU is in a mobile format. It's the worlds first CUDA GPGPu available for mobile and it takes a huge advance in energy efficiency. And now with this Kepler GPU we could license our technology in a GPU core format to customers who would like to incorporate it into their own products and address their own vertically integrated market. And so that’s basically the idea.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well game consoles are fantastic and I am looking forward to buying one myself. But today, just like in movies and music you game on every computing platform. And the fastest growing platforms in the world today are open platforms. PC is the fastest growing and it's now become the largest, some $20 billion worth of global software sales. Obviously China is very, very large, but the United States is large as well, Russia and Korea and you name it. PC gaming has become very large. The business models are vibrant whether it's declare online games, AAA titles or now free to play games. You could see that PC games are just really vibrant. The fastest growing -- so that’s the largest, the fastest growing and now the second largest is mobile. One of the reasons why we really feel that we can make a contribution to mobile is because video games is such a large part of the mobile experience and in fact it's the largest download of the worlds largest digital store Google Play it is – video games is what people spend the most time actually doing on a tablet and video games and great computer graphics go hand in hand. This is an area where we can add a lot of value. And so these two platforms are the largest and now the fastest growing and I don’t think there is anything that game consoles would do at this point that would disrupt that. People just have too many PCs and there are too many people with tablets and mobile devices and people like to game wherever they happen to be not just while they’re sitting in front of their TV, sitting in front of the family room.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Oh relative to last year. The decline comes from, so coming into the year we had pretty high expectations on one particular platform and there’s no sense mainly, but it's a very important platform that also derived from it a lot of design wins. And because this particular platform just didn't do as well as we or frankly anybody in the industry had hoped, we don't expect as much returns on that investment as we originally hoped. Our guess is that it's going to be down a couple of $100 million or so, maybe somewhere between $200 million or $300 million overall and we don't expect it in the short term to come back. But not all of the other platforms that we're talking about obviously are not affected by this one, one particular design win and all of its associated design wins.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think that our notebook was down very, very low single digit year-over-year and was down single digits from Q2 in the last quarter. And so it's slightly down. The overall notebook, PC marketplace of course is not as vibrant as people have hoped. But you know that we're not really in the mainstream PC market, we're really in the specialty PC market whether it's gaming PC or workstation PCs or high performance computing PCs or premium consumer PCs or PCs that are used for video editing and digital content creation, that's primarily our target. The notebook part of it of course, the consumer part of it is not vibrant and we're not expecting it to – in our guidance we're not expecting the growth [Technical Difficulty] our growth from GPU is primarily attributed to gaming, to workstations, to Quadro, workstation GPU and the Tesla GPU.
Jen-Hsun Huang: ASPs are up but they've been on an upward trend for some time and that's one of the reasons why – also because they're shifting towards premium products or specialty products like gaming and workstations and high performance computing what we call GeForce, Quadro and Tesla because of the growth of those segments, it improves ASP and it improves gross margins. We haven't seen share movements substantially for some time and we're not expecting much later on this year.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Karen, why don't you just tell him what the whole thing is for the year? Maybe he hasn't seen some of the stuff.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Thanks, [Dean]. GRID just as a background for everybody, GRID is our data center GPU server initiative and GRID has several attributes. One, of course, could be used to for high performance computing and one could be used for big data analysis whether it's image direct ignition or image processing or audio processing or video processing, you know that more and more people are uploading just an enormous amount of multimedia data onto the web. And the third initiative is enterprise virtualization. And one of the most challenging parts of enterprise virtualization is called VDI. And so these are the major applications of GRID. All of our OEMs have now completed all of their server and data in their certifications and are now in production; Cisco, Dell, HP and IBM. There are trials going around all over the world where we see visibility into some of them and we track about 150 all over the world; in Japan, in Europe, in United States, in China and this quarter we had just started shipping early samples. So we'll see how it turns out. But this is our first true enterprise computing application, our first true enterprise computing product and so we're quite excited about the prospects.
Jen-Hsun Huang: There are three ways to access GRID. One is buy it from our OEMs and so that's Cisco and Dell and HP and IBM and there's some over – almost 30 different server platforms that are now available in the marketplace with GPUs in it. The second way is to build their own data centers and they would buy GPUs directly from us. And so these are data centers that – they're not announced yet, but they're just large data centers that want to build their own data centers. And the third way is for small or medium businesses who would like to build – who's customers are single application customers or don't have an IT department or not big enough to be served by large IT companies and they'll buy a fully integrated appliance from us. The last which is the GRID VCA appliance is not in volume production yet. It's sampling in North America but the first two are in production.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Actually what Karen said was that we’re going to target the $1.6 billion that we had we said before.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I don’t think the plan is to reduce OpEx below the current levels. We’re investing in three very, very important initiatives. One is GRID. GRID puts our GPUs and data centers which powers Cloud computing. I can’t imagine a more important initiative. The second is Tegra, which is going after the Android and ARM computing revolution. Computing devices are cropping up everywhere of course it's already -- we know that it disrupted smartphones. It's in the process of disrupting computing with tablets, but it’s disruption will propagate out to consumer electronics to gaming to TVs to automobiles to just about anything with a computing device. And wherever there is a computer there is an opportunity that some of them would require GPUs. And what Tegra is about -- initiative is about is addressing those opportunities. And wherever we can address those opportunities, what Tegra -- the effort of Tegra, the focus of Tegra spins off because of that intense focus on energy efficiency and targeting mobile devices and small computing devices it spins off GPU course that we can now use as core IP. And so our investment is really around these three areas, GRID, Tegra and our core IP initiatives. And I think these are three very large and very important growth initiatives that are very important to investing, and so we’re not expecting to reduce OpEx. What Karen has been saying is that we’re constantly focused on making sure that there are no waste in the company. And we are the largest visual computing company in the world and our investments are leveraged from visual computing and leveraged from our GPUs, but these are still large investments as you know.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Hi, Betsy. There are several drivers for gross margins. One is Quadro our professional visualization products is quite rich in gross margins, because it's mostly a software product. Our value proposition in Quadro is very heavily related to all of the middleware and tools and all of the algorithm technologies that we incorporate into software packages all over the world that are processed by Quadro. Tesla is rich in gross margins, because again it's very much a computing platform products, it's not a chip product, and it's about the programming model, it's about the programming language, it's about compilers and tools and libraries and all about although the computation of mathematicians that work with our super computing centers and research centers around the world to solve the worlds most complex science problems. What also helps our gross margin – drives our gross margins is GRID. GRID again is a heavily software product. The GPU hypervisor, all of the compatibility that’s integrated into all of the hypervisors and to enterprise infrastructures around the world, the value proposition that it delivers it's just very much a software product. And of course in the future if we were successful with our core - GPU core IP strategy that would be a big lift on gross margins. So we have products that are very software intensive, very IP intensive and therefore very margin rich. But we also have OEM products where we have to compete against other chip providers and our margins are much more compressed there. And so it just depends on where, which one of these parts of our businesses grow faster. I am not exactly sure whether I would be happier if the gross margins were to be richer and richer or whether our revenues were to outpace our gross margin growth, but we have the vehicles now from IP to chips to very value rich, software rich system components and systems to be able to drive our growth and yet we can be singularly focused on visual computing. We can be singularly focused and being the world’s best GPU provider and serve these markets that are growing quickly.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think that’s a good approximation. Our GPU product line basically is mid-point of margins and so if you see quarter growth faster than top line, if you see Tegra growth faster in top line, if you see GRID growth faster in top line, then I would expect our gross margins to increase. If you see Tegra growth faster than top line, then you would see our gross margins come under some pressure and if they both grow at similar rates, then our gross margins would stay flat.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think there are seasonality factors, but I think that there are product cycle factors that are greater than the seasonality factor. And although -- and don’t take this as a guidance for the January quarter, but we’re just in the process of ramping Tegra 4 into all of the devices that have been announced and devices that have not yet been announced. We're ramping SHIELD and the holiday season of course is a factor there and SHIELD is a brand new product for us. And we're ramping on Logan. And so we were late to market with Tegra 4 and it was a bit of a scramble, but I think the decisions were really, really good. We wanted to bring forward our modem technology so that we can start to engage the market and start the long process of certification. We also wanted to pull forward very importantly our mobile Kepler GPU. It was a three-year endeavor to take the world's most advanced GPU and mobilizing it and the results are just really quite spectacular. It's kind of amazing to see the graphics that you see in a high end PC or even a super computer for that matter running in a little mobile processor. And the architecture and the efficiency is so exquisite that the energy efficiency is really – really it's a big continuity. We've already demonstrated some three times better energy efficiency and as you know; energy efficiency if in a constrained energy environment like a mobile device, the most energy efficient processor is also the most high performance processor. And so I'm super excited for Logan and now we can get into the marketplace well ahead of the competition. And so those factors along with the work that we're doing in GPUs are likely to play a role and so we'll see how it turns out.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Let's see, first of all, our modem qualification comes in two different parts and they're related but not the same. First is the data service which is important for all of our tablet products. And so data modem cert is well ahead of the voice and we're in the process of doing that as we speak. And then there's the [voice] that goes with Tegra 4i. That happens when the certification completes near the end of the year. And so we're not expecting – the reason why we do AT&T is because it's the most rigorous and if we get through AT&T, you're pretty much set on just about vastly the western world's open markets. So that's the reason why we focus on AT&T first.
Jen-Hsun Huang: All three. Chris mentioned that Tesla had an almost record quarter and most of that was from not one singular supercomputing center installation. It was all from open markets and smaller installations, (indiscernible) purchased around off-the-shelf applications. So there is now just a current of business that appears to have developed around the world and that's really healthy for gross margins. And whenever we do well in gaming, it helps our gross margins. You know that GeForce has two parts. There's the GeForce for OEMs and there is GeForce GTX for gaming. Usually when I say gaming, I just mean GeForce GTX which happens to be most of our – the upper half of our GeForce business.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I would really love to see GRID be able to contribute on a level like Telsa next year. And Telsa contributes materially. I think that SHIELD is just hard to say. We didn't – we had high expectations from a personal level but we didn't set high expectations from a financial level. We think it's just a really special and quite a distinguished product. And the more people that are playing with it and touching it and holding it and enjoying it, the more they become really passionate around it. It's a little bit like a gaming PC is to a PC. This is a gaming Android device to an Android device. And it's a specialized Android device just as our GeForce PCs are really a specialized PC for gaming. And so I think the logic is relatively similar. We can deploy the company's DNA expertise in graphics and gaming into SHIELD and so people understand it when NVIDIA brings a gaming product to market, they've known and grown up with GeForce for many of our – I even meet many engineers in NVIDIA who grew up on NVIDIA's GPUs. And they know our gaming brands very well and they know what we can do in this field. So I think it could be a really, really interesting outcome but we're modest with it right and we're just really grateful that everybody loves it so much.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our sequential and annual notebook decline is dramatically slower than the overall notebook decline.
Jen-Hsun Huang: That's a tough question because of two factors. One factor is, it’s hard to say exactly where SHIELD is going to be and we’re just expecting it – we’re just trying to be modest at the moment. Two, the separation between Tegra 4 and Tegra 3 or Tegra 3 and Tegra 4 is well over a year. The separation between Tegra 4 and Tegra Next is as you know relatively short, because Logan is already sampling. The sacrifice that we made on Tegra 4 to bring in Logan was really a good decision, because we wanted to introduce the mobile world to the most advanced GPU in the world and what NVIDIA’s core DNA is all about. And it’s a time when the market is really craving a great GPU. The next generation Tegra or Logan has a lot more than a great GPU in it. And there are many other surprises that we’ve in store that I’m just super excited about. But at the very minimum, it contains the most advanced GPU in the world binary compatible, architecturally compatible, but at a power envelope that’s 100 times lower and it’s the most efficient GPU that’s ever been built for mobile and any energy or performance comparison is against anything that’s available around the horizon is just off the charts and so we’re going to take Logan to market as fast as we can. And so those two factors SHIELD and Logan are kind of makes that your question a little hard to answer.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Thanks everyone. And we look forward to talking to you next time in our Q3 earnings call. Anyone we haven’t got up with now we will catch up with you immediately after the call. Thank you.
Karen Burns: Yeah, that's the quarter for Q3. That's where the growth we're expecting. I think that's your question.
Karen Burns: Well, we haven't announced any new buyback plan but we certainly have a commitment to capital returns for the long term. The contracts that we're under right now does not add until the end of Q3.
Karen Burns: The 750 million is what we're going to repurchase and the bulk of it, the majority of 40 million shares we have received and we're expecting an incremental amount in Q3. So effectively a share repurchase in Q3 as well.
Karen Burns: So I mentioned we were at 700 – just under 800 million for the first half. And then if you add the 418 guidance and then on a path for Q4 if you do some trajectory small, we're just above 1.6 and it's a classic range of plus or minus 2%.
