Rob Csongor: I think Karen's comments were related to the fact that as people gear up for Haswell, they tend to be leaner on inventory. We are expecting to be quite successful on Haswell. We are expecting to gain share on Haswell and continue our leadership in the GPU business.
Rob Csongor: Well, its slowing but it’s a very large market. So if we were the dominant player in those segments today, then our business would be slower. But we are new entering in these markets. So my sense is that the market is quite large and it gives us a lot of opportunities. I think at the high-end or the midrange or the low-end, Android is really quite disruptive and it is going to continue to become over time. People who enjoy Android phones are you want to enjoy Android tablets and Android this and that. The reason for that is, of course, once you get your content in the cloud and once you have all your applications in the Google Play store, you are going to deploy more of those applications in all of devices that you own. So my sense is that there is still great opportunities to continue to grow the Android market and it is going to reflect the Android phone shares overtime. So my belief is that the opportunities are quite exciting for us still.
Rob Csongor: Well first of all, I would correct some assumptions. The discrete GPU market has been growing for us 12% CAGR over the last four or five years. We see no reason why it is going to stop. The reason for that is because we are making the GPU more useful over time. Four years ago no one spoke of using GPUs for general purpose computing. Four years ago no one spoke of using GPUs to accelerate digital content creation applications. Four years ago no one spoke about putting GPUs in servers. Now Cisco, IBM, Dell, HP, all are shipping servers with GPUs inside. They are shipping it for accelerated VDI. They are shipping it for cloud computing. You heard probably from GTC Conference, Shazam and many others are starting to develop their software on GPU, so that they could deal with the Big Data problems that are happening as a result of more and more mobile devices and the use of cloud computing. Four years ago, none of that stuff happened, and I think our investment in making the GPU more flexible and our investment in CUDA has the GPU are really terrific parallel processing device, and so we've expanded the reach of GPUs into non-PC devices. Meanwhile, PC is really one of the most important gaming platforms today. It's one of the most important gaming platforms, because it's open. And if you were developing free to play games where the economics wherein the PC is really a terrific platform to them, there are many markets outside the United States, where the game console was just not as popular for example China, Korea, many of the regions outside of the United States, particularly Asia, which happens to be the fastest growing markets for us. The PC is really the preferred gaming platform and we are seeing a lot of growth there. So, there's a lot of reasons to be enthusiastic about the continued growth of GPUs, and so I would say the assumptions needs to be corrected, number one. Number two, tablets disrupt the PC. It disrupts the PC for casual PC use. You can't really use a tablet to design a car yet, and it really doesn't make sense to use a phone to create a movie. So, there are a lot of productivity and the keyboard is important and large storage is important and a mouse is important and large display is important, so a lot of us the PC continues to be very important and those are not being disrupted really. And, where the [segment] that's being disrupted by the tablet today, we are not really players as you know. The bottom half of the PC market is a non-market for video for a long time. It's clearly going on five, six, seven years, where segments of marketplace and that's the reason why we invested in Tegra, so that we could participate in these new computing devices disrupting the entry level PC, a great tablet is surely better than a GTC.
Rob Csongor: Let me break it down this way. So, whenever our gaming business improves it helps gross margins. Whenever GTX improves, it helps gross margins. When Tesla grows it helps gross margins. When Quadro grows it helps gross margins relative to the corporate average. I am talking about relative to corporate average. When GRID grows it helps relative to gross margins. When notebook obviously drag the gross margins, because they tend to be more competitive business. Low end desktop PC business tends to drag gross margins, but that's not a very large business anyhow. Okay. So, you just think about it at the highest levels simplistically like that, every quarter is of course a little bit different, but if you simplistically think of it that way that GRID, Tesla, Quadro and GTX are good promotions, improving those business are good promotions.
Rob Csongor: I believe that the vast majority comes outside of Quadro. Quadro is stable and slightly growing, but the growing, the really significant growth should be coming out of Tesla and GRID. That's for enterprise.
Rob Csongor: You know, the PC market declined 10% quarter-over-quarter, but we declined only 6% quarter-over-quarter, and that difference comes from growth in the non-commodity PC space of course and wherever that growth is that's non-commodity PC space will tend to be Tesla and Quadro and GTX and those growth are always good for us and that helps gross margins. That's also we are putting most of our energy. Most of our energy related to GPGPU, related to extending our GPU beyond the PC into our data centers and servers all the work that has led to the announcement of Cisco, and IBM, and Dell and HP launching their GPU servers, all of that kind of growth is good and I think we are just gearing up for GRID becoming a larger and larger component of our business and that's good for our margins.
Rob Csongor: No. Those kind of pricing is known quite long ago, right? We get design wins six months, nine months for the fourth quarter. And so those kind of pricing actions were done long ago.
Rob Csongor: Okay. Thank you. All right, I think that’s all we have time for today. Thanks very much, everyone. Look forward to talking you next time at our Q2 earnings call.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We see the phone market and the rest of the new computing devices market to be very different. Let me talk about the phone market first. The high-end phone market is dominated really by two players [Samsung, and both of them have their own application processors. We do not really think that we could add a whole lot of value there, and so our target is the next segment down. We believe that we can add value to the phone market by building an application processor that has the features and capability of a super phone, but the price of the mainstream phone, and that's the reason why we targeted the segment that is currently Snapdragon 400. From that perspective you could see that Tegra 4i is incredibly well positioned. It brings a level of capabilities and features of performance that that segment has just never seen. And, we launched it early in the year, a couple of months ago. We see a lot of excitement, we have customer projects going now and hopefully we can we can get to market as soon as possible. We pulled in the Tegra 4i by about six months. That was a decision that we made we felt that it was good for us to engage the LTE as soon as possible. This is a market that's still doubling everywhere. The sooner we engage, the better off we are going to be and so that's the phone market. Outside of the phone market, it is fair to say that you would recognize this as well that there is a lot of licensees of ARM, something like 80 licensees of ARM. I don’t even know who isn’t a licensee of ARM. Maybe that’s a good way of saying it. But yes, there aren’t that many people that are contenders for the performance segment. Tegra 2 was the highest, was the world's first dual core. Tegra 3 was the world's first quad core with a 4+1 architecture and Tegra 4 is the highest performance application processor in the marketplace today. So my sense is that performance is a combination of architecture. Obviously the ARM processor makes a big difference. Your GPU, your system architecture and also, of course, the software. That’s an area that we can add a lot of value to. Outside of phones, where these new computing devices are becoming increasingly, like your entry-level personal computer, performance matters. This is an area we can add a lot of value.
Jen-Hsun Huang: That’s what we are expecting. If you look at last year, Tegra 3 has, truly, a couple of high-profile devices. Those have a lifetime in the marketplace of about a year. Because we decided to pull in Tegra 4i by six months, as a result we slipped out. Tegra 4 by about three months, we are going to have a trough in Q2 this year. The Tegra 4 is a great device. It’s a processor. This time around, although we have fewer phones, fewer high-profile phones, there more Android devices being built around the world than you could imagine. There is all kinds of new types of devices coming to market. We have tablets, obviously in development. We have other types of computing devices that we will also announced probably starting in the Q2 and ramping strongly in Q3 and Q4. But one of the areas that is becoming more common is our automotive business. It doubles every year. It is going to double this year again. It will continue to double with the current design wins that we have in FY16, it should peak at about $450 million and so. So this is an important business for us. We are just becoming more diversified in our Tegra business.
Jen-Hsun Huang: On balance, Tegra is lower than 54%. However GRID and Tesla are much higher than 54%. So the two of them are both going to grow. We will see how it shakes out. Hopefully they both grow, really best, and then the gross margins would just be where the gross margins aren’t.
Jen-Hsun Huang: First of all, desktop includes workstations, desktop includes gaming, and then of course, discrete graphics also includes data centers, include servers, includes supercomputers and then there is notebook. So, did you want me to compare notebook versus all of the other discrete GPU or specifically notebook versus low-end desktop.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, gaming PCs are still growing. Notebooks is now about flattish, and so I would expect notebook, gaming PCs that continue to grow.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The notebook market in general is flattish, right? The high end notebook market is about flattish. The overall notebook market is declining some, but that's because the low part of the notebook market which we don't participate in is being disrupted by tablets, but we are not in that market anyways. And you could argue that that the more disruptive tablets are of the low-end PC market, the better off it is for us, and I think it is. More people enjoy tablets, the better off it is. People who build these high-end gaming PCs and people how are enthusiasts and who enjoy having the most performance on the desktop or people who are building these PCs for their own video editing, you know, hobbies or the makers, people who are for designing 3-D objects and then printing it at home, they print their own jewelry, they print their own I don't know what telephones, they need to be designing 3D somehow and those PCs tend to have GPUs inside. And that's a movement that's really growing fast. So, I would say that desktop PC market that we target, that we serve, is quite vibrant market.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, it tends to be broader, but you really should start with AT&T, because if you get certified at AT&T, you are pretty much certifying a superset for just about every country. If you are good at AT&T, you are pretty good in Italy or Turkey or larger global markets.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We said that I think the first question was related to notebook. Notebook is likely to be slightly down as people are cautious second half. (Inaudible) want to be quite vibrant around quite seasonal, but other than that everything else is growing, but overall I think the GPU marketplace, our GPU business is going gross 7% sequentially.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, in notebook, you have a pretty good sense of your share because of design wins. Our share could fluctuate a little bit depending on sell-in versus sell-out of notebooks and when the Mercury Research takes the poll, takes the snapshot but that’s one factor. The other factor, is it Intel versus AMD loses share. On balance, our share is higher on Intel than it is on AMD. As you could imagine. AMD CPUs. So if Intel were to lose share to AMD, it affect our share but so long as Intel share relative to AMD is stable or eventually were to gain share then our share would reflect that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, probably not as big of a change this year. If you look at it this way, first suppose Intel was 80% of the market and AMD was 20% and almost a few platforms are really opportunities for us. On Intel platforms out of the 80% if we were to have the vast majority of that 80% of that that result a market share some 64% overall and so that tells you something about our market share. On the Intel platforms we are quite successful. On the AMD platforms there's not really opportunities for us. If AMD were to gain share by 5%, we'll pick up a little bit. If AMD loses share, or Intel loses share, we would lose overall share. So, at this point I think that our market share on notebooks is relatively stable you could be from season-to-season, depend on model-to-model, OEMs to OEMS We may win or lose a little bit, but I think overall that's just not a factor in our overall business that much anymore. We are going to keep working hard to gain share there and but if you look at our growth prospects of gaming PC is very important. The workstation marketplace as the industries around the world are due to develop and as more economies become a design economy is just a manufacturing economy. Our workstation business continues to grow. More and more people are using and creating with digital content, and when they create the digital content it helps our workstation business and then all of our GRID initiatives to take integrate into accelerated the VDI accelerating Citrix applications will accelerate VMware applications you to GRID in the cloud to grouping for high performance for cloud computing dealing with big data. That's really where the really exciting GPU growth opportunities are. That's helpful. Then to follow-up on that point, as you look at GRID and as you look at SHIELD are you a point where you can quantify but the contribution of those two businesses would be for the business this year, and if not when do you think will you get there.
Jen-Hsun Huang: For GRID and SHIELD, I am really hopeful that at the end of the year as we look back, and we are done with this fiscal year, we look back that both of them contributed to our earnings.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, first of all, last year had a trough in Q2. This year, we are going to have our trough in Q2. The overall market is doing quite well, so if we had a trough, we must have lost share and we lose share momentarily in our trough, and then when we go back, we are going to gain share. We are still a relatively small player in the overall mobile space. Our position is becoming more and more clear to people. The partners that we've worked with are enthusiastic about the products that we are building, but we have the trough because we decided to pull in Tegra 4i, and we pulled in Tegra 4i by about six months. And as a result, we weren't able to hold on to our schedule of Tegra 4. And, so Tegra 4, instead of ramping in Q2 like Tegra 3 ramp in Q2 last year, Tegra 4 is going to ramp in Q3.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Let's see. That was a whole lot of questions lumped into one and I am just teasing to part real quick. Number one, GRID is not lumped in to Tegra. GRID is part of GPUs. So that’s just the first clarification. Tegra is are new computing devices business. It includes phones. It includes tablets. It includes everything Android. It includes automotive. It includes SHIELD. Because Tegra is a chip. Its not a business. We lumped it all together for the simplicity of understanding. Because we highly leverage everything. These mobile devices are becoming, these new computing devices are becoming more and more similar. They all have ARM CPUs. They all have Android. They all have Wi-Fi and 4G and USB and HDMI. All these things that are kind of becoming universal computing platforms, whether it is a car or television or tablet it is becoming very similar. That’s one of the reasons why Android is becoming so successful. It really embodies all of the spirit of Linux. It is open. And if you want to be an Android device, devices like Tegra are going to be quite useful. So we lump all that together for simplicity. In the case of phones, in the case of Tegra there are two devices that we are selling now. There is Tegra 4 and then there is Tegra 4i. Tegra 4 is the high-end processor. Tegra 4i has an integrated modem. Tegra 4i is much more targeted at phones. Tegra 4 is much more targeted at tablets, set-top boxes, cars, clamshell devices, et cetera. So we have a lot more Tegra 4 design wins than we have Tegra 4i because we just announced Tegra 4i. We pulled it in by six months surprised the customers and we surprised the market which is all good and I was talking about the positioning of Tegra 4i earlier that was really targeted at the mainstream with superphone features. We have customer projects ongoing now and our expectation is that the design cycle would take about nine months to about a year, which is relatively typical for phones. So we announced it in Q1. My expectation is that we would have phones completed in late Q4 and then be in production hopefully be in shells by Q1 of next year. Tegra 4 tablets and clamshells and TVs and set-top boxes and that kind of stuff, cars and that kind of stuff, we hope our customers announce devices in late Q2 and we would like to be ramping quite hard by Q3 effect. I hope that clarifies it for you.
Raji Gill: A question on GRID. You talked Tegra troughing in second quarter mainly because of the transition to 4i, was there inventory correction also contributing to that trial for marketing loss which contributed to massive decline in and then also declining again in Q2 of it base.
Raji Gill: Right. Understand. And, as we go into the second half for Tegra, excluding GRID and excluding SHIELD, but just looking at the Tegra business exclusively, because you are lumping everything in Tegra now. How many design wins do you have on Tegra 4i. That would kind of give you some confidence that you are starting to penetrate and I would assume that will be on the handset side. And along those lines, I mean, I guess, the competitive landscape is more intense was say two years ago, particularly in China with MediaTek and Spreadtrum. So I was just wondering if you could maybe talk about where you could grow and enhance that? I know you talked about where Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 plays into but if you could elaborate on that that would be great. Thanks a lot, Jen-Hsun.
Raji Gill: No, it does. I appreciate that but just to make sure, so 4i, you are really not going to see much revenue until obviously in to Q1 of next year. So the Tegra revenue that’s going to be ramping in the second half are really going to come from either SHIELD or Tegra 4 in tablets or automotive or whatever it is.
