Jensen Huang: Yes, C.J., thanks for the question. The -- you captured a lot of the dynamics well in your question. The underlying dynamics of the Gaming industry is really solid, net of the situation with COVID lockdown in China and Russia. The rest of the market is fairly robust and we expect the Gaming dynamics to be intact. The several things that are driving the Gaming industry. In the last two years alone, 100 million new gamers came into the PC industry. The format has expanded tremendously. And the ways that people are using their PCs to connect with friends, to be an influencer as a platform for themselves, use it for broadcast. So, many people are now using their home PCs as their second workstation, if you will, second studio. Because they're also working from home. It is our primary way of communicating these days. The need for GeForce PCs have never been greater. And so I think the fundamental dynamics are really good. And so as we look into the second half of the year, we look -- it's hard to predict exactly what -- when COVID and the war in Russia is going to be behind us. But nonetheless, the governing dynamics of the Gaming industry is great.
Jensen Huang: Yes. I appreciate the question. The -- let's see, the first point that you made is a very big point. The next generation of servers that are being teed up right now are all Gen 5. The I/O performance is substantially higher than what was available before. And so, you're going to see a pretty large refresh as a result of that. Brand-new networking cards from our company and others. Gen 5, of course, drives new platform refresh. And so, we're perfectly timed to ramp into the Gen 5 generation with Hopper. There are a lot of different system configurations you want to make. If you take a step back and look at the type of systems that are necessary for data processing, scientific computing, machine learning and training, inference done in the cloud for hyperscale nature, done on-prem for enterprise computing, done at the edge. Each one of these workloads and deployment locations, the way that you manage would dictate a different system architecture. So there isn't one size that fits all, which is one of the reasons why it's so terrific that we support PCI Express, that we innovated chip-to-chip interconnect for diverse -- before anybody else did, this is now some seven years ago, we're in our fourth generation of NVLink that allows us to connect two chips next to each other, two dies, two chips, two modules, two SXM modules to two systems to multiple systems. And so our coherent chip-to-chip link, NVLink has made it possible for us to mix and match chips, dies, packages, systems and all of these different types of configurations. And I think that, over time, you're going to see even more types of configurations. And the reason for that has to do with a couple of very important new type of data centers that are emerging. And you're starting to see that now with fairly large installations, infrastructures with NVIDIA, HPC and NVIDIA AI. These are really AI factories where you're processing the data, refining the data and turning that data into intelligence. These AI factories are essentially running one major workload and they're running at 24/7. Deep recommender systems is a good example of that. In the future, you're going to see large language models essentially becoming a platform themselves. That would be running 24/7, hosting a whole bunch of applications. And then on the other end, you're seeing data centers at the edge that are going to be robotics or autonomous data centers that are running 24/7. They are going to be running in factories and retail stores and warehouses, logistics warehouses, all over the world. So these two new types of data centers are just emerging, and they also have different architectures. So I think the net of it all is that our ability to support every single workload because we have a universal accelerator, running every single workload from data processing to data analytics to high-performance computing to training to inference that we can support Arm and x86 that we support PCI Express to Multisystem NVlink to multi-chip NVLink to multi-die NVLink, that capability for us is -- makes it possible for us to really be able to serve all of these different segments. With respect to vertical integration, I think that system integration, the better way of maybe saying that is that system integration is going to come in all kinds of different ways. We're going to do semi-custom chips as we've done with many companies in the past, including Nintendo. We'll do semi-custom chiplets as we do with NVLink. NVLink is open to our partners. And they could bring it to any fab and connect it coherently into our chip. We could do multi module packages. We could do multi-package systems. So there's a lot of different ways to do system integration.
Jensen Huang: Thanks. Our Data Center demand is strong and remains strong. Hyperscale and cloud computing revenues, as you mentioned, has grown significantly. It's doubled year-over-year. and we're seeing really strong adoption of A100. A100 is really quite special and unique in the world of accelerators. And this is one of the really, really great innovations as we extended our GPU from graphics to CUDA to Tensor Core GPUs. It's now a universal accelerator. And so you could use it for data processing for ETL, for example, extract, transform and load. You could use it for database acceleration. Many sequel functions are accelerated on NVIDIA GPUs. We accelerate Rapids, we accelerate which is the Python version a Data Center scale version of Pandas, we accelerate Spark 3.0. And so from database queries to data processing, to extraction, and transform and loading of data before you do training and inference and whatever image processing or other algorithmic processing you need to do can be fully accelerated on A100. And so we're seeing great success there. on at the core and closer to what is happening today, you're seeing several different very important new AI models that are being invested in at very, very large scale and with great urgency. You probably have heard about Deep Recommender Systems. This is the economic engine, the information filtering engine of the Internet, if not for the recommender system, it would be practically impossible for us to enjoy our Internet experience shopping experience with trillions of things that are changing in the world every day constantly and be able to use your three-inch phone to even engage the Internet. And so all of that magic is made possible by this incredible thing call a recommender system second thing is conversational AI. You're seeing chat bots and website customer service, even live customer service being now supported by AI, conversational AI has an opportunity to enhance the customer service on the one hand. On the other hand, supplement for a lot of labor shortage. And then the third is this groundbreaking piece of work as related to Transformers that led to natural language understanding breakthrough. But within it, is this incredible thing called large language models, which embeds human knowledge because it's been trained and so much data. And we recently announced Megatron 530B. And it was a collaboration we did with Microsoft, the foundation of – I think they call it Turing. And this language model and others like it, like open AI, GPD 3 are really transformative and they take an enormous amount of computation. However, the net result is a pre-trade model that is really quite remarkable. Now we're working with thousands of start-ups, large companies that are building who are using the public cloud. And so it's driving a lot of demand for us in the public cloud. I think we have now 10,000 AI inception startups that are working with us and using NVIDIA AI, whether it's on-prem or in the cloud, it saves money, because the computation time is significantly reduced. The quality of service is a lot better and they could do greater things. And so that's driving AI in the cloud. And so all of these different factors, whether it's just the industrial recognition of the importance of AI, the transformative nature of these new AI models recommender systems, large language models, conversational AI. The thousands of companies around the world that are using NVIDIA AI in the cloud -- driving public cloud demand, all of these things are driving our Data Center growth. And so we expect to see Data Center demand remain strong.
Jensen Huang: Yes. Ambrish, thanks for the question. On first principles, it should be the case that our visibility of Data Centers is vastly better, vastly better than a couple of years ago. And the reason for that is several. One, if you recall a couple two, three years ago, deep learning and AI was starting to accelerate in the most computer science deep companies in the world with CSPs and hyperscalers. And -- but just about everywhere else, it was still quite nascent. And there was a couple of reasons for that. Obviously, the understanding of the technology is not as pervasive at the time. The type of industrial use cases for artificial intelligence requires labeling of data that's really quite difficult. And then now with Transformers, you have unsupervised learning and other techniques, zero-shot learning that allows us to do all kinds of interesting things without having to have human-labeled data. We even have synthetic generated data with Omniverse that helps customers do data generation without having to label data, which is either too costly or, quite frankly, oftentimes impossible. And so now, the knowledge and the technology has evolved to a place that most of the industries could use artificial intelligence at a fairly effective way and in many industries rather transformative. And so I think, number one, we went from clouds and hyperscalers to all of industries. Second, we went from training-focused to inference. Most people thought that inference was going to be easy. It turns out the inference is by far the harder. And the reason for that is because there are so many different models and there are so many different use cases and so many quality of service requirements, and you want to run these inference models in a small of a footprint as you can. And so when you scale out, the number of users that use the service is really quite high. So using acceleration, using NVIDIA's platform, we could inference any model from computer vision to speech to chemistry to biology, you name it. And we do it so quickly and so fast that the cost is very low. And so the more acceleration you do, the more money you will save. And that, I think, that wisdom is absolutely true. And so the second dimension is training to inference. The third dimension is that we now have so many different types of configurations of systems that we can go from high-performance computing systems all the way to cloud to on-prem to edge. And then the final concept is really this industrial deployment now of AI that's causing us to be able to in just about every industry, find growth. And so as you know, our cloud and hyperscalers are growing very, very quickly. However, the vertical part, vertical industries, which is financial services and retail and telco and all of those vertical industries have also grown very, very nicely. And so, in all of those different dimensions, our visibility should be a lot better. And then starting a couple of years ago, adding the Mellanox portfolio to our company, we're able to provide a lot more solution-oriented end-to-end platform solutions for companies that don't have the skills and don't have the technical depth to be able to stand up these sophisticated systems. And so, our networking business is growing very, very nicely as well.
Jensen Huang: Either one of those answers -- the answer is yes. We see a strong demand in data center, hyperscale to cloud computing to vertical industries. Ampere is going to continue to scale out. It's been qualified in every single company in the world. And so, after two years, it remains the best universal accelerator on the planet, and it's going to continue to scale out in all these different domains and different markets. We're going to layer on top of that, a brand-new architecture Hopper. We’re going to layer on top of that brand-new networking architectures. Quantum 3, CX-7, BlueField 3 and we have increasing supply. And so, we're looking forward to an excellent quarter next quarter again for data centers and going into the second half.
Jensen Huang: Several data points. We are just starting. We have just started shipping Orin in the first quarter of shipping production Orin. Orin is a robotics processor. It's designed for a software-defined robotic car or robotic pick and placer or a robotic mover, logistics mover. We've been designed into 35 car and trucks and robo taxi companies and more others, if you include logistics movers and last-mile delivery systems and farming equipment and the number of design wins for Orin is really quite fantastic. Orin is a revolutionary processor. And it's designed as a, if you will, a Data Center on a chip. And it is the first Data Center on a chip that is robotic, processes sensor information, it's safe, it has the ability to be rather resilient as confidential computing. It is designed to be secure, designed to be all those things because these data centers are going to be everywhere. And so Orin is really a technological marvels in production. We experienced very likely the lowest auto quarter in some time for some time. And the reason for that is because over the next six years-or-so, we have $11 billion and counting of business that we've secured estimated. And so I think it's a fairly safe thing to say now that Orin and our autonomous vehicle and robotics business is going to be our next multibillion dollar business. It's on its way surely there. The robotics and autonomous systems and autonomous machines, whether they move or not move, but AI systems that are at the physical edge is surely going to be the next major computing segment. It is surely going to be the next major Data Center segment. We've been working in this area, as you know, for a decade. We have a fair amount of expertise in this area. And Orin is just one example of our work here. We have four pillars to our strategy for autonomous systems. Starting from the data processing and the AI training part of it, to train robotics AIs; second, to simulate robotics AIs, which is omniverse; third, to the memory of the robotics AI otherwise known as mapping; and then finally, the actual robotics application and the robotics processor in the system, and that's where Orin goes. But Orin is just one of our four pillars of our robotics strategy and the next wave of AI. And so I am really optimistic and really enthusiastic about the next phase of the computer industry's growth. And I think a lot of it is going to be at the edge. A lot of it's going to be about robotics.
Jensen Huang: Thanks, everyone. The full impact and duration of the war in Ukraine and COVID lockdowns in China is difficult to predict. However, the impact of our technology and our market opportunities remain unchanged. The effectiveness of deep learning AI continues to stand. The transformer model, which led to the natural language understanding breakthroughs is being advanced to learn patterns with great spatial, sequential and temporal complexity. Researchers are creating transformer models that are revolutionizing applications from robotics to drug discovery. The effectiveness of deep learning AI is driving companies across industries to adopt NVIDIA for AI computing. We're focused on four major initiatives. First, ramping our next generation of AI infrastructure chips and platforms, Hopper GPU, BlueField DPU, NVLink, InfiniBand, Quantum InfiniBand, Spectrum Ethernet Networking. And all this to help customers build their AI factories and take advantage of new AI breakthroughs like transformers. Second, ramping our system and software industry partners to launch Grace, our first CPU. Third, ramping Orin, our new robotics processor and nearly 40 customers building cars, robo taxis, trucks, delivery robots, logistics robots, farming robots to medical instruments. And fourth, with our software platforms, adding new value to our ecosystem with NVIDIA AI and NVIDIA Omniverse and expanding into new markets with new CUDA acceleration libraries. These initiatives will greatly advance AI. And while continuing to extend this most impactful technology of our time to scientists in every field and companies in every industry. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Thank you.
Colette Kress: Sure. Let me start first with what does that mean to Gaming. What does that mean to Gaming for Q2? We do expect Gaming to decline into Q2. We still believe our end demand remains very strong. Ampere has just been a great architecture, and there's many areas where we continue to see strength and growth in both our sell-through and probably what we will see added into that channel as well. But in total, Q2 Gaming will decline from last quarter from Q1 that it will probably decline in the teens. As we try and work through some of these lockdowns in China, which are holding us up. So overall, the demand for Gaming is still strong. We still expect end demand to grow year-over-year in Q2.
Colette Kress: Yes. Vivek, let me first answer the question that you asked regarding any new products as we look at Q2. As we discussed about it, most of the ramp that we have of our new architectures, we're going to see in the back half of the year. We're going to start to see, for example, Hopper will probably be here in Q3, but starting to ramp closer to the end of the calendar year. So, you should think about most of our product launches to be ramping in the second half of the year on that part. I'll turn it over for Jensen Huang for the rest.
Colette Kress: Thanks, Tim, for the question. Let me try and bet here on the China and Russia, two very different things. The current China lockdowns that we are seeing interestingly has implications to both supply and demand. We have seen challenges in terms of the logistics throughout the country, things going in out of the country. It puts a lot of pressure on just logistics that were already under pressure. From a demand perspective, it has also been head from the gaming side. You have very large cities that are in full lockdown, focusing really on other important things for the citizens there. So, it's impacting our demand. We do believe that they will come out of COVID and the demand for our products will come back. We do believe that will occur. The supply will sort it out. It's very difficult to determine how. Now, in the case of Russia, we're not selling to Russia. That's something that we had announced earlier last quarter. But there were plans and Russia has been a part of our overall company revenue of probably about 2% of our company revenue historically and a little larger percentage when you look at our Gaming business. I hope that helped.
