Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, there are a lot of dynamics going on in gaming, what dynamic of course is that there is a fairly sizable pent up demand going into this quarter. But I think a larger dynamics that are happening relate to just a really amazing games that are out right now. PUBG is doing incredibly well as you might have known and it’s become a global phenomenon and whether it’s here in United States or Europe or in China, in Asia. PUBG is just doing incredibly well and we expect other developers that come with up similar genre like PUBG that can become in the near future and I am super excited about these games. And there is of course Call of Duty, there is Star Wars that, there are just only so many great games around the market like today. Overwatch and League of Legends are still doing well. They just catalyst number of great franchises that are out in the marketplace and the gaming market is growing and production valley is going up and that's driving increased unit sales of GPUs as well as APSs of GPUs. And so, I think those are that’s probably the larger dynamic of gaming.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, first of all I appreciate you are asking a Tensor Core question. It is probably the single biggest innovation we had last year in data centers. Our GPU the equivalent performance to one of our GPUs, and one of our multi-GPUs would take something along the lines of 20 plus GPUs or 10 plus notes. And so one GPU alone would do deep learning so fast that it would 10 plus CPU powered server notes to keep it with. And then Tensor Core comes along last year and we increased the throughput of deep learning, increased the computation throughput deep learning by another factor of eight. And so Tensor Core really illustrates the power of GPU, it's very unlike a CPU when the instruction sets remain locked for a long-term and its hard, it's difficult to advance. In the case of our GPUs and with could that’s one of its fundamental advantages, we can continue to year in and year out, continue to add new facilities to it. And so Tensor Core boost of the original great performance of our GPU is really raised the bar last year. And as ColetteI said earlier, our Volta GPU has now been adopted all over the world whether it's in China with Alibaba, Tencent and Baidu, iFlytek too. Here in United States Amazon and Facebook and Google and Microsoft and IBM and Oracle. And in Europe and Japan, the number of cloud service provides that have adopted Volta has been terrific. And I think I already really appreciated the work that we did with Tensor Core and although the updates they are now coming out from the frameworks, Tensor Core is the new instruction fit and new architecture and the deep learning developers have really jumped on it and almost every deep learning frame work is being optimized to take advantage of Tensor Core. On the inference side, on the inference side and that’s where it would play a role in video games. You could use deep learning now to synthesize and to generate new art, and we been demonstrating some of that as you could see, if you could you seen some of that whether it improve the quality of textures, generating artificial, characters, animating characters, whether its facial animation with for speech or body animation. The type of work that you could do with deep learning for video games is growing. And that’s where Tensor Core to take up could be a real advantage. If you take a look at the computational that we have in Tensor Core compare to a non optimized GPU or even a CPU, it's now to plus orders of magnitude on greater competition of throughput. And that allows us to do things like synthesize images in real time and synthesize virtual world and make characters and make faces, bringing a new level of virtual reality and artificial intelligence to the video games.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Sure. In the near-term, the best way to measure customers that are already using our GPUs for deep learning is repeat customers. When they come back another quarter, another quarter and they continue to buy GPUs that would suggest that the workflows continue to increase. The -- with existing customers that already have a very deep penetration, another opportunity for us would be using our GPUs for inference and that’s an untapped growth opportunity for our company that's really, really exciting, we're traction there. For companies that are not at the forefront, the absolute forefront of deep learning, which -- with the exception of one or two or three hyperscalers, almost everybody else I’ll put in this category. And their deployment, their adoption of deep learning, applying deep learning to all of their applications, is still ongoing. And so I think the second wave of our customers is just showing up. And then there is a third wave of customer which is, they're not hyperscalers, they are internet service -- service applications, internet applications for consumers. They have enormous customer basis and that they could apply to artificial intelligence to, but they run their application in hyperscale clouds. That third phase of growth is now really spiking and I'm excited about that. And so that's kind of the way to think about it. The pioneers and the first phase are the training customers. Then there is the second phase that’s now ramping. The third phase, that’s now ramping. And then for everybody, we have an opportunity to apply our GPUs for inference. If I had all the money in the world, and I had for example billions and billions of dollars of R&D, I would give it to NVIDIA’s GPU team, which is exactly what I do. And the reason for that is because GPU was already inherently the world's best high throughput computational processor. A high throughput processor is a lot more complicated than a linear algebra done that you instantiate from a synopsys tool stores. It's not quite that easy. The computation throughput keeping everything moving through your chip with supreme levels of energy efficiency, with all of the software that is -- that’s needed to keep the data flowing with all of the optimizations and you do with each and every one of the frameworks. The amount of complexity there is just really enormous. The networks are changing all the time, it started out with just basically CNNs and then all kinds of versions of CNNs, now it started out with RNNs and simple RNNs and now there is kinds of LSTMs and gated RNNs and all kinds of interesting networks they're growing. It’s started out with just eight layers and now its 152 layers, going to a 1,000 layers. It started with mostly recognition and now it’s moving to synthesis with GANs. And there's, so many versions of GANs. And so, all of these different types of networks are really, really hard to nail down and we're still at the beginning of AI. So, the ability for our GPUs to be programmable to all of these different architectures and networks, it's just an enormous advantage. You don't ever have to guess whether NVIDIA GPUs. It could be used for one particular network and other. And so you can buy our GPUs at well and know that every single GPU that you buy gives an opportunity to reduce the number of servers and you data center by 22 nodes, by 10 nodes, 22 CPUs. And so the more GPU you buy, the more money you save. So, I think that capability is really quite unique and like I just give one example from last year or from previous year, we introduced a 16-bit mixed precision, we introduced 8-bit imager, we introduced -- the year before this last year. This last year, we introduced Tensor core which increased by another factor of nearly 10. Meanwhile our GPUs get more complex, imager efficiency gets better and better every single year and the software origin gets more amazing. And so, it’s a much harder problem than just a multiply accumulator. Artificial intelligence is the single most complex mono software that world is ever known that’s the reason why it’s taken so long to get here, and these high performance supercomputers is an essential ingredient, an essential instrument in advancing AI. And so, I don’t think it’s nearly as simple as liner algebra. But you might have all the money in the world, I would invest it in the team that we have.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, so one way to think about the Tensor demand as we typically have somewhere between six to eight weeks for inventory in the channel, and I think you would ascertain that globally right now the channels relatively lean. We're working really hard to get GPU down to the marketplace for the gamers and we’re doing everything to advise retailers and system builders to serve the gamers. And so, we’re doing everything we can, but I think the most important thing is we just got to catching for supply.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, it just depends on mix. I think for autonomous vehicle that still have drivers passenger cars, branded cars, ASP anywhere from $500 to $1,000 makes sense. For robot taxies where they are driverless, they are not autonomous vehicles they are actually drivers less vehicles, the ASP will be several $1,000. And in terms of timing, I think that you’re going to see a larger and larger deployment starting this year, and I'm going through next year for sure especially with robust taxies. And then with autonomous vehicles, cars that have autonomous driving capability, automotive driving capability start late 2019, you could see a lot more in 2020 and just almost every creating car by 2022 will have autonomous automatic driving capabilities.
Jen-Hsun Huang: First of all just the comment about inference, the way that it works as you take the output of these frameworks and the output of these frameworks is a really complex large computational graph. And when you think about these neural networks and they have millions of parameters, millions of parameters, millions of anything is very complex. And these parameters are ways in activation layers and activation functions and they are millions of them. And it's million of them composes consist of this computational graph. And this computational graph has all kind of interesting and complicated layers. And so you take this computation graphic that comes out of each one of these frameworks and they all are different, they're in different formats, they're in different styles, they're different architectures and they are all different. And you take these computational graphs and you have to find a way to compile it, to optimize this graph, to rationalize all of the things that you could combine and fold, reduce the amount of conflict across all of the recourses that are in your GPU or your processor. And these conflicts could be on to memory and register follows, data paths and it could be the fabric, it could be the framework of interface, it could be the amount of memory. But you got this computers are really complicated across all these different processors, and the interconnect between GPU, the network connects multiple notes, and so you kind figure out what all these different complex are, resources are and compile and optimize to take advantage of to keep it moving all the time. And so, TensorRT is basically a very sophisticated optimizing graph compilation, graph complier. And it targets each one of our processors, the way it targets Xavier is different than way it targets Volta and the way it targets our inference, the way it targets for low energy for different precisions. Now, all of that targeting is a little bit is different. And so first of all TensorRT, the software of inference that's really where the magic is. Then, the second thing that we do, we optimize our GPUs for extremely high throughput and to support different precisions because some networks afford to have 8 bit imager or even less, some really can barely get by with 16 bit floating point and some you really would like to keep it at 32 bit floating point. So, that you don't have to expect and guess about any precisions that you lost along the way. And so, we created an architecture that consists of this optimizing graph, computational graph complier to processors that are very high throughout that makes precision. Okay. So that’s kind of the background. We start -- we've been sampling our Tesla P4, which is our data center inference processor. And we’re seeing just really existing response. And this quarter, we started shipping, we’re looking outwards. My sense is that the inference market is probably about as large in the data centers as training, and the wonderful thing is everything that you train our processor will inference wonderfully in our processors as well. And the data centers are really awakening to the observation that the more GPUs they buy for uploading inference and training, the more money they save. And the amount of money they save is not 20% or 50%, its factors of 10%. The money savings for all these data centers that are becoming increasingly capital constrained is really quite dramatic. And then the other inference opportunity for us is autonomous machines, which is self-driving cars. TensorRT also targets Xavier, TensorRT targets our Pegasus, a robot taxi computer and they all have to inference incredibly efficiently, so that we can sustain real-time, keeping energy level low and keep the cost low, keep the cost low for core companies. Okay. So I think inference is a very important work for us. It is very complicated work and we’re making great progress.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we don't -- we haven’t announced 2018 for April or July. And so the best way to think about that is, Pascal is the best gaming platform on the planet. It is the most future feature rich software. The most energy efficient and from $99 to $1,000 you can buy the world’s best GPU, the most advanced GPUs and you buy Pascal you know you got the best. Seasonality is a good question and increasingly because gaming is a global market and because people play games every day. It’s just part of their life. There is no -- I don’t think there is much seasonality in the TV or books or music, people just whenever new titles comes out that’s when the new season starts. And so in China, there is iCafes and there is Singles' Day November 11, there is Back to School in the United States, there is Christmas, there is Chinese New Year. Boy, that there are so many seasons that is kind of hard to imagine what exactly seasonality is anymore. So hopefully overtime, it becomes most of a matter. But most appointing is that, we expect Pascal to continue to be world’s best gaming platform for foreseeable future.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Thanks a lot, Harlan. The video Tensor RT is really the only optimizing inference compiler in the world today and it targets all our platforms. And we do inference in the data center that I mentioned earlier. In the embedded world, the first embedded platform we’re targeting is self-driving cars. In order to drive the cars, you are basically inference or try to predict your perceive what's around you all the time and that’s a very complicated inference matter. It could be extremely easy like taking the car in front of you and applying the breaks or could be critically hard which is trying to figure out whether you should stop in intersection or not. If you look at most intersections, you can't just look at the lights to determine and where do you stop there were few lines. And so using scene understanding than using deep learning, we have the ability to recognize where to stop and where not to stop. And then for Jetson, we have a platform called Metropolis and Metropolis is used for a very large scale smart cities where cameras are deployed all over to keep city safe. We’ve been very successful in smart cities just about every major smart city provider and what's called intelligent video analysis company whether almost all over the world as using NVIDIA’s video platform to do inference at the Edge, AI at the edge. And then we’ve announced recently success with FANUC, the largest manufacturing robotics company in the world, Komatsu, one of the largest constructions equipments company in the world to apply AI at the Edge for autonomous machines. Drones, we’ve several industrial drones that are inspecting pipelines and expecting power lines, flying over large spans of farms to figure out where to spay insecticides more accurately. There is all kinds of applications. So, you're absolutely right that inference at the Edge or AI at the edge is a very large market opportunity for us and that’s exactly why TensorRT was created.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We don’t set prices at the end of the market, and the best way for us to solve this problem is, work and supply. The demand is great and it's very likely the demand will remain great as we look through this quarter. And so, we just have to keep working on increasingly supply. We have our suppliers are world best and a largest semiconductor manufacturers in the world and they’re responding incorrectly and I'm really grateful for everything they are doing, we dot got a catch up to that demand, which is such really great.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We’re just constraints. Obviously, we're ten times larges of a GPU supplier than the competition and so we have a lot more suppliers supporting us and a lot more distributors taking approach to market and lot more partners distributing our products all over the world. And so, I don’t know how to explain this right from demand is just really great. And so we just got to keep our nose to it and catch up the demand. With respect to Quadro, Quadro is a work station processor. The entire software stack is designed for all of the applications that the work station industry uses. And it’s the quality of the rendering is of course world-class because NVIDIA, but the entire software stack has been designed so that mission critical applications or long-life industrial applications and companies that are enormous and gigantic manufacturing and industrial companies in the world could rely on an entire platform, which consist of processors and systems and software and middleware and all the integrations into all of the CAD tools in the world. To know that that the supplier is going to be here and can be trusted for the entire life of the use of that product which could be several years, but the data that is generated from it, has to be accountable for a couple of decades. You need to be able to pull up an entire design of a plane or train or a car, a couple decades after it was sent to production to make sure that is still on complaint, and if there is question about it that it could be pulled up. NVIDIA's entire platform was designed to be professional class, professional grade low-lived. Now, the thing that's really exciting about some artificial intelligence is, we now can use AI to improve images. For example, you could fix a photograph using AI. You could fill in on damaged parts of a photograph or parts of the image that hasn't been rendered yet. You want to use AI to fill in the dots, predict the future, rendering results, which we announced and which we demonstrated at GTC recently. You can use that to generate designs. You sketch up a few strokes of what you want to car to look like, and based on the inventory, safety, physics, you could -- it has learned how to fill in the rest of it. Okay. Design the rest of chasse on your behalf. It’s called generative design. We’re going to see generative design in product design and building design and just like everything. The last, if you will, 90% of the work is after the initial installation network, the conceptual design has done. That part of it could be highly automated through AI. And so, Quadro can be used as a platform that designs as well as generatively designs. And then lastly a lot of people are using our workstations to also train their neural networks for the generative designs. And so you could train and develop your own networks and then apply it in the applications. Okay. So, AI, think of AI really as, in the final analysis, the future way of developing software is a brand new capability where computers can write its own software and the software that's written is so complex and so capable that no humans could write it ourselves. And so, you can teach, you can use data to teach a software to figure out how to write the software by itself. And then when you're done developing the software, you can use it to do all kinds of stuff, including design products. And so for work stations that’s how it’s used.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. Thanks a lot, Craig. In the last several years, several dynamics happened at the same time. And all of that were the favorable contributions to today. First of all, gaming became global market and China became one of the largest gaming markets in the world. The second, because the market became so big, developers could invest extraordinary amounts into the production value of the videogame. They could invest a few hundred million dollars and though they are going to get return on. Back when the videogame industry was quite small or PC game was small, it was too risky for developer to invest that much. And so now, an investor a developer could invest hundreds of millions of dollars and create something that is just completely for the realistic and emerged that just beautiful. And so when the production value goes up, the GPU technology that’s needed to run it well goes up, it’s very different than music, it’s very different than watching movies, everything in videogames is emphasized in real time. And so when the production value goes up, the ASP with a technology has to go up. And then lastly, the size of the market and people wonder how big the videogame market is going to be and I am always believe that videogame market is going to be literally everyone. In 10 years time, 15 years time, there can be another billion people on earth and those people are going to be gamers, we see more and more gamers. And not to mention that almost every single sport could be the virtual reality sport. So videogame is every sport so this sport can be any sport and every sport and every type of sport. And so I think when you consider this and put that in your mind I think the opportunity for videogames is going to be quite large and that’s essentially what we’re seeing.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, thanks a lot Will. I wish I have more precision for you, but here some of the dynamics that I believe in. I believe that autonomous capability, autonomous driving is the single greatest dynamic next to EVs in the automotive industry. And transportation is a $10 trillion industry between cars and shuttles and buses, delivery vehicles. I mean it just an extraordinary market and everything that’s kind of move in the future will be autonomous that’s for sure, and it will be autonomous fully or it will be autonomous partly. The size of this marketplace is quite large. In the near term, our path to that future which I believe starts in 2019 and 2020, but starts very strongly in 2022. I believe the path to that in our case has several elements. The first element is that in work for all these companies, whether they are Tier 1s or start up or OEMs or taxi companies or ride hailing companies or tractor companies or shuttle companies or piece of delivery on the shuttles. In order to deliver -- in order to create there autonomous driving capability, the first thing I have to do is train in your network. And we created a platform we called the NVIDIA GTX that allows everybody to train a neural networks as quickly as possible. So that first, it’s the development of the AI requires GPU, and we benefit first from that. And the second is, which will start this year and next year is development platforms for the cars themselves, for the vehicles themselves. And finally, Xavier here, we have a first kind of Xavier, the most complex SoC that the world ever made. And we’re super excited about the state of Xavier and we're going to be sampling in Q1. And so now, we will be able to help everybody create development systems and will be 1000s and 10,000s of quite expensive development systems based on Xavier and based on that Pegasus that world is going to need. And so that’s the second element, the third element in the near-term will be development agreements, each one of these projects are engineering intensive. And there is a development agreement that goes along way with it. And so these three elements, these three components are in the near-term, and then hopefully starting from 2019 going forward and very strongly going from 2022 and beyond at the actual car revenues and economics will show up. I appreciate the question and I think this is our last question. Well, we have a record quarter ramping up with record year. We've strong momentum and our gaming, AI, data center and self-driving car businesses. It's great to see adoption of the NVIDIA's GPU computing platform increasing in so many industries. We accomplished a great deal this last year and we have big plans for this coming year. Next month, the brightest minds and AI and scientific world will come together at our GPU technology conference at San Jose. GTC has grown tenfold in the last five years. This year we expect more than 8,000 attendees. GTC has a place to be if you're an AI researchers or doing any field of science where computing is your essential instrument, there will be over 500 powers of talks of recent breakthroughs and discoveries by leaders in the field just Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft and many others. Developers from industries ranging from healthcare to transportation to manufacturing entertainment will come together and share state-of-the-art and AI. This is going to be a big GTC. I hope to see all of you there.
