Jensen Huang: Yes, thanks for the question. We are seeing accelerated -- as we've already reported that we have record revenues in both hyperscale cloud and industrial enterprise this last quarter. And we're seeing accelerated growth.  The exploration in hyperscale and cloud comes from the transitioning of the cloud services providers in taking their AI applications, which are now heavily deep learning-driven into production. There were some things that we've spoken about in the past that we'll make Vinny the ideal partner to scale up with.  And there are several elements of our platform. Number one, Ampere GPU, which is now a universal GPU for AI, for training, but incredibly good for [Indiscernible] it’s terrific and its throughput, it's terrific, and it's a fast response client as well.  And therefore, the cost of deployment, the cost of operating the AI applications is the lowest. The second is the introduction of TensorRT, which is our optimizing compiler that makes it possible for us to compile and optimize any AI application to our GPUs.  And whether its computer vision or natural language understanding conversational AI, recommender systems, the type of applications that are deploying AIs is really quite vast.  And then lastly, this software Inference server that we offer is called Triton, which supports every one of our GPUs. It supports CPU s as well as GPUs still. So every internet service provider could operate their entire data center using Triton.  These several things are really accelerating our growth. So the first element is the deployment and transition of deep learning AI applications into large-scale deployment.  In the Enterprise, the application that is driving AI, as you know, every enterprise wants to get a race towards being a tech company and take advantage of connected clouds and connected devices and artificial intelligence to achieve it.  And they have an opportunity to deploy AI services out of the edge. And in order to do so, there are several things that have to happen. First, we have to create a computing platform that allows them to do training in the IT environment that they understand, which is virtualized, which is largely managed by VMware.  And our collaboration with VMware, creating a new type of system that could be integrated into Enterprise has been quite a significant effort, and it's in volume production today.  The second is a server that allows the enterprise customers to deploy their AI models out to the Edge. And the AI engine, the software suite that we've been developing over the last 10 years, now has been integrated into this environment and allows the enterprises to basically run AI out of the vast.  There are three elements of our stuff of product there. For instance, NVIDIA AI Enterprise. And that basically puts all of the state-of-the-art AI solvers and engines and libraries that we've industrialized and perfected over the years, have made available to Enterprise license.  The second is an operating system platform called Base Command that allows for distributed Gala software development for training and developing models, and then the third is Fleet Command, which is an operating system software product that lets you operate and deploy and manage the AI models out to the Edge.  These three software products, in combination with the server called NVIDIA Certified, taken out through our network of partners is our strategy to accelerate the adoption of AI by the Enterprise customers. So we're really enthusiastic about entering into the software business model.  This is an opportunity that could represent, of course, tens of millions of servers, we could link all of them with the GPU accelerated, and we believe that Enterprises will be deploying and taking advantage of AI to revolutionize the industry. And using a credit traditional enterprise software licensing business model. This could represent billions of dollars of profit inputs.
Jensen Huang: Yes, thanks for your questions. As you know RTX is a fundamental recap of computer graphics. This is a technology called ray tracing that has been the holy grail of computer graphics for quite a long time for 35 years, and our NVIDIA research for 10 years, we finally made it possible to do real-time ray tracing with RTX.  RTX's demand is quite incredible, and as you know, we have a large [Indiscernible] that uses an architecture called GTX based on programmable shelters that we invented some 20 years ago. And now, we've reset the entire installed base, and Ampere is off to just the incredible starting the best-selling GPU architecture in the history of our Company.  And yet, we've only upgraded some 20% -- less than 20% of our total installed base. There's another 80% of the world's PC gaming market that we have yet to upgrade to RTX. Meanwhile, the number of PC gamers in the world grew substantially. Steam grew 20% this last year. And so I think the -- we're right at the beginning of our RTX transition.  Meanwhile, computer graphics has expanded into so many different new markets. RTX, we've always believed would re-invent the way that people did design. And we're seeing that happening right now as we speak as Workstations is growing faster than ever and has achieved record revenues.  And at the same time, because of all of our work with cloud gaming, we now see public clouds putting in cloud graphics, whether its workstations or PC s or private gaming consoles up in the Cloud. So we're seeing strong demand in PCs, in laptops, in workstations, in mobile workstations, in the cloud. And so RTX is really doing great.  Our challenge there is that demand is so much greater than supply. And again, as Colette said, [Indiscernible].
Jensen Huang: Okay. We're supply constraint in graphics and we're supplying constraining graphics while we're delivering record revenues in graphics. Cloud gaming is growing, cloud graphics is growing. RTX made it possible for us to address the design in the creative workstations. Historically the rendering of ray tracing and photorealistic images have largely been done on CPUs.  And for the very first time, and you could actually accelerate it with NVIDIA GPUs and with RTX GPUs. And so the workstation market is really doing great. The backdrop of that of course is that people are building offices in their homes.  And for many of the designers and creators of our worlds and 20 million of them, they have to create -- they have to build a workstation or an office at home as well as build one at work [Indiscernible] And meanwhile, of course, RTX has reached that -- all of our consumer graphics with the 200 million installed base of PC gamers, and it's time to upgrade.  And so there's a whole bunch of reasons when choosing referenced revenues while we're on supply constraints. We have enough supply to meet our second-half Company growth plans. And next year, we expect to be able to achieve our Company's growth plans for next year.  Meanwhile, we're having and are securing pretty significant long-term supply commitments as we expand into all these different marketing initiatives that we've set ourselves up for. And so I would expect that we will see a supply-constrained environment for the vast majority of next year is my guess at the moment.  But a lot of that has to do with the fact that our demand is just too great. RTX is really a once-in-a-generation reset of the computer -- modern computer graphics. Nothing like this has happened [Indiscernible] computer graphics. And so the invention is really [Indiscernible] and you could see its impact.
Jensen Huang: Yeah, I really appreciate that question. Now, the heaviest solid growth quarter, and the Mellanox networking business have really grown incredibly. There are three dynamics happening all at the same time. The first is the transition that you're talking about. You know that the world's data center [Indiscernible] centers are users for computing costs just aggregated, which basically means with a single application is running on multiple servers at the same time.  This is what makes it possible for them to scale up. The more users for an AI application or service, you just have to add more servers. And so the ease of scale-out that this aggregated computing provides also puts enormous pressure on the networking.  And that Mellanox has the world's lowest latency and the highest bandwidth and performance networking on the planet. And so the ability to scale out and the ability to provide this aggregate in applications are really much, much better with Mellanox networking. So that's number one.  Number two, almost every Company in the world has to be a high-performance computing Company now. You see that the cloud service providers, one after another, are building effective supercomputers. Historically was [Indiscernible] and supercomputing firms, the cloud-service providers have to build supercomputers themselves.  And the reason for that is because artificial intelligence entombs gigantic models. The rate of growth of network sizes AI models buys this is doubled every two months. It's doubling not every year or 2 years, it's doubling every 2 months. And so you can imagine the size when I'm talking about trending AI models that are 100 trillion parameters large.  The human brain has a 150 plus trillion synopsis, and so for nuance. And so that gives you a sense of the scale of AI models that people are developing. And so you're going to see supercomputers that are built out of Mellanox, InfiniBand, and their high-speed networking, along with NVIDIA GPU computing in more and more cloud service providers.  You're also seeing it in enterprises or used in the discovery of [Indiscernible] there is our digital mileage and revolution going on as a computation statement. The large-scale computing that we're able to do now and AI, better understand biology and better understand chemistry, and bringing both of those skills into the field of Information Sciences. And so you're seeing large supercomputers growth in enterprises around the world as well.  And so the second dynamic has to do with our incredibly great networking InfiniBand networking, which was the de facto standard in high-performance computing. And the third dynamic is the Data Center’s storing software. In order to orchestrate and run a data center, with just a few people essentially running their entire data center, hundreds of thousands of servers it is just one computer in front of you.  That entire data center is software-defined. And the amount of software that goes into that software-defined data center running on today's GPUs is the networking stack, the storage stack, and now, because of zero trusts, the security stack. All of that is putting enormous pressure on the available computing capacity for applications, which is ultimately what data centers are designed to do.  And so for the software-defined data center needs to have a place to take infrastructure software and accelerate it, to offload it, to accelerate it. And very important to isolate it from the application plan, so that intruders can't jump into the operating system with your all -- of your data center, establish of your data center.  And so the answer to that is detailed, the ability to offload, accelerate, and isolate this -- the data center software infrastructure, and to fully up to all the -- your CPUs through to run what they're supposed to run, which is the application. Now, just about every data center in the world is moving towards a zero-trust model and Bluefield is just incredibly well-positioned.  For these three dynamics, this aggregated computing, which needs really strong and fast networking, every Company needing high-performance computing, and then lastly, software decline in data centers going zero trusts.  And so these are really important dynamics and I appreciate the opportunity to tell you all that. And you can just tell how super excited I'm about the prospects in the networking business and in the importance that they have in building modern data centers.
Jensen Huang: -- With details, that'll be great. I think at the highest level -- I really appreciate the question. At the highest level, the important thing to realize is that artificial intelligence, is the single greatest technology force that the computer industry has ever seen and potentially the world's ever seen.  The automation opportunities -- automation opportunity, which drives productivity, which translates directly the cost savings to companies, is enormous. And it opens up opportunities for technology and computing Companies like it's never happened before. And let me just give you some examples.  The fact that we could apply so much technology to warehouse logistics, retail automation, customer call center automation, is really quite unprecedented. The fact that we could automate truck driving and [Indiscernible] delivery, providing an automated chauffeur. Those kinds of services and benefits and products are never imaginable before.  And so the size of the IT industry if you will, the industry that computer companies like ourselves are part of, has expanded from them before. And so -- the thing that we want to do is to invest as smartly, but as quickly as we can to go after the large business opportunities, where we can make a real impact.  And while doing so, to do so in a way that is architecturally sensible. One of the things that is really an advantage of our Company is the nature of the way that we build products, the nature of the way that we build software, our discipline around the architecture, which allows us to be so efficient while addressing climate science, on the one hand, digital biology on the other, artificial intelligence and robotics and self-driving cars.  And of course, we always talked about computer graphics and video. Using one architecture and having the ability to -- and having the discipline now for almost 30 years has given us incredible operating leverage. That's where the vast majority of our operating leverage comes from, which is architectural.  The technologies are architectural, our products are architectural in that way, and the Company is even built architecturally in that way. And so hopefully, as we go after these large, large market opportunities that AI has provided us, and we do so in a smart and disciplined way, with great leverage through our architecture, we can continue to drive really great operating leverage for the Company and for our shareholders.
Jensen Huang: There's the question about the strategy of how we're scaling GeForce supply to games. We moved incredibly fast this time with CMPs, and with our LHR settings for GeForce. And our entire strategy is about steering GeForce supply to the industry.  And we have every reason to believe that because of the drive-in gaming, which is really a measure of gamers, the rate of growth of theme adoption of our GPUs, there's some evidence that that was successful. But there are somewhat reasons why it's just different this time.  The first reason, of course, is that the LHR, which is new, and the speed at which we responded with CMPs, steered GeForce to fight the damage. The second is where at the very beginning of the Ampere and RTX graphics.  As I mentioned earlier, RTX was a complete re-invention of computer graphics. Every evidence is that gamers are incredible -- and game developers are incredibly excited about ray tracing, this form of computer renderings. Graphics rendering is just dramatically more beautiful. And we're at the beginning of that cycle, and only 20% has been upgraded so far.  We have 80% to go in a market that is already quite large and an installed base that's quite low but also growing. Last year, the gamers grew 20% and just [Indiscernible]. The third reserves that our demand is strong and our channel weak, and you can see what we're doing with the shortage of supply as quickly as we're shipping it. It's virtually all of the worlds.  And then lastly, and we just have more growth drivers today because of RTX whenever. We have the biggest wave of NVIDIA laptops, just the laptops are our fastest-growing segment of computing and we have the largest wave of laptops coming.  The demand for RTX and Workstation, whereas previously the Workstation market was a slow-growing market is now a fast-growing market and its achieved record. And after more than a decade of working on cloud graphics, our cloud graphics is in great demand. And so all of these segments are seeing high demand while we continue to supply them [Indiscernible] so I think the situations are very different and RTX is making a huge difference.
Jensen Huang: There is a fundamental difference in the Hyperscale use of HPC or AI versus the industrial use of HPC Internet. In the world of hyperscalers and Internet service providers, they're making recommendations on movies, and songs, and articles, and search results, and so on, so forth.  And the improvement that I can see that deep learning and artificial intelligence large recommender systems that can provide is really working for them. In the world of industry, the reason why artificial intelligence is transformative. Recognizing that most of the things that I just mentioned earlier, it's not moving on dynamics in the world's largest industries, whether it helps healthcare or in logistics or transportation or retail.  The vast majority of the reasons why, and some of the physical sciences industries, whether it's energy or transportation, and also for healthcare. The simulation of physics, the simulation of the world, was not achievable using traditional first principle simulation approaches. But artificial intelligence or data-driven approaches have completely shaken that up and put it on its head.  Some examples, whether it's fusing artificial intelligence so then you could feed up the simulation or the prediction of the approaching structure or the 3D structure approaching, which was recently achieved by a couple of very important networks, it's ground-breaking.  And by understanding the approaching structure, 3D structure, we understand -- that we can better understand its function and how it would adapt to other approach and other [Indiscernible] And it's a fundamental step of the process in drug discovery and that has just taken a giant leap forward. In the areas of chronic science, it is now possible to consider using data-driven approaches to create models that overcome this -- not overcome but accelerate and make it possible for us to simulate much larger simulations of Multi-Physics Geometry aware simulations, which is basically climate science.  These are really important fields of work that wouldn't have been possible for another decade at least. And just as we've made possible, using artificial intelligence, the realization of real-time ray tracing in every field of science, whether its climate simulation, energy discovery, drug discovery.  We're starting to see that the industry recognizing that the fusion of the first principle simulation and data-driven artificial intelligence approaches, it's going to get a giant leap up. And that is a second dynamic.  The other dynamic for the industry is for the very first time they can deploy AI model out to the edge to do a better job with agriculture, to do a better job with asset protection and warehouses, to do a better job with automating retail, AI is going to make it possible for all of these types of automation to finally be realized.  And so the dynamics are all very different. That last one has to do with Edge AI, which was just made possible by putting AI right at the point of data and right at the point of action because you need to be low cost, you need to be high performance, and instantly responsive, and you can't afford to stream all of the data to the cloud all the time. And so each one of them has a partially different understanding.
Jensen Huang: I really appreciate the question. And it's one of the most important things we're doing. The Omniverse, first of all, just what is it? Is a stimulator. It's a simulator that's physically accurate and physically based. And it was made possible because of two fundamental technologies we invented. One of them is, of course, RTX, the ability to physically stimulate light behaviour in the world, which is very fixing.  The second is the ability to compute or simulate the physics of -- simulate the artificial intelligence behaviour of agents and objects inside a world. So we have the ability now to simulate physics in a realistic way and to create a new architecture that allows us to do it in the cloud, distribute it a computed way, and to be able to scale it out to a very large [Indiscernible] So the question is what would you do with such a thing.  The simulator, there is a simulation of virtual worlds with portals -- we call them connectors -- portals based on an industry-standard, open standard that was pioneered by Pixar, and as we mentioned earlier, that we're partnering with Pixar and Apple to make it even more broadly adopted. It's called USD, Universal Scene Description. They're basically portals or wormholes into virtual worlds.  And this virtual world will simulate -- to be simulating -- it could be a concert for consumers, it could be a theme park for consumers. In the world of industries, you could use it for simulating robots so that robots could learn how to be robots inside these virtual worlds before they're downloaded from the simulator to the real world. You could use it to simulate factories, which is one of the early works that we've done with BMW.  We've got a shared GTC Factory of the Future that is designed completely in Omniverse, robots trading Omniverse with goods and materials that are its original CAD data put into the battery. The logistics plan, like an ERP system, except this an ERP system of physical grids and physical simulation simulated through this Omniverse world, and you could plan the entire factory in Omniverse.  This entire factory now becomes what is called the digital twin. In fact, it could be a factor, it could be a stadium, it could be an airport, it could be an entire city, it could even include the cars. The digital twin would allow us to simulate new algorithms, new AIs, new and optimization algorithms before we deploy them into the physical world.  And so what is Omniverse? Well, Omniverse is going to be an overlay, if you will, of virtual worlds, that increasingly people call the Metaverse. And we've now heard several companies talk about the Metaverse. They all come from different perspectives. Some of them from social perspectives, some are here from a gaming perspective, some of them, in our case, from an industrial and design and engineering perspective.  But the Omniverse is essentially an overlay of the Internet -- an overlay of the physical world and it's going to fuse all these different worlds together long-term. And you'll be able to -- you mentioned VR, and now you'll be able to go into the Omniverse worlds using virtual reality. And so you wormhole into the virtual worlds using VR.  You could have an AI or an object portal into our world using augmented reality so you could have a beautiful piece of art that you've somehow purchased and belongs to you because of [Indiscernible] and it's only enjoyed in the virtual world and you can overlay it into your physical world using AI.  I'm fairly sure at this point that Omniverse or the Metaverse is going to be a new economy that is larger than our current economy. And we'll enjoy a lot of our time in the future in Omniverse and the Metaverse, and we'll do a lot of our work there, and we'll have a lot of robots. They're doing a lot of the work on our behalf.  We've got the [Indiscernible] they show the results. Omniverse to us is an extension of our AI strategy, is an extension of our high-performance computing strategy, and it makes it possible for companies and industries to be able to create digital tools that simulate their physical version before they deploy it or while they are operating.
Jensen Huang: Thank you. We had an excellent quarter fueled by surging demand for NVIDIA computing. Our pioneering work in accelerated computing continues to vent graphics, scientific computing with AI. Enabled by NVIDIA accelerated computing, developers are creating the most impactful technologies of our time.  From natural language understanding, invest in many systems, to autonomous vehicles, and in the logistics centers, to digital biology and climate science research, the Metaverse world that obeys the laws of physics.  This quarter we announced NVIDIA Base Command and Fleet Command to develop deploy, scale, and orchestrate the AI workflow that runs on the NVIDIA AI Enterprise software suite. With our new Enterprise Software, a wide range of NVIDIA-powered systems, and a global network of system and integration partners, we can accelerate the world's largest industry as they raise the benefits from the transformative power of AI.  We are thrilled to have launched NVIDIA Omniverse, a simulation platform nearly five years in the making that runs physically realistic virtual worlds and connects to other digital platforms. We imagine engineers, designers, and even autonomous machines connecting to Omniverse to create digital twin simulated worlds that help train robots, operating autonomous factories, simulate fleets and autonomous vehicles, and even predict the human impact on Earth's climate.  The future will have artificial intelligence augmenting our own and the Metaverse augmenting our physical world. It will be populated by real and AI visitors, and open new opportunities for artists, designers, scientists, and even businesses, a whole new digital economy [Indiscernible] Omniverse is a platform for building the Metaverse vision.  We're doing some of our best work and most impactful work in our history. I want to thank all of NVIDIA's employees for the remaining work and the exciting future we're inventing together. Thank you. See you next time.
Colette Kress: Yeah. Let me start and I'll let Jensen add a bit, Stacy, to your question. I guess we're providing the guidance for Q3 of 6.8 billion in revenue. Now excluding CMP, we expect our revenue to grow over 500 million sequentially. A lion's share of that sequential revenue increase will be coming from Data Center.  We do expect gaming to be up slightly on a sequential basis but remember we are still supply constrained. Automotive and ProBiz are also expected to be up slightly quarter-over-quarter. And from the CMP perspective, we'll probably just have minimal amounts in Q3.  So our Q3 results don't have seasonality with them for gaming and are really about the supply that we believe we can have for Q3. I'll see if Jensen wants to add any more colours.
Colette Kress: I'll start here. Thanks for the question on our overall mix as we go forward. First, our supply constraint in our gaming business is largely attributed to our desktop and notebook. That can mean a lot of different things from our components that are necessary to build so many of our products.  But our mix is really important. Our mix as we are also seeing many of our gamers very interested in our higher-end, higher performance products. We will continue to see that as a driver about overall lifts both our revenue and can lift our overall gross margins.  So there are quite a few different pieces into our supply that we have to think about, but we are going to try and make the best solutions for our gamers at this time.
Colette Kress: Let me start there and answer a couple of the questions about our strategy that we've put in place in this last couple of quarters. As you recall, what we put in place was the low hash rate cards, as well as putting industry [Indiscernible] cards.  The low hash rate cards were to provide for more supply for our GeForce gamers that are out there. We articulated one of the metrics that we were looking at is what percentage of those cards in Ampere, we were able to sell with low-rate hash cards. Almost all of our cards in Ampere are low hash rates, but also we're selling other types of cards as well.  But at this time, as we move forward, we're much higher than 80%, but just at the end of this last quarter, we were approximately at 80. So yes, that is moving up, so the strategy is in place and we'll continue as we move into Q3. I'll move it to Jensen here to see if he can discuss it further.
Colette Kress: Yes. Let me start to outlook the question and I'll let Jensen [Indiscernible]. So far with our Data Center business, with our Q2 results, our vertical industry is still quite a strong percentage. Essentially, 50% of our data center business is going to our vertical industries.  Our Hyperscale s makes up the other portion of that, slightly below the 50%. And then we also have our supercomputing business with a very small percentage of it doing quite, quite well.  As we move into Q3, as we've discussed, we will see an acceleration of both our vertical industries and our Hyperscales as we move into Q3. With that backdrop, we'll see if Jensen has additional commentary.
