Jen-Hsun Huang: Thanks Rob. Hello everyone. I’m very pleased to introduce Colette Kress who took over the role of the Video CFO in September Colette has nearly 25 years of finance experience at major technology companies. She previously served for three years as Senior Vice President and CFO at Cisco’s Business Technology and Operations Finance Organization where she was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting, and business development for all business segments, engineering and operations. Prior to that Colette spent 13 years at Microsoft including four years as CFO of the Server and Tools division and held senior roles in Corporate Planning and Finance. She had also earlier served at Texas Instruments in a variety of finance positions. She is already making a big impact and we are thrilled to have her at NVIDIA. I want to take this opportunity to thank Karen Burns for her tremendous contributions to NVIDIA while acting as our Interim CFO during our search. During her tenure as Interim CFO, NVIDIA’s financial performance grew and prospered highlighted by consistent gross margin growth and the initiation of our capital return programs to shareholders. With a solid foundation provided by Karen and her team, we had the ability to search for the right candidate for this critical position. Karen will continue in her role as Vice President of Finance reporting to Colette. With that, let me turn the call over to NVIDIA’s new Chief Financial Officer, Colette Kress. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well you know that technology licensing is an important part of our company’s strategy. We licensed our technology to Sony for the PlayStation. We licensed our technology to Intel for their integrated graphics products. In the time that we have done these agreements we have increased our activities around technology licensing. In July as you probably remembered we announced that we would license our GPU core which is at the heart of the Project Logan which is a next generation tablet processor and there is a market that sure is based on the world’s best GPU called Kepler. Our intentions are to continue to invest in technology licensing and make this an important part of our business going forward. So whether it's Intel or others this is an opportunity that’s very important to us. As one of the most important innovators around the GPU and as you know that GPU is more important than ever. The GPU, when we started the industry was available only on PCs and workstations and now it’s available on mobile devices and tablets and cars and cloud and servers. And so this is an area that we are going to continue to invest in and this is an area that we are going to trying to modify in a lot of different ways, because business models change and business models are different in all these different segments. Sometimes, it makes sense for us to sell chips, sometimes it makes sense for us to offer systems and sometimes it makes sense for us to license cores in our technology. And so I think the way you should think about our technology licensing is that Intel is one of the opportunities for us, but this is a much larger opportunity for us than never before. And this is an area that we have a lot of activity area. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I would say that is totaling about 25% of Tegra and accelerating, but the way to think about automotive is the automotive, the modern car is a connected car and so digital computing matters more than ever. And instead of using traditional mechanical instrumentation, our digital clusters provide them the opportunity to modernize the driving experience. The GPU because of the GPGPU, the programmable GPU inside our processors make possible all kinds of new driver assistance capability, because of computer vision, because of driver assistance, artificial intelligence, type of capabilities, but we make cars safer and we make cars fun to drive. And so from digital clusters to infotainment systems to in the future driver assistance, the car is going to be an opportunity for more than just one GPU. And as we see the success of the Tesla electric car, I think you are going to see more and more car companies follow soon and be much more aggressive in adding mobile computing into the car. This is an area that we have invested quite a lot of effort over the years and our expectation is to see continued success here. The design wins…. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Thanks Hans. I appreciate that. Let’s see we have said earlier previously that Tegra 4i projects are in development and that we expect unlikely to be announced in Q1 and ship no later than Q2. I appreciate you asking and we didn’t announce it, but Tegra 4i has now been certified through AT&T. And we are really excited about that. And so we are going to continue to wait to announce the prices, but has some certain type of voice and data. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, the benefit of software-defined radios is to be able to reuse that processor or maybe different protocols. And if the processor is designed with enough headroom, we will be able to support higher bid leads in an ever changing landscape of protocols. And so if you look at our progress, our progress with respect to getting Tegra 4i certified and the i500 has also by the way been certified for voice and data. Our speed of getting, our share of modem certified certainly is an indication of the flexibility of the SDR. Now one of the historical challenges of SDR is thought to be power consumption but those are not fundamental problems, they are architectural technology challenges and with the right technology and architecture and a lot of great care we have been able to make Tegra 4i and the i500 modems fit within very aggressive and competitive power envelopes and so we’re in pretty great shape there and I’m looking forward to launching cautiously [ph]. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Let’s see the Quadro growth drivers are fundamentally related to the fact that more and more companies are using digital design approaches for every aspect of their product design. You know there is so many companies who still use mechanical prototype, actual prototyping and but today unless you know if you really want to be able to stay with the art, create devices that has exquisite as what we see in the marketplace today or it is that you like to do more 3D virtual prototyping. All that is going to require you to invest in designing in 3D. We’re just seeing great and great adoption of 3D design in all aspects of product design. Now the second growth factor has to do with the fact that we’re able to now because of our rendering techniques able to be we’re able to add value to our larger part of their workflow whereas before we were used for design, we’re now used largely – we are also used largely for style, because our digitalization on rendering is total realistic now. We can capture real materials, some of the results and actually render using computers, the ability to prototype devices that are total realistic. We are also increasingly being used in product lifetime management and so PLM. And that’s just an increase in the number of people inside companies that we need to use 3D access, whether it’s in training or documentation or managing their supply chain, managing their subcontractors, inventory management, parts repairs. So more and more of the entire product lifetime includes 3D, where Quadro could be useful. And then lastly, more and more countries are continuing to adopt manufacturing not just for – not just in the supply chain level, but at the design level. And so Quadro continues to surprise us with the signs of the overall market. And I think when we innovate and we discover that the market is larger than people had ever expected. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I guess I don’t know that I could be particularly precise about it, but the thing that I do know is our market share in Quadro is very high. I really don’t know of any car company or movie studio or digital broadcast station or oil or gas company that doesn’t use Quadro in a large part of their internal workflow. And so I think that the real opportunity for us is of course continue to expand globally and work with OEMs around the world to see their work stations be adopted by the various industries. That’s a deliberate effort on our part and we have OEM partnerships in every geography to extend their reach and their understanding of workstations in the local industries. And as secondarily to continue to create new ways for workstation to be useful, to more people, to more professionals inside a company expanding our reach of good workflow, in those two dimensions we continue to innovate and then we continue to drive hard, I think we are going to – we have every opportunity to outgrow the GDP and so we will see how it turns out but that’s our deliberate strategy anyhow. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, there is three components that were notable this quarter. We made pricing changes that were planned at the end of the quarter, but it affected our pricing for the entire quarter, that’s one which is our GTX… 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I guess it was number one be Tegra. We are expecting to be successful – more successful with Tegra and Tegra’s gross margins are below the corporate average and the success there is good. The success there is good and it’s welcomed and so it will have an impact on our gross margins. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Almost vastly everything else is Android. We have some for WinRT or Surface but our focus is that going forward the vast majority of Windows on ARM will be surface and the vast majority of everything else in Tegra is Android. Now with respect to Android you’re absolutely right, that Android is not just about phones. Android is the most disruptive operating system that we have seen in a few decades, in a couple of decades and this time because of the open source nature of Android it could be adapted to all kinds of devices. You see that all of a sudden not only is Android and smartphones it was in tablets, it's now in all-in-one PCs, I think three all-in-one PCs based on Tegra was announced this last quarter. You’re going to see more of them. It's quite delightful to be able to buy a monitor, bring it home and plug it in and it's already a computer and if you like you could still connect it to HDMI to a PC and use it as PC. You’re going to see Android in all kinds of other computing devices including set top box and others and so Android is probably the most versatile operating system that we have ever known and has the benefit of also being connected to the cloud and so the day that you turn it on it's incredibly useful with all kinds of applications already on it. And so that’s Android. And Chrome we have no exposure to Chrome today, but it's proven to be quite an important operating system. We have known all along that technologically it's incredibly robust, resilient and high quality and now we’re seeing quite strong adoptions all over the world and so this is an area that warrants focus on our part and we will put some energy around it to go see we can make a contribution in this phase as well. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We announced GRID, I mean that is it is probably one of the most successful product launches for enterprise that we have ever had and you could argue that this is really the NVIDIA first’s enterprise product because we’re stationed in this sweet spot of enterprise computing, it's a specialized part of enterprise computing and Tesla is for high performance computing which is not in this sweet spot of enterprise computing, this is the first time that we have been in a sweet spot of enterprise computing and had the benefit of the sales force of every major OEM in the world supporting its launch from Cisco to Dell to HP to IBM, Fujitsu, Hitachi, I don’t know any global enterprise IT company who isn’t supporting grid and taking it to market, the type of applications that – and we have to support the Citrix with VMware, Citrix, we announced in Q2, I think it was and VMware this last quarter. And so we have sales force, we have the largest extended sales force obtaining product that we have ever had. The type of applications that people are using it for are really essentially taking their PC and virtualizing and putting into the datacenter and the power of doing that is now you can access your PC from anywhere on any device. With a Citrix receiver client with a VMware receiver client, you can now have your PC literally anywhere. Now, there are several powerful benefits to that. For the people who are designing and working on large datasets, the benefit is that you move your computer closer to the data. So instead of moving the data to the computer, you are moving the computer to the data. And so for big data problems, large datasets, data or projects where you are collaborating with a whole lot of other people, you now don’t have a whole lot of different copies of the data. You also have the benefit of mobility. People are using more and more mobile devices and people are working from customer sites and working from home or giving demos, the benefit of having mobility is really incredible. So there is a lot of different benefits associated with it. And then now with the cost of storage continuing to reduce and the cost of networking continue to reduce you can now make these virtualized PC environments much more cost effectively. So I think our timing is good. Your question about the options about trial to ramp, these are enterprise trials and my sense is that somewhere six months to nine months is what we are experiencing. And so we will see how it turns out, but the trouble we have going around the world are large important customers who have significant deployment to do as the early response has been really fantastic. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I would look at several things. I think at this time the strategy that I have laid out for you guys is 4 basically shows several things. One, we believe that Tegra 4, we delayed Tegra 4 so that we could pull in our Logan Project and also our motives. I am delighted with that decision. It put a trough in this year. However, we have bounced out [ph] from that. I think that what you will see is several points. One, there will be more devices ramped with Tegra 4. Tegra 4 should continue to contribute to our momentum recovering in Tegra. You should see that Tegra is adopted in more than just phones, that there will be phones and tablets and other devices, automotive and other devices. And then third and you should see our modems come to market with important devices that I think people will love using and then lastly the gap between Tegra 4 and our next generation processor Project Logan should be a lot shorter than one year. And so I think all of that is on track and we will keep an eye on it. But those will be the major differences between Tegra 4, Tegra 4i and Logan versus Tegra 3. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: In the beginning of the year we said that we are targeting 1.6 billion for our total OpEx for the year and based on what Colette just described we’re right on target on 1.6 billion. If you looked at the growth quarter-to-quarter by and large I think we’re and we have said before that when the pickup in investment to support our modem projects and our modem projects has two different pieces, one piece is data modem which I don't think anyone disputes is important in many of our market segments, nor does anybody particularly concerned that FDR is a great platform for data modem there was a question about a voice modem and we have picked up our investment this quarter as it's too famous [ph]. I think we’re at those levels and when the time comes for Q1 on guidance we will tell sure more but you know we’re invested into the markets that we believe we want to be invested in. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Tegra Note is a reference platform. Tegra Note is a reference platform, albeit very complete. It has the additional qualities that the software is very polished and that includes features like stylus, the world's first high-performance passive stylus that is unique. It has the world's first always on HDR that is unique, so it has the capabilities that no other tablets have. No other devices have and has the benefit of having software that’s completely polished and refined. But otherwise it's a reference platform and we direct our partners particularly local brand around the world who don't have the ability to invest in building such a great device at the audience at that we partner with to have these devices built. But in the end our business model there is to sell a chip and we partner with local brand (indiscernible) on the world to take these devices to market. With respect to SHIELD it is our initiative to cultivate the gaming marketplace for Android. We believe that Android is going to be a very important platform for gaming in the future and to do so we have to create devices that enable great gaming to happen on Android. Our investment there is modest, our expectations are modest, and our distribution is modest. We built these devices that are in the hands of every developer in the world now. And the reviews have been fantastic and we are going to let the market tell us how they like it and then we will take it from there. And so for Tegra, we know the business model ultimately is to sell chips partnered with partners like we do with GeForce. In the case of SHIELD, it is an NVIDIA branded product, but we are pushing it modestly and carefully. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I appreciate the question Rajv. First of all, Tegra is not just about phones. Although we have found success with (indiscernible) we have found success with others and we participated in building some of the most exciting super phones in the marketplace and we will continue to do that. Tegra is not just about phones. Unlike the companies that use names, NVIDIA’s application processors can be successful and very successful without motives. However, there are many segments of our market going forward where a data modem is important to have. And Icera gives us a platform to build the data modems, which we are very successful at already. I think the risk of our data modem success is not at all a concern. And in fact, we are incredibly proud of the performance of our data modem. It’s a piece of technology and a companion part of our technology offering that’s really important for us to have. If you look at Tegra therefore whether it’s in phones or tablets or cars, setup boxes, gaming devices, all-in-one PCs, home PCs, they all require the same application processor. And so Tegra is more than just phones. And in many of those segments, our data modem is very important to have. And in one segment, a voice modem is very important to have. And so the way to think about our position – the way to think about our position, you have to think about the whole Android, the whole mobile technology market, you can’t just think about phones, which is very unlikely to companies that you mentioned earlier. They tend to be very phone centric. We are just simply not. Now, I understand that last couple of years that the only conversation has been around phones, but we all know that the conversation around Android is going to expand far beyond phones and this is an area that we can add a lot to the conversation. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We’re still on in fact doubling that business every year and so the answer to your question is yes. And we continue to capture design wins and computing an automotive is increasing in importance every year. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We already have it. You know design wins are shipping as many years as you know in the car. And so it's multi-years, yet to work on a project for couple two, three years before you ship it. So we already have it. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I would say in terms of absolute dollars number one would be Tegra. In terms of so that’s number one, number two would be Tesla. Number three would be PC gaming which is GeForce GTX. Number four although the buildup of potential is likely the greatest with GRID you’re right that is off of a small base today. And so I would say number four to GRID but the following years GRID could very well being the largest growth driver. 
Rob Csongor: Thanks Colette. That concludes our prepared remarks. At this time we would like to open up the call to take questions. Again please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. Thank you. 
Rob Csongor: I’m sorry, let’s keep it at two if we can all right, let’s keep it two per person we’re starting spread on that. Can we let’s move on to the next caller. Sorry, Alex we will pick it up next time, we will follow-up with you. 
Rob Csongor: Hey, everyone I think we’re out of time. I would like to thank everyone for participating in the call today. We look forward to talking to you next time on our Q4 earnings call. Thank you. 
Colette Kress: So we’re indicating in our guidance for Q4 that we will essentially flat in Q4 versus Q3. We did articulate that our Tegra business would be up sequentially so therefore our overall GPU business will be slightly down from Q3 in total. We still believe strong growth in terms of the overall gaming, side of that we will continuously go into Q4 but overall the PC market and our low end PC GPUs are probably expected to continue what we have been seen in Q3. 
Colette Kress: I’m not sure there is a seasonality on the Tegra business that we could point to at this stage. I think it's going to take a little while to better understand that and even all the way through fiscal year ’15, some us we can add any color at this time in terms of when those volumes each of the designs would come through. 
Colette Kress: We are not necessarily here to talk about our Q1. In Q1, primarily it’s regarding our payroll taxes that can drive an increase, but this time we are not giving a full look in terms of fiscal year ‘15. 
Colette Kress: Yes you’re correct in terms of the amount of cash that we have in the overall U.S. basis which is generally about what we need for our overall dividend. So with our intent going forward to return a bit more to shareholders 1 billion in fiscal year ’15 that will emphasize that we will come back with the options in terms of how we will do that going forward but at this time we’re not here to really kind of breakdown the cash flow between U.S. base and international base, or those pieces but we will come back to you in about a quarter and give you a little bit more detail on those plan. 
