Colette Kress: Sure. Thanks for the question as we start out here. I think when we had discussed our overall data center business three months ago, we did indicate that our visibility as we turned into the new calendar year was low. We had a challenge in terms of completing some of the deals at the end of that quarter. As we moved into Q1, I think we felt solid in terms of how we completed. We saw probably a combination of those moving forward, continuing with our CapEx expenditures and building out in terms of what they need for the data centers. Some others are still in terms of a pause. So, as we look in terms of -- with Q2, I think we see a continuation of what we have in terms of the visibility not the best visibility going forward, but still rock solid to what we think are our benefits of what we provide in terms of a platform. Our overall priorities are aligned to what we see with the hyperscale as well as the enterprises as we think about using AI in so many of their different workloads. But, we'll just have to see as we go forward how this turns out. But right now, visibility probably just remains the same about as where we were when we started three months ago.
Colette Kress: So, at this time, we don't plan on giving a full year overall guidance. I think our look in terms of gaming all of the still drivers that we thought about earlier in the quarter and we talked about our Investor Day and we have continued to talk about are still definitely in the line. While the drivers of our gaming business and Turing RTX for the future are still on track. But, we're not providing guidance at this time for the full year.
Colette Kress: Yes. I'll start off here and kind of go back to where our thoughts were in Q1 and why we provided full year guidance when we were in Q1. When we looked at Q1 and what we are guiding we understood that it was certainly an extraordinary quarter something that we didn't feel was a true representative of our business. And we wanted to get a better view of our trajectory of our business in terms of going forward. We are still experiencing I think the uncertainty as a result of the pause in terms of -- with the overall hyperscale data centers. And we do believe that's going to extend into Q2. However, we do know and expect that our Q2 -- assuming our H2 will likely be sizably larger than our overall H1. And the core dynamics of our business at every level is exactly what we expected. Just that said though, we're going to return to just quarterly guidance at this time.
Colette Kress: Yes. So, when you think about our growth between Q1 and Q2, yes, we do expect in terms of our gaming to increase. We do expect our Nintendo switch to start again in sizable amount. Once we move into Q2 and we do at this time expect probably our data center business to grow.
Colette Kress: Yes. When you look at our sequential gross margin increase that will be influenced by our larger revenue or larger revenue and better mix, which you're correct is our largest driver of our gross margin. However, we will be beginning the Nintendo switch back up and that does have lower gross margins than the company average influencing therefore our Q2 gross margin guidance that we provided. As we look forward towards the rest of the year, we think mix and the higher revenue again will influence and likely rise our overall gross margins for the full year.
Colette Kress: Thanks for the question. So, let's start with your first part of the question regarding how we reached overall normalized gaming levels. When we look at our overall inventory in the channel, we believe that this is relatively behind us and moving forward that it will not be an issue. Going forward, we will probably reach normalized level for gaming somewhere between Q2 and Q3 similar to our discussion that we had back at Analyst Day and at the beginning of the quarter.
Colette Kress: So, as we discussed, Stacy. We are targeting many of the hyperscale definitely purchasing in terms of the inferencing into the installment that it continues. Also in terms of the training; the training instances that they will need for the cloud or for internal use, absolutely. We have some that have pods and going through all those period, so that we do believe because this will come back. We do believe as we look out into the future that they will need that overall deep learning for much of their research as well as many of their workloads. So, no concern on that. But right now, we do see a pause. I will turn it over to Jen-Hsun to see if he has additional comments.
Colette Kress: And to the second question regarding OpEx trajectory for the rest of the year. We're still on track to our thoughts on leaving the fiscal year with the year-over-year growth and overall OpEx on a non-GAAP basis in a high single digit. We'll see probably an increase sequentially quarter-to-quarter along there. But our year-over-year growth start to decline as we will not be growing at the speed that we did in this past year. But, I do believe we're on track to meet that goal.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Sure. China looks like fine. I think China has stabilized. The gaming market in China is really vibrant and it continues to be vibrant. Tencent's releasing new games. I think you might have heard that Epic stores now open in Asia and games are available from the West. So, there are all kinds of positive signs in China. There's some 300 million PC gamers in China and. And then, people are expecting it to grow. We're expecting the total number of gamers to continue to grow from the 1 plus billion PC gamers around the world to something more than that. And so, things look fine.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. Well, it's seasonal second half the year, we expect to see some great games. We won't preannounce anybody else games for them. But, this is this is a great PC cycle because it is the end of the console cycle. And PCs are where the actions at these days. With Battle Royale and Esports and so much social going on, the PC gaming ecosystem is just really vibrant. Our strategy with RTX was to take a lead and move the world to Ray tracing. And at this point I think it's fairly safe to say that that the leadership position that we've taken has turned into a movement that has turned next generation gaming Ray tracing into a standard. Almost every single game platform will have to have Ray tracing and some of them already announced it and the partnerships that we've developed are fantastic Microsoft DXR is supporting Ray tracing, Unity supporting ray tracing, Epic is supporting Ray tracing, leading publishers like EA has adopted RTX and supporting Ray tracing and movie studios, Pixar has adopted -- announced that they're using RTX and will use artifacts to accelerate their rendering of films. And so, Adobe and Autodesk jumped on to RTX and that will bring Ray tracing to their content and their tools. And so, I think at this point it's fair to say that that Ray tracing is the next generation and it's going to be adopted all over the world.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Hyperscale are digesting the capacity they have. At this point, I think it's fairly clear that in the second half of last year they took on a little bit too much capacity. And so, everybody is has paused to give themselves a chance to digest. However, our business on inference is doing great. And we're working with CSPs all over the world to accelerate their inference models. Now the reason why recently the inference activity has gotten just off the charts because of breakthroughs in what we call conversational AI. In fact, today I think I just saw it today, but have known about this work for some time. Harry Shum's Group, Microsoft AI Research Group today announced their multitask DNN, general language understanding model and it broke benchmark records all over the place. And basically, what this means is the three fundamental components of conversational AI. which is speech recognition, natural language understanding which this multitask DNN is a breakthrough in and it's based on a piece of work that Google did recently called BERT. And then, text to speech all of the major pieces of a conversational AI are now put together. Of course, it's going to continue to evolve, but these models are gigantic to train. And in the case of Microsoft's network was trained on vault to GPUs and these systems require large amounts of memory, the models are enormous takes an enormous amount of time to train these systems. And so, we're seeing a breakthrough in conversational AI and across the board Internet companies would like to make their AI much more conversational. So that you can access through phones and smart speakers and be able to engage AI practically everywhere. The work that we're doing in industries makes a ton of sense. We're seeing AI adoption in just about all the industries from transportation to healthcare to retail to logistics, industrials, agriculture. And the reason for that is because they have a vast amount of data that they're collecting and I heard a statistic just the other day from a talk to [indiscernible] that some 90% of today's data was created just two years ago and it's being created by and gathered by these industrial systems all over the world. And so, if you want to put that data to work and you could create the models using our systems, our GPUs for training, and then you can extend that all the way out to the edge. This last quarter, we started to talk about our enterprise server based on T4. This inference engine that has been really successful for us at the CSPs is now going out into the edge and we call them edge servers and enterprise servers. And these edge systems are going to do AI basically instantaneously. It's too much data to move all the way to the cloud. You might have data sovereignty concerns, you want to have very, very low latency, maybe it needs to have multi-sensor fusion capabilities, so it understands the context better. For example, what it sees and what it hears has to be harmonious. And so, you need that kind of AI, those kind of sensor computing at the edge. And so, we're seeing a ton of excitement around this area. Some people call it the intelligent edge. Some people call edge computing and now with 5G networks coming, we're seeing a lot of interest around the edge computing servers that we're making. Those are the activity that we're seeing.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. Our strategy for cloud gaming is to extend our PC position for GeForce gamers into the cloud. And our strategy for our building out our network is partnerships with telcos around the world. And so, we'll build out some of it. And on top of the service, we have our entire PC gaming stack and when we host the service, we will move toward a subscription model. And with our telcos around the world who would like to provision the service at their edge servers and many of them would like to do so in conjunction with their 5G telco services to offer cloud gaming as a differentiator. In all of these different countries where PC exposure has been relatively low. We have an opportunity to extend our platform out to that billion PC gamers. And so, our that's our basic strategy. And we also offer our edge server platform to all of the cloud service providers. Google has NVIDIA GPU graphics in the cloud. Amazon has NVIDIA GPU graphics in the cloud and Microsoft has NVIDIA GPU graphics in the cloud. And these GPUs will be fantastic also for cloud gaming and workstation graphics and also Ray tracing. And so, the platform is capable of running all of the things that NVIDIA runs and we try to put it in every data center, in every cloud from every region that's possible.
Jen-Hsun Huang: NVIDIA strategy is accelerated computing. It is very different than accelerator strategy. For example, if you were building a smart microphone, you need an accelerator for speech recognition ASR. Our company is focused on accelerated computing. And the reason for that is because the world's body of software is really gigantic and the world's body of software continues to evolve and AI is nowhere near done. We're probably at the first couple of innings of AI of that. And so, the amount of software and the size of the models are going to have to continue to evolve. Our accelerated computing platform is designed to enable the computer industry to bring forward into the future all the software that exists today whether it's TensorFlow or Caffe or PyTorch or it could be a classical machine learning algorithms like XGBoost, which is actually right now the most popular framework in machine learning overall. And there are so many different types of classical algorithms and not to mention all of the handwritten engineered algorithms by programmers. And those algorithms and those hand engineered algorithms also would like to be mixed in with all of the deep learning or otherwise classical machine learning algorithms. This whole body of software doesn't run on a single function accelerator. If you would like the body of software to run on something, it would have to be sufficiently general purpose. And so, the balance that we made was we invented this thing called a Tensor Core that allows us to accelerate deep learning to the speed of light. Meanwhile, it has the flexibility of CUDA, so that we can bring forward everything in classical machine learning as people have started to see with RAPIDS and it's being announced being integrated into machine learning pipelines in the cloud and elsewhere. And then, also all of the high-performance computing applications or computer vision algorithms, image processing algorithms that that don't have deep learning or machine learning alternatives. And so, our company is focused on accelerated computing. And speaking of inference that's one of the reasons why we're so successful in inference right now. We're seeing really great pickup. And the reason for that is because the type of models that people want to run on one application and let's just use one application, one very, very exciting one, conversational AI, you would have to do speech recognition, you would have to then do natural language understanding to understand what did the speeches -- you might have to convert, you have to translate to another language. Then you have to do something related to maybe making a recommendation or making a search and then after that you have to convert that recommendation and search and the intent into speech. While some of it could be 8-bit integer, some of it really wants to be 16-bit floating point in some of it because of the development state of it may want to be in 32-bit floating point. And so, the mix precision nature and the computational algorithm nature, flexibility nature of our approach make it possible for cloud providers and people who are developing AI applications. To not have to worry about exactly what model it runs or not, we run every single model. And if it doesn't currently run well, we'll help you make it run. And so, the flexibility of our architecture and the incredible performance in deep learning is really a great balance and allows customers to deploy it easily. So, our strategy is very different than an accelerator. I think the only accelerators that I really see successful at the moment are the ones that go into smart speakers. And surely there are a whole bunch being talked about, but I think the real challenge is how to make it run real workloads. And we're going to keep cranking along in our current strategy and keep raising the bar as we have in the past.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Let's see. I think that that when it comes down to training, if your infrastructure team tells you not to buy anything. The thing that suffers is time to market and in some amount of experimentation that allows you to better pause and waiting longer. And then, I should -- I think that for computer vision type of algorithms and recommendation type of algorithms those that posture may not be may not be impossible. However, the type of work that that everybody is now jumping on top of which is natural language understanding and conversational AI and the breakthrough that Microsoft just announced. If you want to keep up with that you're going to have to buy much, much larger machines. And I'm looking forward to that and I expect that that's going to happen. But in the latter part of last year Q4 and Q1 of this year, we did see pause from the hyperscalers. But, I don't expect it to last.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, on first principles. The acquisition is going to enable data centers around the world whether it's U.S. or elsewhere China to be able to advance much, much more quickly. Now we're going to invest and building infrastructure technology and as a combined company, we'll be able to do that much better. And so, this is good for customers and it's great for customers in China. The two matters whether it's -- the two matters that we're talking about just are different. One is related to competition in a -- with respect to our acquisition to competition in the market. And the other is related to trade. And so, the two matters are just different. And in our particular case, we bring so much value to the marketplace in China. I mean I'm confident that the market will see that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We expected to grow in 2019. A lot of our T4 inference work is related to what people call edge computing and it has to be done at the edge because the amount of data that otherwise would be transferred to the cloud is just too much, has to be done at the edge because of data sovereignty issues and data privacy issues. And it has to be done at the edge because the latency requirement is really, really high. It has to respond basically like a reflex and to make a prediction or make a suggestion or stop the piece of machinery instantaneously. And so a lot of that work that we're doing in T4 inference is partly in the cloud, a lot of it is at the edge. T4 servers for enterprise were announced, I guess about halfway through the quarter and the OEMs are super excited about that because the number of companies in the world who want to do data analytics -- predictive data analytics is quite large. And the size of the data is growing so significantly and with Moore's Law ending, it's really hard to power through terabytes of data at a time. And so, we've been working on building the software stack from the new memory architectures and storage architectures all the way to the computational middleware and it's called RAPIDS and I appreciate you saying that. And that's being put together in the activity and get hub is just fantastic. As you can see all kinds of companies jumping in to make contributions because they would like to be able to take that open source software and run it in their own data center on our GPUs. And so, I expect the enterprise side of our business both for enterprise big data analytics or for edge computing to be a really good growth driver for us this year.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our Automotive Strategy has several components. There's the engineering component of it where we -- our engineers and their engineers have to co-develop the autonomous vehicles. And then there's three other components; there's the component of AI computing infrastructure, we call DGX and or any of the OEM servers that include our GPUs that are used for developing the AIs. The cars are collecting a couple of terabytes per day per test card. And all of that data has to be powered through and crunched through in the data center. And so, we have an infrastructure of what we call DGX that people could use. And so, we're seeing a lot of success there. We just announced this last quarter a new infrastructure called Constellation that lets you essentially drive thousands and thousands of test cars in your data center. And they're all going through a pseudo directed random or directed scenarios that allows you to either test untestable scenarios or regress against previous scenarios and we call that Constellation. And then, lastly, after working on a car for several years, we would install the computer inside the car and we call that drive. And so, these are these are the four components of opportunities that we have in the automotive industry. We're doing great in China. There's a whole bunch of electric vehicles being created, the robot taxis developments around the world largely using NVIDIA technology. We recently announced a partnership with Toyota. There's a whole bunch of stuff that we're working on. I'm anxious to announce them to you. But this is an area that that -- is the tip of the iceberg of a larger space we call robotics and computing at the edge. But if you think about the basic computational pipeline of a self-driving car, it's no different essentially than a smart retail or the future of computational medical instruments, agriculture, industrial inspection delivery drones are all basically use essentially the same technique. And so, this is the this is the foundational work that we do for a larger space that people call the intelligent as your computing at the edge.
Jen-Hsun Huang: In Q2, we were -- we had to deal with some CPU shortage issues at the OEMs. It's improving, but the initial ramp will be affected. And so, the CPU shortage situation has been described fairly broadly and that's affected our initial ramp. We don't expect it to affect our ramp going forward. And the new category of gaming notebooks that we created called Max-Q has made it possible for really amazing gaming performance to fit into a thin and light. And these new generations of notebooks with our Max-Q design and the Turing GPU which is super energy efficient, in combination made it possible for OEMs to create notebooks that are both affordable all the way down to $799 thin and really delightful all the way up to something incredible with a RTX 2080 and a 4K display. And these are thin notebooks that are really beautiful that people would love to use. And the invention of the Max-Q design method and all the software that went into it that we announced last year, we had -- I think last year, we had some 40 notebooks or so maybe a little bit less than that. And this year, we have some hundred notebooks that are being designed at different price segments by different OEMs across different regions. And so, I think this year is going to be quite a successful year for notebooks. And it's also the most successful segment of consumer PCs. It's the fastest growing segment. It is very largely under penetrated because until Max-Q came along, it wasn't really possible to design a notebook that is both great and performance and experience and also something that a gamer would like to own. And so finally, we've been able to solve that difficult puzzle and create a powerful gaming machines that are inside a notebook that's really wonderful to own and carry around. And so, this is going to be a really -- this is a fast-growing segment and all the OEMs know it and that's why they put so much energy into creating all these different types of designs and styles and sizes and shapes and we have 100 Turing GPU notebooks gaming PCs ramping right now.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. Level 2+ call it 2020, late 2021 or 2022-ish. So that's Level 2+. I would say 2019 very, very early for robot taxis, next year substantially more volume for robot taxis 2021 bigger volumes for robot taxis. The ASP differences, the amount of computation you put into a robot taxi because of sensor resolution's, sensor diversity and redundancy, the computational redundancy and the richness of the algorithm all of it put together it's probably an order of magnitude plus in computation and so the economics would reflect that. And so that robot taxi is kind of like next year, year after ramp and then think of Level 2+ as 2021, 2022. Overall, remember that our economics come from four different parts. And so there's the NRE components of it. There's the AI development infrastructure, computing infrastructure part of it, the simulation part of it called Constellation, and then the economics of the car. And so, we just announced Constellation, the enthusiasm around it is really great. Nobody should ever ship anything they don't simulate. And my expectation is that billions of miles will get simulated inside a simulator long before they'll ship it. And so that's a great opportunity for Constellation.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The entire reason for Q4 and Q1 is attributed to oversupply in the channel as a result of cryptocurrency, has nothing to do with Turing in fact. Turing is off to a faster start than Pascal was. And it continues to be on a faster pace than Pascal was. And so, the pause in gaming is now behind us, we're on a growth trajectory with gaming, RTX has took the lead on Ray tracing and is now going to become the standard for next generation gaming support from basically every major platform and software provider on the planet. And our notebook growth is going to be really great because of the Max-Q design that we invented and the last couple of quarters have also intersected with overlapped with the seasonal slowdown that -- not so, but build that the seasonal builds of the Nintendo switch and we're going to go back to normal build cycle. And as Colette said earlier somewhere between Q2 and Q3, we'll get back to normal levels for gaming. And so we're off to a great start in Turing and I'm super excited about that. And then, in the second half of the year, we would have fully ramped up from top to bottom, our Turing architecture spanning everything from 179 to as high performance as you like. And we have the best price best performance and best GPU at every single price point. And so, I think we're in pretty good shape. In terms of process notes we tend to design our own process with TSMC. If you look at our process and you measure its energy efficiency, it's off the charts. And in fact, if you take our Turing and you compare it against a 7-nanometer GPU on energy efficiency, it's incomparable. In fact, the world's 7-nanometer GPU already exists and it's easy to go and pull that and compare the performance and energy efficiency against one of our current GPUs. And so that the real focus for our engineering team is to engineer a process that makes sense for us and to create an architecture that is energy efficient. And the combination of those two things allows us to sustain our leadership position. Otherwise, buying off the shelf process is something that we can surely do, but we want to do much more than that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Thanks everyone. We're glad to be returning to growth. We are focused on driving three growth strategies. First, RTX ray tracing. It's now clear that ray tracing is the future of gaming and digital design. And NVIDIA RTX is leading the way with the support of Microsoft DXR, Epic, Unity, Adobe and Autodesk. Game publishers like EA, movie studios like Pixar, industry support has been fantastic. Second, accelerated computing and AI computing, the pause in hyperscale spending will pass. Accelerated computing and AI are the greatest forces in computing today and NVIDIA is leading these movements. Whether cloud or enterprise or AI at the edge for 5G or industries NVIDIA is one scalable architecture from cloud to edge is a focal point platform for the industry to build AI upon. Third robotics, some call it embedded AI, some edge AI or autonomous machines. The same computing architecture is used for self-driving cars, pick and place robotics arms, delivery drones and smart retail stores. Every machine that move or machines that watch other things that move whether with driver or driverless will have robotics and AI capabilities. Our strategy is to create an end-to-end platform that spans NVIDIA's DGX AI computing infrastructure to NVIDIA Constellation simulation to NVIDIA AGX embedded AI computing. And finally, we're super excited about the pending acquisition of Mellonox. Together we can advance cloud and edge architectures for HPC and AI computing. See you next quarter.
