Colette Kress: Correct. In terms of where we think the growth will stem from, from a revenue perspective, again it is usually a seasonally uptick in terms of our overall consumer GPUs that are there for gaming as we get ready for the second half of the year on the high gaming season. So, that we do expect to be a significant contributor to our overall revenue growth sequentially of 9%. Additionally, we also expect our overall Tegra business to also grow sequentially associated with both our SoCs particularly for auto will increase and also what we expect for our devices as well.
Colette Kress: So, we talked quite a bit about what will contribute to our gross margins going forward and we do expect in any one quarter to see seasonal increases or potentially large projects completed in some of our enterprise businesses. So it's really a nature of the overall mix over a longer-term period of time which will influence our gross margins long-term. When you think about our overall enterprise businesses from Tesla, GRID and overall Quadro, which carry slightly higher gross margins than overall Company average, and depending on the seasonality of some of those businesses as well as large projects that we may complete, you will see our gross margins be very strong. Our overall consumer GPUs, we've done a very solid job in keeping our overall gross margins with solid ASPs and that should contribute as well in the quarters which we have strong growth. Then thirdly, when you think about our overall Tegra business, it is a case in terms of volumes and we do know that these are lower overall gross margins than our Company average. So depending on when those volumes hit, it can also affect the overall Company's gross margin. But at this time, it is hard to say in precise every single quarter in terms of what that guidance will be but those are generally the factors that will influence our gross margin ranges going forward.
Colette Kress: I think we're looking quite nicely at how we've executed over the last three quarters. It's definitely been through a lot of work thinking about how much better we can execute as a company with our overall business groups and working on reallocating investments across. And to look farther, there's continued day to day conversations about where those growth opportunities are on the top line and are we the best positioned at this time with our investments for those. So right now, I'd like to get through the rest of the fiscal year and I think we'll reassess what does that look like going forward, but I don't have anything at this time to give on a longer-term perspective. But I thank you for recognizing the great work on growing the top line and maintaining a very consistent OpEx base to improve the profitability.
Colette Kress: In the end of Q2, yes, we had completed the outstanding ASR that we began shortly after our Q1 earnings release. In the second half of the year, we are committed to meeting the full-year plan for $1 billion. Breaking that down, the dividend payments are still in the second half of the year, a part of the remaining balance to go, and then the amount of repurchasing as well. We're still assessing what the best method is overall to do that and we'll have something for you at the next earnings call definitely on how we executed within that quarter.
Colette Kress: It's a very good percentage of our overall consumer GPU business and we've talked about that remember our professional workstation GPUs are also in the overall GPU business as well as what we have for the overall datacenter with Tesla and our overall cloud in terms of GRID, but as a percentage of our overall consumer, it is a significant proportion of our overall consumer GPU.
Colette Kress: The ASPs are definitely a lot of different factors in terms of how certain things fell into the channel with certain OEMs or in terms of any just overall add in market. So it's real hard for us to lay out that mix perfectly over that. We believe what we've seen right now is extremely stable, if not from year-over-year, overall increases in our overall average ASPs over that period of time. So we'll get to see what that looks like as we go into the gaming season in the second half of the year, but you are correct that our overall gaming portfolio GPUs do carry overall higher than the average across our overall consumer GPUs.
Colette Kress: So we've been pretty clear that when you look at our overall cash balance and our overall cash flow, a good percentage of our cash flow extends from our international operations and the overall revenue that we receive from a good percentage of our business. From time to time, we'll have a little bit of peak in the U.S. in terms of some of the providers that we do business with in the U.S., but I'd say more than the majority, our significant amount of the earnings are earned overseas. So overall, cash balance about a November year ago, we infused with the overall convertible debt which added $1.5 billion. So right now, outside of the Intel payments as well that come once a year, it's pretty steady and it may grow a little bit from time to time, but I'd say it's just right now at about a steady level. Secondly, when talking about our overall capital return from a long-term perspective, we are really trying to look at our overall growth this year. We've executed strongly to the $1 billion that we put out for the fiscal year and we're just about half way through that right now, and so we'll continue to look what is the appropriate level for long-term. As you know, we're executing to return more than 100% of our free cash flow, that you've seen in this quarter and the last quarter. But over the last three years, we've probably been executing on average anywhere from about 70% to 80% of our free cash flow. So, stay tuned, let us get through this year in terms of the $1 billion and we'll look in terms of what the future will lie after we look at that overall cash balance and the options that we can do.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Vivek, this is Jen-Hsun. If you take a look at the overall gaming market, it is surely growing. Depending on which one of the analysts you follow, the vast majority of them see that global gaming market is growing about 10%, a little bit over 10%. If you take a look at the largest gaming franchise today, they are mostly associated with massively online battle arena games called MOBA games. Whether it's League of Legends or DOTA 2, the two combined has nearly 100 million gamers and each day there are some 10 million gamers playing these two games. The size of the eSports, competitive sports associated with these two games, is becoming quite a large industry in itself. China is still growing, Southeast Asia is extremely underexposed and those markets are growing. And so, I think that it's fair to say that the gaming market overall is still growing. ASP is increasing and the reason why ASP is increasing is because the production value of games are increasing. The latest generation game consoles are now out. The entry-level GTX, GeForce GTX, with a street price of about $100 is comparable in performance to a next generation game console. And so, if the market shifts to even that level, our ASP has quite a lot of room to still grow. And so as the production value of games continue to grow, I think we're going to see our ASPs grow. And so I would say that the dynamics of the gaming industry, PC gaming industry is really quite healthy, both in more and more players playing and ASPs increasing because of production value. Now when you think about it in terms of our own platform, there's almost I would say there's about 100 million GeForce gamers around the world, they are active gamers around the world. And yet we know there are several hundred million gamers altogether and PC gaming is becoming more and more popular for the reasons that I've mentioned already and others. My sense is that we still have quite a bit of penetration to go. And so these are the dynamics that are helping us.
Jen-Hsun Huang: It's hard to predict the future but there are some things that we know. NVIDIA invents more in modern computer graphics than just about all of the world's companies combined. We invented the GPU, we invented GPGPU, we invented the ability for GPUs to be virtualized so that you can put it in the cloud and that's one of the reasons why our cloud computing business has grown so fast now. We're continuing to focus on this one specialized field of computing that's becoming more and more important. I don't know of too many technology companies in the world today who doesn't rely on technologies that we've invented. Technology licensing is an important part of our business. Long before there was Intel licensing our technology, there were other companies licensing our technology. We have licensing revenues as a component of our business now for 15 plus years. And so my expectation is that licensing revenues will continue to be an important part of our income for quite some time to come. Now there's a second component that's really important which is, whereas we historically were able to license to mostly PC companies, we can now license to mobile and cloud companies. And so those are new opportunities for us. And then lastly, we no longer just license IP as in patents, we've productised our design into a core and that core could be licensed, so that makes it easier for companies who would like to innovate and build their own products to be able to license our technology. We have now more ways to engage customers in IP licensing. We're serious about this business, we're actively working on these matters, they take time, but I'm very confident that licensing will continue to be an important part of our business going forward.
Jen-Hsun Huang: First of all, Q2 is seasonally slower than all of the other quarters, and considering the performance that we had, it was actually quite extraordinary. And our expectation is that Q3 will return to its traditional seasonal growth era. There's a couple of other dynamics that's going on now. There are some really big titles coming this fall. I don't remember a time when PC gaming is going to benefit from the huge titles that are coming out this fall at the pace that it is. And partly the reason for that is because this is the first year, the first major year, first full year of next generation game consoles, and so these new large franchise titles like Call of Duty and Assassin's Creed are going to hit the market. And ultimately what drives our business, some seasonality, of course Christmas matters, of course back-to-school matters, of course Chinese New Year matters, but ultimately what really drives our business are huge games, and this fall we're going to see some really, really huge titles. Our position in the marketplace is fantastic. GeForce is really the best gaming platform for PCs today, it's not even close anymore. I think that because of the technology, we know that Kepler has been a fantastic platform for us, Maxwell is even better than that, but all of the software and all the application technology that we put around GeForce has really changed its profile for gamers. Not only can you play great games now, you could use our GeForce Experience, which has been installed some 40 million times, there are 40 million PCs around the world that now has GeForce Experience inside so that you could record completely in the background without affecting your gameplay and stream it to Twitch, which as you probably know very well at this point is the largest real-time video platform in the world, and a lot of those gamers are streaming using GeForce and the number of concurrent viewers is really quite amazing. And so, GeForce as a gaming platform has really reached a level that is pretty substantial and my expectation is that this holiday season, this fall is going to be pretty big.
Jen-Hsun Huang: You're going to have to ask them for commentary about their channel inventory. In our case, we've seen spot shortages around the world. We're really super-focused on making sure that GeForce is the world's best gaming platform for PCs. It doesn't mean that, it doesn't mean alone that it has to be – just being the world's best GPU is not enough. We're surely the best GPU but being the GPU is just the first bar, if you will, for being a great gaming platform. And for us today, GeForce, all of the technology that we put into game-works, all the work that we do with game developers around the world, GeForce Experience which as I mentioned earlier has been installed some 40 million times, has really turned GeForce into one of the largest gaming platforms in the world. And if you're a gamer and you have GeForce in your system, you can be assured you're going to have a great experience. We're incredibly dedicated to the user experience, we're incredibly dedicated to making sure that every single game works perfectly and works marvellously as it can be in your PC. The amount of dedication that we put into this platform, this living breathing platform that's evolving and changing literally every day, is something that we've really mastered and it's something that has taken us well over a decade to do, and I think people are starting to recognize that. And as the PC market continues to become the most important gaming platform because of its open nature, you don't pay royalties to proprietary platforms, the installed base is really quite large now as you could imagine, and for most people outside of United States where disposable income is still rather challenging, a PC is necessary for most of them, everything else is a luxury, and so the fact that GeForce is extended inside a PC, on a platform that you already know you need, makes it quite a unique gaming platform. And so I think the comments that we've made over the years and as you've followed us over the years, we've been consistently dedicated to this game platform and I think it's starting to pay off now.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Blayne, you know what, just to add to that, one of the things that surely everyone is noticing now is that our business is really moving away from being a components business to being much more of a platform business, that's obviously built on top of a processor. Our ASPs for datacenters and for the cloud computing platforms are much, much higher than our ASPs for PCs, not only because the processors themselves are much more complex, because it has to be shared by many people, it's virtualized. It's designed for datacenter and so the robustness for it, the reliability of it, the quality of it has to be at a level that is able to sustain 24x7 operations. But mostly the reason is because the software stacked on top of it is really complex. Most of our datacenter business, most of our cloud computing business isn't really a software business anymore, it's really about GPU virtualization, it's really about high-performance computing, it's really about the ability to serve accelerated cloud computing. And so, our ASP profile is going to have to start changing over time. Tracking PC sales and then multiplying that by some ASP is not a logical way to think about our business anymore, because of cloud computing platforms, because increasingly our business is really a platform business. I hope that's helpful.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I would think so. I would think that it declined a little, and the reason of course has to do with the fact that the consumer PC market overall declined. You know very well that our consumer PC business is a components business and those components' ASPs are rather low and the margins are lower. And although we care about that business very much, components business and volume business does provide scale and it leverages our R&D anyhow, and so we surely appreciate the business, but in the final analysis the consumer PC market was down and I think that the consumer PC market is expected to be more stable now and we'll see how it trends out.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our Tegra strategy is really centered around several areas. One is automotive, as you've mentioned, a business that has grown to be quite sizable. I think Colette mentioned earlier that it grew 70% year-over-year. We're expecting the growth to continue for the next several years. The pipeline of projects that we know that we're already working on that will go into production is relatively well understood now. On the second is gaming. Android is the world's largest computing platform and gaming, we've shortened to computer gaming, and with a great computing platform like Windows, we were able to build a franchise called GeForce on top of it. Our strategy with SHIELD is exactly the same as that, to leverage the Android platform, which is now the world's largest computing platform, and build a gaming platform out of it and we call that SHIELD. The mobile platform is now extended beyond phones and has gone into tablets, as you know of course, but recently also into television. This fall I'm looking forward to seeing some exciting products for Android TVs and hopefully NVIDIA could be part of some of those. Our focus is primarily there, the vast majority of our focus, automotive, consoles, if you will, Android TV consoles, gaming, and wherever we can, wherever it makes sense for us, continue to engage with OEMs like Xiaomi and others who are building exciting devices where Tegra could be a differentiator for them, and that's basically our strategy and where we're focusing our R&D.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I appreciate that, I was just kidding. Look, consumer business is still a large part of our business and GeForce for PC gaming is a large part of our business, and for the foreseeable future I expect it to be a large part of our business. Consumer business is important to us because consumers drive a lot of computing technology today and obviously the volumes are much, much higher and it's important to have high-volume business to drive the flywheel of R&D. And so I appreciate the seasonality, GeForce is going to benefit from that in the third and fourth quarter, but increasing over time – and one of the things you're highlighting here is that our datacenter business, our cloud computing business, our high-performance computing business are not affected by those kind of seasonality, people buy those platforms when they need those platforms, and the dynamic trends of those businesses are several. One, the more mobile devices in the world, the more pictures people take, the more videos they upload, the more they talk into their phones for search, more of those applications, those consumer applications are going to be accelerated by GPU in the cloud. And so those are great opportunities for us and I think it's pretty clear now the dynamic trends of consumer generated media, as it's censored to cloud, shared and processed and otherwise, is growing I guess at least exponentially and I think that that's one of the dynamics, major dynamics driving our GPU success in the cloud. And then the second has to do with the fact that more and more of companies are using high-performance computing to drive their business. Some companies call it big data analytics, some you then refer to machine learning to understand what is happening to the dynamics of their business. High-performance computing is more is more important in enterprise than ever. Those two dynamic trends – and then maybe if I could just add the last one, is enterprise virtualization. Our GPUs on GRID makes it possible for you to virtualize your enterprise beyond the walls of the datacenter and all the way out to the fringe where the clients are. We could virtualize very, very compute intensive PC applications for the very first time. And so these three dynamics are really important to the future of our datacenter and cloud business, and as those continue to grow, our business will become increasingly less seasonal, if you will.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Good question. The most important partners, number one, starts with the hypervisor companies, the companies that build the core of virtualization. Of course VMware is a very important part of that, Microsoft is, Citrix is. I think it was at GTC, I guess it's in May, VMware was on stage with me to announce that they were adopting GRID, integrating GRID into ESX, and enabling virtual GPUs for their hypervisor stack. I'm anxiously waiting for them to go to beta, and so let's watch this space. I think that that has probably the single greatest near-term turbocharger to the GRID business. Beyond that, the ecosystem partners that we will go to market with are all the OEMs. They have the largest sales forces in the world and they are engaging enterprises from financial services to government to education to industry, and those sales forces are being trained on a constant basis and enabling OEMs to be able to take GRID to market as a very big part of the overall strategy. We now have every single OEM in the world supporting us. There are some 70, 80 servers that have been certified and qualified for GRID. OEMs from HP and Dell and IBM and Cisco and Hitachi and Fujitsu and just every OEM in every corner of the world has been enthusiastic supporters of GRID, and partnering with VMware and partnering with Citrix and partnering with Microsoft over time, that's how we're going to convert and virtualize all of the enterprises around the world.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We stopped mentioning it because the numbers were getting kind of large and maybe we just got kind of bored talking about it, but it's almost 1,000, Doug. I appreciate you asking.
Jen-Hsun Huang: There are several things about that event that's really interesting. First, the fact that you could run an arbitrary and newly developed cryptocurrency algorithm on a GPU says something about the programmability of a GPU now. That's one of the things that – of course cryptology, cryptography is very important, of course encryption and decryption for security long-term will be very important, and GPUs will increasingly become important in the development of those algorithms. However, we really didn't benefit very much from people who were doing I guess bitcoin mining, and the reason for that is because if it's just one application, if it's somebody who is using that one application, they don't really care about the gaming experience, they didn't buy the platform for gaming, they didn't buy the platform for workstations or design, I would say that NVIDIA GPUs are not the most performance per dollar efficient in the market. As a component, if you will, as a commodity component, we're not the most competitive in that they. And maybe that was a blessing, maybe it wasn't, but I think in the final analysis I don't think we were particularly the best choice for somebody who would like to bitcoin mine. When they were done, they resold the graphics cards in the marketplace, and I guess in a lot of ways I'm kind of happy that that didn't happen to us.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We look at every foundry that's available in the world and there aren't that many that is competitive enough to be able to earn our business. So we competitively look at every single opportunity every single time. We've been fortunate to partner with GSMC for a very long time, they are a fantastic, fantastic partner, they continue to be, and quite frankly we've been well-served by that partnership. But we look at the competitive landscape on a node by node basis. And so, we have our eyes wide open and we keep all of our partners as competitive as they can be.
