Jen-Hsun Huang: Hey, Mike. Let’s see, there are three growth drivers in mobile for us. The way we see mobile is devices, automotive, and gaming. And this last quarter, devices is larger and automotive is the fastest growing. And I expect in the coming quarters, both will grow.Mike A. Burton – Brean Capital LLC: Okay. And then traditionally Tegra carried lower gross margins on the overall business. I’m wondering if that’s different for the automotive vertical or should we still expect that to affect gross margin mix as that business continues to outperform going forward? Thanks.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, our consumer GPU business has two major components, one of them is consumer PCs and then the other is gaming. The gaming part of it is lower end volume, but it’s much higher in ASP and much higher in gross margin. And my expectation is that the gaming PC will continue to be vibrant. It’s not directly related to seasonality, it’s a market that we understand very well that we have a strong position. And it’s a platform – GeForce GTX is a platform where software intensity is quite high. The relative software that we bring to the platform is quite significant and whether it’s algorithms that goes into our game works or it’s the console that we call GeForce experience, but allows for optimal playable setting automatically to sharing your best moments with our friends on Twitch, capturing your favorite moments and turning into movies to share on Youtube. So that’s our GeForce GTX business for gaming, there is a OEM part of it. The OEM part of it is subject to seasonality is subject to market share, but it’s much lower in ASP is higher volumes, but substantially lower in ASP and of course substantially lower total gross profit contributions for the overall business. So those are the two major component and they just have different dynamics.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The overall data center, our data center strategy has two components. There’s the Tesla GPU computing component and there’s the GRID virtualization component. Overall, these two components, the data center part of our business grew substantially year-over-year and we’re expecting the growth to accelerate, in fact. And the reason why it makes sense that they would accelerate is because both of these, enterprise virtualization and GPU computing, are addressing large market opportunities. And in both of these situations, we’ve been cultivating the ecosystem for some time, and in the case of enterprise virtualization, we now have the support of Citrix and VMware. We now address the vast majority of the world’s enterprises. Every enterprise wants to be virtualized from end-to-end and GRID allows all of the Enterprises to virtualize not just their data centers, but all of their applications, as well as PCs. And that has been a really difficult problem and finally, it’s been solved by GRID. GPU computing, you know that our Tesla processor is a massively parallel processor and the problem that we solved with our platform called CUDA is making it easier, far, far easier for people to take large applications and paralyze it. And we’ve been promoting this for quite sometime, as you know, and the adoption is accelerating. And so we’re seeing the number of applications that come to CUDA increasing and accelerating. So I expect both of these product, these two platforms, Tesla and GRID, which represents our data center platforms, to continue to grow and in fact, accelerate its growth.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, thanks a lot Craig. We’ve seen three consecutive quarters of growth in Tegra and we’re going to see quarters of growth coming. However, the reason why the growth is there has to do with the fact that we’re focused on the segments where visual computing matters most. There are three segments that we focus on and visual computing are large contributions to all three of them. One is automotive. The amount of software, the amount of visual computing contribution we make to the automotive industry is quite significant. As we know, more and more cars want to be computerized and more and more of the functionality inside cars want to be computerized, whether it’s the infotainment system, which was the first to start, but quite frankly, it’s relatively simple for us. But the digital cluster and now the automatic driver assistance is much greater contributions from us. And so we’ve got a foot in the door starting from 10 years ago and we’ve been building our automotive computing platform ever since. So this is a business that is addressing a large market that is going through a transition to more computing capability and I think that we were first to this and we saw it coming from a long time ago and we were prepared for it, so that’s one component. The second component is gaming. You know, that we’ve been investing in bringing gaming to the Android platform. Android is the world’s largest operating system platform now and we believe that over time, it will also be one of the world’s largest gaming platforms. Just as we did with the PC industry before and bringing and cultivating the PC platform for gaming, we’re doing the same for Android and we believe that our contribution there is quite significant. It’s much more than just computer graphics. It’s a deep knowledge of what it takes to make great games and all of the software technology that is included in making great games. And the third, we’re just narrowly focused on devices where we can make a real contribution. Devices where performance matters, differentiation matters, and we partner with people that are looking for that performance differentiation and cool factor. And so those three segments are all doing fine and it’s contributing to our growth.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, first of all, I think we’re just going to have to let the number speak for itself. The gaming segment is, as you know, highly complicated from a perspective of software and architecture and the work that we do with game developers. People just know that when they buy a GeForce it’s going to work great. And all of the software contribution we put on top of it, whether it’s GameWorks or GeForce experience is just really significant. We have 30 million subscribers to GeForce experience and people use it, so that they can have the best gaming experience. And so, I think that our position in gaming is quite significant. It’s a contribution of our performance of our GPUs and we have the best GPUs in the world. It’s the most energy-efficient. We have the best software stack in the world and on top of that, we have GameWorks and GeForce experience that are deeply differentiated and available from no one in the world but us. And so I think our position in gaming is quite good and it’s contributed to our continued growth. This isn’t a one quarter thing, but you’ve seen it coming for several years.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, most Enterprise trials last longer than three and take less than one year, and so I think it’s somewhere in that range. Most Enterprises wouldn’t engage in a trial unless they expect to deploy it and so something along the lines of six to nine months, nine months for the larger ones and six months for the smaller ones. Some of the complexities in the past has to do with the fact that many Enterprises had VMware in the data center and Citrix on the client. And we solved that problem recently. We announced with VMware that VMware ESX was going to support GRID fully integrated. And so now going forward, hopefully the number of circumstances where there’s a hybrid model slowing down trials will disappear. I mean, at this point, we basically support the most important data center virtualization stack, as well as the most important client virtualization stack. And so, hopefully that results in faster trials, but something along the lines of six to nine months is not unexpected. The overall data center, GRID data center growth is arguably accelerating and I think, because it’s such a small part of our business today, the fact that it’s accelerating is not unexpected. If you take a look at our overall data center business, not only does it become sizeable, its growth is also accelerating, so I’m excited to see that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: The seasonality of consumer PCs is pretty well understood and just as you were talking about before. Most of the gaming business is driven by games, actually. The question, are there fantastic games that are coming out and there are some pretty fantastic games coming out. Watch Dog is on its way out right now and it’s a groundbreaking piece of entertainment and really excited about it. It’s amazing how it looks. Titanfall is doing fantastic. It’s already sold one million units in just a few weeks. It’s, of course, Titanfall plays on a game console, but we also know that there are just more people on PCs than there are on game consoles. Whereas there’s only a few million for this current generation game console, there are tens of millions of GeForce GTXs where Titanfall can be enjoyed. And so, our expectation is that Titanfall is going to continue to drive adoptions, they’re going to do well. And you saw some of the results from Electronic Arts; they’re doing fantastic with Titanfall. Some of these games will drive I guess games will the PC gaming part of it offsetting some of the seasonality of consumer PCs.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Tesla is growing. Tesla is not taking a pause. I think I was saying that I said several times that our data center business is growing. The combination of Tesla and GRID are growing. Tesla is growing and GRID is growing and the combination is growing. There’s a couple reasons for that. I think high performance computing is really growing. Big data analytics is a big deal and big data analytics running on GPUs is just fantastic. Instead of a few processors we have thousands of processors, and big data is one of those problems that can be highly paralyzed. CUDA is perfect for it. We have multiple markets now, multiple industries where we are, where that we’re exposed to, whether it’s supercomputing, which tends to be large installation driven, there are many super computers that are small installations, hundreds of them around the world. But supercomputing is just one segment of our business, where large and seismic processing, we’re large in medical imaging, we’re large in higher Ed, where supercomputing is used to great deal. Internet Service Providers has become a quite exciting growth opportunity for us, as they use our GPUs for big data analytics, analyzing images or analyzing consumer preferences, helping you make choices. And so high performance computing to us is much more than super computing, even though super computing is there. And then on the other hand, the same servers that we’ve created for Tesla are now used also for GRID. Those GPU servers that we have engineered with all of the OEMs perfectly fit GRID with a completely different software stack now makes it possible for their Enterprise salespeople to work with the customers on end-to-end enterprise virtualization. And so data center is a really exciting growth opportunity for us and its growth is accelerating.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We’re having an okay time with availability. We work hard to align our needs with TSMC and we work very closely with them. We’ve had some challenges in the past and every time we’ve had challenges, it made our partnership deeper and the alignment of our supply and demand forecasting is really fantastic. We take it very, very seriously. They take it very seriously, and they do a great job for us.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, Tegra K1 is about to be Tegra K1 season and I’m pretty excited about Tegra K1. And we don’t have anything to announce today, but hopefully, as we go into the second half, we’ll see some pretty exciting products coming out with Tegra K1. TK1, as you know, is the most advanced GPU that’s ever been built for mobile devices and it’s taking the world’s most advanced GPU, Kepler, and mobilizing it for the very first time. And so, the performance is really quite spectacular and I think your expectation would be that it would be a nice product. In terms of competition, there’s lots of competition out there, but our focus with TK1 is automotive, gaming, and differentiated products, and customers who are looking for differentiated processors that can really bring some excitement to their devices. My expectation is TK1 is going to do great. You also know that TK1 is the world’s first high performance 64-bit processor, and so I’d expect TK1 to be, its one chip, two versions, as you know, and using exactly the same footprint, it could be a 32-bit or 64-bit. We’re expecting to be in production long before the end of the year and be the first high performance 64-bit processor in the market.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I’m not exactly sure how to answer that to your satisfaction because everything has been modeled in. We – I guess maybe the way to think about it is GTX750 is the best $99 gaming processor the world’s ever built. The reviews when it came out and the reviews now are just fantastic. And so GTX750 is ramping up really, really nicely and it will be the entry level PC gaming card of choice. The margins are good. The margins for all GTX products are good. As I mentioned earlier, gaming is not only large in revenues, it’s growing and the margins are good. And our position there is very, very strong. And so all of those dynamics have been factored in and we expect our gross margins to be stable throughout the year.
Jen-Hsun Huang: On an annualized basis, it surely is. On an annualized basis, it surely is and on a quarterly basis, our enterprise GPU business is very large now. Where Tesla starts and ends and where GRID starts and ends is increasingly blurry. And the reason for that is, because it’s one GPU with two different software stacks. Tesla has a software stack that’s intended for GPU computing and GRID is a GPU stack that is intended for graphics and virtualization or virtualized graphics, but the processor is exactly the same. And so increasingly, I think it will be hard to discern, that’s kind of why I put them together. Most data centers that we’re working with include both Tesla and GRID. They use Tesla for their high performance computing work where they’re doing big data analytics and they will use GRID for remote graphics, remote SAS for example, and maybe there’s a graphics application they would like to provide a SAS or maybe they would like to deliver DAS, which is desktop as a service over to cloud, or they would like to provide that within the walls of the enterprise. And so all of these are contributing to our growth and I’ve been talking about GRID now for about a couple years and this is an initiative we’ve been working on for sometime. I think in general, the way to think about it is this and most of the topics that we’ve been talking about today centers around two different areas, maybe three. The two areas, first, is we invented ways for us to extend our reach of computer graphics, our reach of GPUs, into mobile and cloud, and mobile is Tegra, and cloud is GRID and Tesla. And both of those initiatives are now starting to grow and grow nicely. And then probably the third thing –the third commentary that I’ve made consistently throughout the day is that visual computing is just more important than ever. And so I think that our GPU business in the PC driven by PC gaming is a growth business. Our mobile business has three segments. We see mobile as more than phones. It is auto, it’s gaming, it’s devices, and that’s growing. It’s been growing for three consecutive quarters and we’re also expecting it to grow in the foreseeable future. And the third is data centers and cloud. Tesla and GRID are really unique products, very, very software intensive, addressing very large opportunities and we’re seeing growth of vibrant and growing.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, the way to think about is, the way to think about that is – if you look at our ASP for GeForce, it is far, far, far lower than the price that most people pay for game console. And yet the PC is increasingly becoming you game console. And so if you look at where we are versus where we were, our GPU business is probably the only business that I know in semiconductors where ASPs has increased for 15 years. And I think the reason for that is, because it is the defining characteristic of a PC used for gaming. It is the defining component, is the defining technology inside a PC that’s used for designing content, designing you car. And it is simply the most important element inside that computer for the applications that we are talking about, and those applications turned out to have been quite large. Video games is $100 billion industry here in a couple of years. And the production value of video games continued to increase, because the competition is so intense and people can’t imagine playing the same production value game three years in a row. Everybody is looking for more and more and more. And so not only is it a large industry, it also computationally technologically intensive. So it’s been driving our ASPs up and my expectation is that they will continue to do so. There are still many countries where video games is underexposed, partly because they just don’t have broadband, it’s surprising, but there are many large markets where broadband is simply not quite available yet. And without broadband you really can’t enjoy the type of video games that we are talking about that. Every country will have broadband. And we are seeing fast, much, much faster than market, overall market growth rates in many countries Southeast Asia, India still very, very, fast growth. And so my expectation is that GeForce if we understand the business, which we think we do is really, really aligned to the gaming market. The gaming market is about to grow to be a much larger market and the GeForce GPU is the most important component inside the platform that’s the most popular today, PCs. Thanks, Jasmine. We’re ready for next question.
Jen-Hsun Huang: No reason at all. I think we’re seeing a lot of interest in putting something like Tegra in micro servers, but one step at a time, one step at a time. I think the most important thing about micro servers and putting TK1 in the server is really the software stack. And the software stack we’re building for GRID can very well eventually be used on top of Tegra as well.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, at the moment, we’re properly invested in the initiatives that we’re driving and we’re seeing the returns on it. And GRID, as you can see, is growing; Tesla, as you can see, is growing; Tegra, as you can see, is growing. We are now as a company that had a large footprint in PCs, we now see our footprint growing in mobile platforms, as well as cloud platforms. And very, very soon I hope that they become a very large part of our business, and I think maybe your commentary is – your question is that wouldn’t we love to invest more? And I think when the time comes, we would love to invest more. And the reason for that is because the work that we’re doing, visual computing, in cloud, particularly, has quite a large potential. But we need to let the opportunities cultivate and I think that we’re invested at the right proper level at the moment and we’re staying very, very disciplined on it. And as soon as we grow into more and more markets, we’ll invest more.
Jen-Hsun Huang: There’s a lot of product in the market and the fact that there’s shortages says there’s probably a lot of demand. And so, we’re going to have to wait and see, but the way to think about it, Mike, is that the use of GPUs, the application of GPUs has now reached far beyond just gaming for consumer platforms. Sure, the number one application that consumes GPUs is games. It’s $100 billion industry. It’s larger than all of the media industries now and the growth in China is just enormous. And so, yes, it is a very large consumer, but you also need to know that people are making more movies. They’re doing a lot more digital photo editing and there’s a lot more computational digital media than ever and more people are using these computers, also, for developing parallel computing code on CUDA. And so, we’re just seeing demand from a lot more applications than ever before and hopefully, that’s what’s driving the growth.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I can’t comment on Intel’s contra-revenue program, but we’re more and more focused, as you guys know, on segments where visual computing is more important. And automotive, obviously, is very important to us that you used to have one application processor and in the future, you’ll have maybe three, five. And so the number of processors, visual computing-focused processors in a car is growing quite rapidly. We’re going to focus on developing the Android gaming market. We can make a real contribution. It’s very, very hard and the work that we did over the last 15, 20 years in the PC industry, we are going to leverage a lot of that capability over to Android. The way to do that is with TK1 and so you’re going to see, in the second half of the year, hopefully, a lot of exciting things that we’ve been working on and then differentiated devices. And I hope that over time that becomes less of a focus for us and more of a focus on the two things that we’ve been really, really investing in, which is automotive and gaming. And of course, many of these devices want to have gaming. Just like we invested in gaming for PCs, OEMs would like to use GeForce in their PCs not because that PC is necessarily used for gaming, but because it’s bought by a gamer. And if your gamer knows that they want to play on GeForce and they know that GeForce helps them build best PCs, when they buy a laptop or one of these days when they buy a tablet or a phone, they might enjoy having a processor built by NVIDIA the way it’s done for our PC business.
