Jen-Hsun Huang: Rick, if you go back a year ago when the company first recognized this issue and we recorded a charge in the second quarter same time a year ago, that was based upon an estimate at that time that -- it included a number of factors that the company had to estimate and didn’t have a lot of data on it at that point. At that point, we only had one OEM customer that we entered into negotiations with but here we stand a year later and we’ve substantially negotiated agreements with almost all of the affected OEMs. We have more specific information as it relates to what the repair costs will be, not only our customers but other parties that are part of the ecosystem for supplying those products. So today we feel much more confident about our estimate, the range around that estimate. It is still an estimate. I won't say it will never change but we feel pretty good about the data we have today and our ability to estimate it at this point.  As it relates to the second part of your question, if you look at the people that are focused on the [bump crack] issue, it’s really a small, very small portion of the company. The company -- the vast majority of the company are really focusing on the future of our business with very little distraction by [bump crack]. Certainly it’s a distraction for some of our customers and so forth. It really isn’t impacting the company or our ability to launch new products and for those products to be accepted in the marketplace. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: And as we ramp up, Rick, as we ramp up our other businesses like TESLA and TEGRA, which are inherently higher gross margin products, our gross margin is going to continue to improve but the major factor is as you recall, several quarters ago we had nearly 150 days worth of inventory and a lot of that inventory was in 65-nanometer and the company has been really focused on making sure that we work through that 65-nanometer inventory and now we by and large worked through it and as we are now ramping aggressively 55- and 40-nanometer products and they are all fresh products, the gross margins are going to be much, much better with that.  Related to increasing margins or increasing share, the answer is yes on both. I mean, we believe we can increase margins by driving efficiency in our company and even though the velocity of this -- of the GPU business is incredibly high, we believe that extraordinary excellence can improve margins and you’ve seen us do that before.  And on the other hand, we can increase the premium of our products in the marketplace above where it is today. Almost every single segment, there’s a premium on our product and yet we continue to capture a very significant part of the market share and the reason for that is because our products have a much better reputation and it’s always -- it’s had a history of delivering wonderful experiences and this is a much more desirable brand. And so we focus on making sure that the GeForce brand comes with it unique capabilities that other people don’t offer beyond just your basic graphics chip. And so you know that GeForce has the parallel computing capability called CUDA. It has PhsyX processing so that games could be much more dynamic and beautiful, and also this 3D vision investment that we are making that we’ve been talking about. It’s going to turn into a watershed event towards the end of the year [and over to the next]. And this is -- you know that the entire film industry is moving towards stereovision and everybody is looking for ways to bring that capability or that experience to the home. And 3D vision is a pioneer in that space and from a technology investment perspective, we’re just miles and miles ahead.  And so these kinds of innovative ideas are going to continue to help us drive our value in the marketplace and yet still grow our share. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We’ve not noticed a shift, if you will, in attach rates per se. We know we have stronger attach rates in certain segments of the market than others for good reasons. For example, you heard in the comments that channel inventory is low. We keep our eyes on channel inventory because a vast majority of our discrete GPUs come from the channel, so although only 50% or maybe 40% of the world’s PCs come from tier two providers, system builders, and channel integrators. The vast majority of the discrete GPUs come from those 40% and the reason for that is because the system builders and the system integrators rely on NVIDIA's brand and the additional capabilities that our chip provides, our processor provides, to offset the tier one brands that they compete against, whereas the tier ones tend to focus on the benefits of their own brand and utilize lower cost components related to, in this particular case, integrated graphics.  So our attach has historically been higher in system builders than the OEMs anyhow but -- and that really -- hasn’t really shifted or changed for our perspective. And going forward, I think that all of the road signs are starting to become more clear. We’ve been evangelizing this idea called GPU computing for some time and it’s a very logical and common-sensical idea that they have to use the right tool or the right processor for the right job. And programs, modern applications today have a lot of instruction parallel parts of the software program but there’s an enormous amount of data parallel parts of the program. And in the data parallel processor part of it, which could have been 3D graphics which we offloaded immediately and historically onto the GPU, but increasingly it’s related to video and images and search and those kind of -- types of applications, in which case we created a parallel processor, a general purpose architecture called CUDA so that applications can offload that.  And so you are now starting to see more and more people talk about GPU computing. In fact, I think that there’s almost no one that I know of in the computer industry who would tell you now that GPU computing or in general called heterogeneous computing is not the future of the computer architecture from industry analysts to Microsoft to Apple Computer -- you know, almost anyone who is developing the future of the computer architecture will openly admit that heterogeneous computing is finally here and it’s the right approach going forward. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think the general buzz around the industry is that we are by far the largest producers of 40-nanometer today and I think that that’s probably consistent. We have shipped more and earlier than just about anybody, and we haven’t spoken a lot about our 40-nanometer products because we have fabulous products that we are currently shipping and so we tend not to pre-announce products until the customers are really shipping themselves, and so we are ramping our 40-nanometer product now. By Q4, it will represent a very large portion of our revenue. It certainly won't represent the vast majority of it.  Early next year I think it will continue to grow and my expectation is by about the Q3 timeframe, it will represent the vast majority of our products -- Q3 time for next year. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our gross margins are higher on 40-nanometer products because they are fresher products and the die sizes are lower, are smaller and so they tend to be -- they tend to be more cost effective for us. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I will just take a couple of pieces of that. I think they are in general related to gross margin and such. Our Quadro business appears to have normalized or stabilized and certainly the feeling that we are getting from our enterprise customers reflects what other people are seeing out in the marketplace, that the general economy appears to have stabilized some an that the automobile industry, which is a very large consumer of workstations appears to be in better health.  There are other growth markets now for the workstation market. Medical imaging is a very large part of it. Medical is -- and medical research benefits a great deal from a lot of recent attention.  We also aren’t just waiting for the overall economy to come back, as I’ve discussed earlier. We are creating new products that allow people to do new things that weren’t possible before. This Optics raytracing engine, real-time raytracing engine that runs on CUDA GPUs is really a groundbreaking idea, is a groundbreaking capability. We have 40 beta sites going there and when they deploy, they deploy in relatively large configurations because it’s -- the type of models or the visualization task is quite significant. And those could -- those 40 beta sites are just as many as we can support. You know, the number of companies out there who would like to accelerate their time to market through better visualization of their designs is -- well, you could imagine how many that would be. It literally would be every single company in the world would like to do that.  And so this is something that is of great importance and we’re driving that pretty hard.  We also know that high resolution displays and projectors are becoming more affordable than ever. The Sony 4K projectors, digital projectors are very affordable and people need scalable resolution, scalable visualization solutions to be able to address that and so we created a new product called Quadro SVS. And the Quadro SVS virtualizes both the application as well as the display, so you could literally run one application across up to four GPUs completely virtualized and invisibly, and then you can take the output of that and literally drive it up to 32 million pixels without the application ever knowing anything about it. And so this virtualization technology both at the GPU level as well as the display level is a groundbreaking idea and it’s something that we are really excited about.  So we’re going to try to -- we believe that innovation drives growth and we can drive growth irrespective of the economy but the economy certainly has stabilized. So that’s certainly a very important part of our growth factors.  In terms of TESLA, the computing market is a multi-billion dollar market. The reason why TESLA has been adopted by literally every single computer company in the world is because they see the same opportunity we see. People are evaluating and developing software now for TESLA for broad deployment all over the globe and people are looking for ways to improve their computational horsepower per dollar to reduce cost or more importantly to reduce power. TESLA servers consumers nearly 20 times less power than a conventional CPU server and the reason for that is because of the amount of performance that you get out of it.  You know, when I said earlier doing the right job with the right tool, it’s an efficiency statement. If you do that, you will reduce power, you will reduce cost, and you will get things done faster.  And so I think TESLA is going to be a very important growth driver for us as well for next year.  And then on Windows 7, Windows 7 is -- my expectation is that the adoption of GPUs will go up and the adoption of GPUs will go up because very simply that if the operating system allows applications to take advantage of the parallel processor in your PC, they will take advantage of it and when they take advantage of it, the GPU is the right answer. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yeah, in fact, Joanne, thanks for that question. It’s probably the greatest opportunity I have seen in the GPU business in the last 10 years. And the reason for that is because, and we’ve said this as a high level theme for some time, it just had to play out.  You know, the challenge of integrating graphics into a chipset or into a CPU that has very long design cycles is that by definition, you’ll have to integrate many year old technology into a single chip. And this GPU computing idea that we’ve been evangelizing for three years, some companies really, really didn’t believe it. They really believed in central processing. And as a result of that, they under-invested in the graphics technology that goes into these Capellas and future CPUs with integrated graphics.  And so Windows 7 has direct compute. OS 10 has OpenCL. Linux and others have CUDA. And people are developing parallel computing applications all over the world. You see it, we see it, and every OEM sees it and so the only way to really accelerate or even do a reasonable job at those applications is to add a GPU next to it.  So it doesn’t really matter where the display comes from. The display just drives the monitor. The basic 2D graphics or the basic 3D graphics just drives the monitor. The parallel processing, the programmable shading and all of those other things will come from another processor and we just call that processor the GPU.  So I think the adoption is in fact going to be quite high when the CPUs integrate basic graphics that are not good enough for the modern operating systems. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we don’t actually expect much loss in our chipset business next year. We have quite a few exciting projects that we are still working on and people are pushing us really hard to get more chipsets done. So we’re not expecting the decline of it but we are expecting adoption to increase for GPUs next year. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, you didn’t say -- in your question about chipsets, you didn’t ask specifically about the future and neither did I comment about that and so it’s not related -- it’s just not related.  We’re not -- let me just -- we’re not necessarily building chipsets for future Intel buses. We’ve not commented anything on that and so you are just going to have to wait to see what we come up with and I think that, Joanna, you’ve known us for quite a long time now and the one thing that you can probably say about our company is we are pretty darn clever. There is a lot of ways to skin the cat and we are going to show you more ways to skin the cat than you can shake at and so you just have to wait.  Unfortunately, I can't give you the punch line and you just have to wait for the big surprise. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we have Ion projects that are still coming to market and ramping into production, so my sense is that Ion will still be a growth business for us and so we are going to have to just wait and see how the market adoptions are. We have quite a few projects that we are still ramping.  The chipset business, the definition of a chipset is just a companion processor or a companion chip to the CPU and we have a lot of companion chips to the CPU that enhances the overall experience.  You know, our focus is really very simple -- to enhance the computing experience over the baseline capabilities that Intel or AMD provides, and so if I generalized a statement like that, the smart people will come up with all kinds of great ideas and we have some really exciting things that we are doing for next year. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: It’s actually kind of interesting -- in a way, we only do well on AMD chipsets when AMD’s low-end CPUs or mainstream CPUs do well. And so our -- part of that question, part of the answer for that question depends on how well AMD does. And so we are rooting for them and we’d like them to do well.  On the other hand, we have Ion processors that are companions to Intel CPUs and so we are rooting for them too. And so we are just rooting for everybody. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we are always going to compete for the business out there and we follow two basic, maybe three basic rules -- one is that we always look for ways to innovate. The competition has a basic graphics chip and they’ll sell it at the lowest possible price to gain share. We will tend to take a slightly different strategy all the time. We are always looking to innovate and create new value that we can bring to the users and in exchange hope that they would reward us with a higher premium. The GeForce brand across the board has a higher premium almost at every single segment and we hope that they will recognize the benefits of the work that we’ve done with 3D stereo and CUDA and PhsyX so that they will continue to reward us for the value that we bring.  On the other hand, we’ll fight hard for business and we’ve had to be competitive out there and we are realistic about market conditions and we are realistic about the competition and so we’ll continue to fight for our business.  And then the last lever is continue to drive costs down in our company and do the things that are in the control of our company to improve our margins. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: It must be. It’s got to be. My sense is that the requirement for design tools to create products to solve problems in research to discover new signs, you know, I think that those -- the demand didn’t perish. I’m certain we didn’t lose any market share and so it must be because demand was held up, our spending was held up because of cost containment reasons.  We are starting to feel the benefits and some of the early signs of the stimulus program kicking in, and so I think whether it’s in industry or in science, in the academia, we are starting to feel much, much more positive energy relating to upgrades and new machines.  But we are also, like I said earlier, we are going to innovate our way out of it either way and if the market comes back, we’ll just get the double whammy and I can't wait until Quadro goes back to our historical levels of $200 million, $250 million a quarter. And if we add that, add to that all of the new capabilities that we are creating, as well as TESLA, I think our enterprise business could be really, really significant and so -- but we are just going to focus on innovation and when the purchasing power comes back, they are going to have a lot of new things to buy. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, the notebook business is very competitive and it’s a combination of a lot of things and I forget exactly what the reason was when we lost some share. Sometimes we don’t have the appetite to go for the prices that are needed to win, sometimes the competition just has a better offering, or sometimes the competition is already designed in and so it was just easier to transition to the new platform.  So there’s a variety of different reasons that -- and there’s only one way to win and about 10,000 ways to lose, and so looking forward, we know what sockets we’ve already won and the ramp of 40-nanometers will play a big role and hopefully we come back, and so we are looking forward to that.  And then going forward, we just have to invent new ideas and new capabilities that really delight our customers and break new ground, and we’ll win [inaudible] as a result of that. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I think we -- we’re not particularly -- we don’t have any particular better insight into the economy than you do but I think that the notion of seasonality really needs to be challenged or reset with the new economy. Thinking about the previous season and these seasons, just it makes no sense. It’s a new world out there now and so we are just looking at business every single day and we guide to what we think is the most prudent and the best of our ability and it is what it is. Compared to what some other companies have guided, it appears to be quite good and so we’re just going to have to play it out and see how it turns out. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: This is the third Siggraph that they’ve talked about Larabie and we paid attention to the last two. I have to admit that I didn’t pay much attention this time. Not because I don’t care -- we were just really busy. So if you hear anything, let me know but I’ve not heard anything from the grapevines.  The important thing is that they -- they now recognize that parallel computing is too important not to invest in and it’s also clear that parallel computing is very hard otherwise they would have taken so long to build it. And to efficiently auto parallelize applications and make it easy for programmers to achieve the level of parallelism that is inherently possible in the silicon is really, really hard work and it’s something that we’ve spent the last 15 years of our company and for many of us, many of the industry, many of the experts in our company, some 30 years of their careers working on this problem. And so it’s not something that just because somebody wants to throw a bunch of CPUs together is going to make it happen, and so I think one, they recognize the importance of it; two, it apparently is very hard; and then three, I can’t wait to see Larabie like anybody else. After all this talk, I’m just dying to see it and so when I see it, you’ll be the first to know. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I’ll let David take the second part and I’ll just take the first part real quick because that one is easy -- we’re seeing strength right now pretty much across the board. David. 
David White: So on your first question as it relates to GPU margins, you know, we -- as I indicated in my comments, we have a number of products that cut across a number of different process nodes and this quarter, we were able to move more of our business into the 55-nanometer process node, so that changed the mix. And probably overall, it was at least a point you might say in the improvement we saw quarter over quarter. 
David White: On the gross margin outlook, there’s probably three or so significant pieces of our strategy going forward to increase that. Certainly as you mentioned the 40-nanometer ramp will be an important element of that as Jen-Hsun just commented on a second ago.  The second will be the ramp of TEGRA and TESLA, which are both relatively two new platforms for the company, as they become a larger piece of our mix, their margins today and we expect to continue to be above what our corporate average is and so they will tend to lift the overall margins for the company.  Quadro at the same time carries higher margins than the aggregate for the company and so as the economic climate of our economy and so forth rebounds and as those two products, TESLA and TEGRA ramp, our overall mix is going to be very favorably impacted in our favor.  So we should see our margins continue to improve over the foreseeable -- you know, next four quarters or so. Will there necessarily be hiccups in the way? No one can guarantee that there won't be but clearly those are the important elements of our strategy and as they get executed on and we think that our [inaudible] will continue to make progress.  On the operating expense side, we’ve indicated previously that our objectives were to get our total operating expense down in the $265 million-ish range. Today we ended roughly at that level but in our guidance, we obviously said it was going to go back up and so when you look at some of the reasons for that going back up, they are dictated by some of the litigation expenses that are going on which clearly won't go on forever. It’s dictated by a convergence of a number of new products offerings that are all happening at the same time which obviously increased some of our expenses in the current quarter.  So I think we will continue to see expenses to come down from the 280 level but it will probably just be a little bit slower than what we initially anticipated it would be. 
David White: Probably for this year somewhere in the 4% or 5% range. Next year, well, it’s anyone’s guess depending on what happens with tax legislation but I think it would still be in the 10% type of range. 
David White: Well they are both obviously up quarter over quarter and if you’re looking from an outlook standpoint, we’re anticipating them being up again as well. From an ASP standpoint, it’s kind of -- our ASPs are kind of a -- greatly influenced by the mix of the product that we are selling and so we tend to -- we tend to have product shifts that tend to maintain ASP in each of the three mainstream performance enthusiast categories we try and support.  So I don’t know that there’s necessarily a strong indicator directionally one way or the other as it relates to ASPs in the GPU segment. 
David White: You know, when you look at it from a mix standpoint, the mix factors into that so when you look at it by those three segments that I was saying, yes, they are up in two of those segments and modestly down in the third. 
