Colette Kress: Yes. Thanks for the question. Let me first start with the sell-through on our gaming business. we had indicated, if you put two quarters together, we would see approximately $5 billion in normalized sell-through for our business. Now, during the quarter, sell-through in Q3 three was relatively solid. We've indicated that although China lockdowns continue to channel -- excuse me, challenge our overall China business. It was still relatively solid. Notebook sell-through was also quite solid. And desktop, a bit softer, particularly in that China and Asia areas. We expect though stronger end demand, though, as we enter into Q4, driven by the upcoming holidays, as well as the continuation of the ADA adoption.
Colette Kress: Thanks for the question, Chris. So as we highlighted in our prepared remarks, we booked an entry of $702 million for inventory reserves within the quarter. Most of that, primarily, all of it is related to our data center business, just due to the change in expected demand looking forward for China. So when we look at the data center products, a good portion of this was also the A100, which we wrote down. Now, looking at our inventory that we have on hand and the inventory that has increased, a lot of that is just due to our upcoming architectures coming to market. our ADA architecture, our hopper architecture and even more in terms of our networking business. We have been building for those architectures to come to market and as such to say. We are always looking at our inventory levels at the end of each quarter for our expected demand going forward. But I think we've done a solid job that we used in this quarter just based on that expectation going forward.
Colette Kress: Sure. So let me talk about the first statement that you indicated. Most of our data center business that we see is we're working with customers specifically on their needs to build out accelerated computing and AI. It's just not a business in terms of where units are being held for that. They're usually four very, very specific products and projects that we see. So I'm going to answer no. Nothing that we can see. Your second question regarding the inventory provisions. At the end of last quarter, we were beginning to see softness in China. We've always been looking at our needs long term. It's not a statement about the current quarter in inventory, as you can see. It usually takes two or three quarters for us to build product for the future demand. So that's always a case of the inventory that we are ordering. So now looking at what we've seen in terms of continued lockdowns, continued economy challenges in China it was time for us to take a hard look of what do we think we'll need for data center going forward and not leg for write-downs.
Colette Kress: Yes. So your question is regarding the sequentials from Q3 to our guidance that we provided for Q4. As we are seeing the numbers in terms of our guidance, you're correct, is only growing about $100 million. And we've indicated that three of those platforms will likely grow just a little bit. But our pro visualization business we think is going to be flattish and likely not growing as we're still working on correcting the channel inventory levels. to get to the right amount. It's very difficult to say which will have that increase. But again, we are planning for all three of those different market platforms to grow just a little bit.
Colette Kress: Thank you for the question. So looking at our compute for the quarter is about flattish. Yes, we're seeing also growth growth in terms of our networking, but you should look at our Q3 compute is about flatters with last quarter.
Colette Kress: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. Let me clarify a little bit in terms of what we believe we should be looking at when we go forward and discussing our data center business. Our data center business is becoming larger and larger and our customers are complex. And when we talk about hyperscale, we tend to talk about seven, eight different companies. But the reality is there's a lot of very large companies that we could add to that discussion based on what they're purchasing. Additionally, looking at the cloud, looking at our cloud purchases and what our customers are building for the cloud is an important area to focus on because this is really where our enterprise is where our researchers, where our higher education is also purchasing. So we're trying to look for a better way to describe the color of what we're seeing in the cloud and also give you a better understanding of some of these large installments that we're seeing in the hyperscales.
Colette Kress: Sure. When we look at our supply constraints that we have had in the past, each and every quarter, this is getting better Networking was one of our issues probably a year ago, and it has taken us probably to this quarter. and next quarter to really see our supply improved so that we can support the pipeline that we have for our customers that are -- now that's our supply. We've also made a discussion regarding our customers, supply constraints, issues when setting up a data center, even getting data center capacity has been very difficult. And therefore, that challenges them in their purchasing decisions as they're still looking for certain parts of that supply chain to come through. So that hopefully clarifies what we were talking about regarding two areas of supply. In our stock-based compensation, what we'll see, it's very difficult to predict what our stock-based compensation would be when it arrives. We have provided to our incoming employees but also once a year to our employees, and it's a single date in terms of when that is priced. So it's difficult to determine, but stock-based compensation is an important part of our employees' compensation and will continue to be. So we look at it from an overall compensation perspective. So up until now and when we do the focal, we'll see about the same size with a few additions for the reduced level of employee hiring that we have right now.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Vivek, our data center business is indexed to two fundamental dynamics. The first has to do with general purpose computing no longer scaling. And so, acceleration is necessary to achieve the necessary level of cost efficiency scale and energy efficiency scale so that we can continue to increase workloads while saving money and saving power. Accelerated computing is recognized generally as the path forward as general purpose computing slows. The second dynamic is AI. And we're seeing surging demand in some very important sectors of AIs in important breakthroughs in AI. One is called deep recommender systems, which is quite essential now to the best content or item or product to recommend to somebody who's using a device that is like a selfie or interacting with a computer just using voice. You need to really understand the nature, the context of the person making the request and make the appropriate recommendation to them. The second has to do with large language models. This is -- this started several years ago with the invention of the transformer, which led to Bert, which led to GP3, which led to a whole bunch of other models now associated with that. We now have the ability to learn representations of languages of all kinds. It could be human language. It could be the language of biology. It could be the language of chemistry. And recently, I just saw a breakthrough called Jeans LM, we just one of the first example of learning the language of human genomes. The third has to do with generative AI. You know that the first 10 years, we've dedicated ourselves to perception AI. But the goal of perception, of course, is to understand context. But the ultimate goal of AI is to make a contribution to create something to generate product. And this is now the beginning of the era of generative AI. You probably see it all over the place, whether they're generating images or generating videos or generating text of all kinds and the ability to augment our performance to enhance our performance to make productivity enhanced to reduce cost and improve whatever we do with whatever we have to work with, productivity is really more important than ever. And so, you could see that our company is indexed to two things, both of which are more important than ever, which is power efficiency, cost efficiency and then, of course, productivity. And these things are more important than ever. And my expectation is that we're seeing all the strong demand and surging demand for AI and for niche reasons.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. Thanks, CJ. We're making excellent progress in NVIDIA AI enterprise. In fact, you saw probably that we made several announcements this quarter associated with clouds. You know that NVIDIA has a rich ecosystem. And over the years, our rich ecosystem and our software stack has been integrated into developers and start-ups of all kinds, but more so -- more than ever, we're at the tipping point of clouds, and that's fantastic. Because if we could get NVIDIA's architecture and our full stack into every single cloud, we could reach more customers more quickly. And this quarter, we announced several initiatives, one has several partnerships and collaborations, one that we announced today, which has to do with Microsoft and our partnership there. It has everything to do with scaling up AI because we have so many start-ups clamoring for large installations of our GPU so that they could do large language model training and building their start-ups and scale out of AI to enterprise and all of the world's Internet service providers. Every company we're talking to would like to have the agility and the scale, flexibility of clouds. And so, over the last year or so, we've been working on moving all of our software stacks to the cloud are of our platform and software stacks to the cloud. And so, today, we announced that Microsoft and ourselves are going to standardize on the NVIDIA stack, for a very large part of the work that we're doing together so that we could take a full stack out to the world's enterprise. That's all software included. We, a month ago, announced the same similar type of partnership with Oracle. You also saw that rescale a leader in high-performance computing cloud has integrated NVIDIA AI into their stack. [Inaudible] has been integrated into GCP. And we announced recently Nemo, large language model and bionemo large language model to put NVIDIA software in the cloud. And we also announced Omniverse is now available in the cloud. The goal of all of this is to move the NVIDIA platform full stack off boarding the cloud so that we can engage customers much, much more quickly and customers could engage our software if they would like to use it in the cloud, it's per GPU instance hour if they would like to utilize our software on-prem, they could do it through software license. And so, license and subscription. And so, in both cases, we now have software available practically everywhere you would like to engage it. The partners that we work with are super excited about it because MBDA's rich ecosystem is global, and this could bring both new consumption into their cloud for both them and ourselves, but also connect all of these new opportunities to the other APIs and other services that they offer. And so, our software stack is making really great progress.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Grace's data moving capability is off the charts. Grace also is memory coherent to our GPU, which allows our GPU to expand its effective GPU memory, fast GPU memory by a factor of 10. That's not possible without special capabilities that are designed between hopper and Grace and the architecture of Grace. And so, it was designed. Grace is designed for very large data processing at very high speeds. Those applications are related to, for example, data processing is related for recommender systems, which operates on petabytes of live data at a time. It's all hot. It all needs to be fast, so that you can make a recommendation within milliseconds to hundreds of millions of people using our service. It is also quite effective at AI training, machine learning. And so, those kind of applications are really terrific. We -- Grace, I think I've said before that we will have production samples in Q1, and we're still on track to do that.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. If I could take that. First, thanks for your question. Our networking, as you know, is heavily indexed to high-performance computing. We're not -- we don't serve the vast majority of commodity networking. All of our network solutions are very high end, and they're designed for data centers that move a lot of data. Now, if you have a hyperscale data center these days, and you are deploying a large number of AI applications. It is very likely that the network bandwidth that you provision has a substantial implication on the overall throughput of your data center. So the small incremental investment they make in high-performance networking translates to billions of dollars of savings slightly in provisioning the service or billions of dollars more throughput, which increases their economics. And so, these days, with disaggregated and I application, AI provisioning and data centers, high-performance networking is really quite fantastic and it pays for itself right away. But that's where we are focused in high-performance networking and provisioning AI services in -- well, the AI applications that we focus on. You might have noticed that NVIDIA and Microsoft are building one of the largest AI infrastructures in the world. And it is completely powered by NVIDIA's InfiniBand 400 gigabits per second network. And the reason for that is because that network pays for itself instantaneously. The investment that you're going to put into the infrastructure is so significant that if you were to be dragged by slow networks, obviously, the efficiency of the overall infrastructure is not as high. And so, in the places where we focus networking is really quite important. It goes all the way back to when we first announced the acquisition of Mellanox. I think at the time, they were doing about a few hundred million dollars a quarter, about $400 million a quarter. And now we're doing what they used to do in the old days, in a year, practically coming up in a quarter. And so, that kind of tells you about the growth of high-performance networking. It is an indexed to overall enterprise and data center spend but it is highly indexed to AI adoption.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. Thanks, Erin. The math is like this. If you're going to spend $20 billion on an infrastructure and the efficiency of that overall data center is improved by 10%. The numbers are huge. And when we do these large language models and recommender systems, the processing is done across the entire data center. And so, we distribute the workload across multiple GPUs, multiple nodes and it runs for a very long time. And so, the importance of the network can be overemphasized. And so, the difference of 10% in overall improvement in efficiency, which is very to achieve. The difference between NVIDIA's InfiniBand, the entire software stack with what we call Magnum IO, which allows us to do computing in the network itself. A lot of software is running in the network itself, not just moving data around. We call it in-network computing because a ton of software is done at the edge at the -- within the network itself. We achieved significant differences in overall efficiency. And so, if you're spending billions of dollars on the infrastructure, or even hundreds of millions of dollars of interest on the infrastructure. The difference is really quite profound.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Ambrish, A800 hardware, the hardware of ensures that it always meets U.S. government's clear test for export control. And it cannot be customer reprogrammed or application reprogrammed to exceed it. It is hardware limited. It is in the hardware that determines 800s capabilities. And so, it meets the clear test in letter and in spirit. We raised the concern about the $400 million of A100s because we were uncertain about whether we could execute. The introduction of A800 to our customers and through our supply chain in time. The company did remarkable feeds to swarm this situation and make sure that our business was not affected and our customers were not affected. But A800 hardware surely ensures that it always meets U.S. government's clear tests for export control.
Jen-Hsun Huang: H-100 ramp is different than the A100 ramp in several ways. The first is that the TCO, the cost benefits, the operational cost benefits because of the energy savings because every data center is now Power Limited. And because of this incredible transformer engine that's designed for the latest AI models. The performance over Ampere is so significant that I -- and because of the pent-up demand for hopper because of these new models that are that I spoke about earlier, deep recommender systems and large language models and generative AI models. Customers are clamoring to ramp hopper as quickly as possible, and we are trying to do the same. We are all hands on deck to help the cloud service providers stand up the supercomputers. Remember, I is the only company in the world that produces and ships semi-custom supercomputers in high volume. It's a miracle to ship one supercomputer every three years. it's unheard of to ship supercomputers to every cloud service provider in a quarter. And so, we're working hand with every one of them, and every one of them are racing to stand up hoppers. We expect them to have hopper cloud services stood up in Q1. And so, we are expecting to ship some volume, we're expecting to ship production in Q4, and then we're expecting to ship large volumes in Q1. That's a faster transition than MPIR. And so, it's because of the dynamics that I described.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. Let me double click on what Colette just said, which is absolutely right. There are two major dynamics that's happening. First, the adoption of NVIDIA in Internet service companies around the world, the number and the scale by which they're doing it has grown a lot. Internet service companies. And these are Internet service companies that offer services, but they're not public cloud computing companies. The second factor has to do with cloud computing. We are now at the tipping point of cloud computing. Almost every enterprise in the world has both a cloud-first and a multi-cloud strategy. It is exactly the reason why all of the announcements that we made this year -- this quarter, this last quarter since GTC about all the new platforms that are now available in the cloud. a CSP, a hyperscaler is both -- are two things to us, therefore, a hyperscaler can be a sell to customer. They are also a cell with partner on the public cloud side of their business. Because of the richness of NVIDIA's ecosystem because we have so many Internet service customers and enterprise customers using NVIDIA's full stack. The public cloud side of their business really enjoys and values the partnership with us and the cell with relationship they have with us. And it's pretty clear now that for all of the hyperscalers, the public cloud side of their business will likely would very likely be the vast majority of their overall consumption. And so, because the world CSPs, the world's public clouds is only at the early innings of their enterprise to lifting enterprise to the cloud world it's very, very clear that the public cloud side of the business is going to be very large. And so, increasingly, our relationship with CSPs, our relationship with hyperscalers will -- will include, of course, continuing to sell to them for internal consumption but very importantly, sell with for the public cloud side.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We don't expect to see blockchain being an important part of our business down the road. There is always a resell market. If you look at any of the major resell sites, eBay, for example, there are secondhand graphics cards for sale all the time. And the reason for that is because a 3090 that somebody bought today, is upgraded to a 4090 or 3090 by a couple of years ago, it was up are until 4090 today. That 3090 could be sold to somebody and enjoyed it sold at the right price. And so, the volume of -- the availability of secondhand and used graphics cards has always been there. And the inventory is never zero. and when the inventory is larger than usual, like all supply demand, it would likely drift lower price and affect the lower ends of our market. But my sense is that where we're going right now with ADA is targeting very clearly in the upper range, the top half of our market. And and early signs are, and I'm sure you're also seeing that the ADA launch was a home run. That we shipped a large volume of 4090s because as you know, we were prepared for it. And yet within minutes, they were sold out around the world. And so, the reception of 4090 and the reception of 4080 today has been off the charts. And that says something about the strength and the health and the vibrancy of the gaming market. So we're super enthusiastic about the ADA launch. We have many more ad products to come.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Thanks, everyone. We are quickly adapting to the macro environment. Correcting inventory levels, offering alternative products to data center customers in China and keeping our opex flat for the next few quarters. Our new platforms are off to a great start and formed the foundation for our resumed growth. MRTX is reinventing 3D graphics with ray tracing and AI. The launch of [Inaudible] is phenomenal. Gamers waited in long lines around the world, 4090 stocks sold out quickly. Hopper, with its revolutionary transformer engine is just in time to meet the surging demand for recommender systems, large language models and generative AI. NVIDIA networking is synonymous with the highest data center throughput and enjoying record results. Oren is the world's first computing platform designed for AI-powered autonomous vehicles and robotics and putting automotive on the road to be our next multibillion-dollar platform. These computing platforms run NVIDIA AI and NVIDIA Omniverse, software libraries and engines that help the companies build and deploy AI to products and services. we this pioneering work and accelerated computing is more vital than ever. Limited by business, general purpose commuting has slowed to a crawl just as AI demands more computing. Scaling through general purchase computing alone is no longer viable, both from a cost or power standpoint. Accelerated computing is the path forward. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
