Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah. Vivek, first of all, thanks. Well, I think that we've been consistent that our PC gaming business is driven by several factors. The first factor is the great AAA titles that are coming out with ever increasingly graphics production value. The second is just the number of eSports players that are growing around the world. And it's a very social phenomenon. The more of your friends are joining eSports, the more you have to join eSports, so that you can hang out with your friends. The third is the developing countries. One of the things about PC gaming and overall gaming is that you really need to have broadband access anymore so that you can download these amazing games. And so, as broadband adoption continues to grow in the developing countries, the PC is really the best way to get into gaming. It's a platform that you need for your daily lives anyways, and surely most young people need it for school. And so that's been helpful. All of those factors have increased both the units as well as the ASPs that we're enjoying. If you look at the size of the overall market, I think it's probably fair to say that we're not fully penetrated. And our expectation is that as we look into next year, all of the great games that are coming out, whether it's Call of Duty that's coming out, or Star Wars that's coming out, or Assassin's Creed or Tomb Raider, surely everybody's quite excited about VR coming out in the beginning of next year. So I think there are several growth drivers that are still quite powerful and our expectation is that this is going to be a large market going forward.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, the guidance that we provide is the guidance that we think is best and balanced. And we'll see how the quarter plays out. But the growth drivers in our business overall, gaming is a growth driver, and we just mentioned some of the dynamics that are underlying it. Data centers is a growth driver for us and I'm sure we'll be talking more about that during the conference call. And then third, the automotive business is a growth driver for us. And so we have several growth drivers, but at this point, our guidance is the best we have to offer.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, first of all, Mark, we are over the top excited about virtual reality. There's nobody at NVIDIA who is low key about it. There's no question that when you enjoy the Oculus headset with GeForce GTX 980 or GeForce GTX Titan the experience is unbelievable. And recently we even produced a whole family of notebooks that are able to enjoy VR directly from the notebook. And so we're super excited about VR. The sense of presence that you have in enjoying VR headsets whether it's from Oculus or Valve's Vive, it's really fantastic. We also see that the application of VR is quite sweeping. Of course, we're quite enthusiastic about games and the games that we've seen are really amazing. But it's used for industrial design, architectural design, it's used for, whether it's medical imaging, even scientific computing. We're seeing entertainment, large-scale entertainment, large format entertainment. And so we're seeing all kinds of applications from places all over the world. We're tracking over 250 companies now that are working with us on VR and it ranges everywhere from video games to entertainment, to professional graphics, as I've mentioned. Our approach is to provide a platform by which the entire VR industry can be built upon and so we call it our DesignWorks VR for our enterprise products, our professional products, and GameWorks VR for our consumer products. And by connecting to our APIs and connecting to our SDK, the performance and the experience is just phenomenal. Now, maybe your question is much more related to financial. And I guess our approach there is to be enthusiastic about the work that we are doing, to support the entire industry as it moves into VR. We are engaged deeply with the industry in doing so. I think that we built the premier platform for VR for both PC gaming as well as professional graphics. As far as financial is concerned, realize that the shipment hasn't really started yet and I think it's prudent to wait and see. But my expectation long-term is that VR is going to be a very powerful growth driver for us. That is almost undeniable at this point based on everything that we've seen and all the effort that's going into it.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: I guess in the end, it's hard to predict. There's only a few things that we do know. The first principles of what we know are that the gaming market overall is growing. The number of eSports players is continuing to grow. The number of countries, developing countries, that are now able to bring more people into gaming is growing as they continue to adopt broadband. The production value of the video games are just amazing. Boy, if you just look at Star Wars and Assassin's Creed and Call of Duty and Tomb Raider, I mean, they're almost cinematic. And so our expectation is that these factors combined is going to continue to drive the gaming market forward. And so we'll see from quarter-to-quarter how they do, but at the moment everywhere in the world, we're just seeing gaming to be quite vibrant.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, thanks a lot, Stephen. First of all, our automotive business is growing quite robustly and year-over-year it's grown over 50%. And our expectation is that it's going to continue to grow through next year and a couple years of after that. Meanwhile, there are two very important dynamics that are happening in the car industry that is very favorable for us. One dynamic has to do with the central car computer. It is very clear now that your future car will be software-defined. That there will likely be multiple operating systems. These operating systems will control graphics-rich experiences, that this centralized computer will be built like a data center so that it can be secure, it can be robust, it can be mission-critical. And software is going to play just a huge role in it. And so when the car becomes more and more computerized, more than just digital, more than just electronic, but it's computerized and that it's software-rich, it plays into our hands, because we're such a great software company. We know system software incredibly well and software capability is one of our major differentiating advantages. It's one of the reasons why we're able to do what we do. The second dynamic is that whereas the first generation of driver assistance was made possible with radars and the second generation included cameras. The first generation of autonomous driving is about to come. Autonomous driving hasn't really made its way into the market yet. And we're seeing the early versions of that, but architectures that enable fully autonomous driving is yet to come. And this is an area where we really have a great deal of capability. It's going to require sensor fusion, it's going to require an enormous amount of software, it's going to require artificial intelligence and it's going to require the ability to support an open computing platform that NVIDIA is built upon. If you look at our accelerated computing platform, it's programmed by so many people in the world and this is a real advantage because car companies need the ability to develop their own artificial intelligence network so that they can ultimately own their driving experience. And so this is something that I think the new era of autonomous cars and autonomous vehicles is a great opportunity for us. So those two dynamics are going to be fundamental to the future growth of our automotive business.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, I appreciate that question. PC gaming, of course, is a powerful growth driver for us. Our automotive business is a growth driver for us. And I fully expect our data center business to be a growth driver for us. We've simplified our data center strategy over the course of last several quarters. Whereas we used to have multiple data center strategies, we now have basically one data center platform with multiple applications that drive it on top. The data center platform – accelerated data center platform is called Tesla. On top of it, we have multiple software stacks. The first software stack that we created was for high-performance computing for scientists to be able to do things like weather simulations and molecular dynamic simulations, and quantum chemistry simulations, to material simulations. And so, HPC, high-performance computing was our first stack. We also talked about GRID. GRID is our enterprise virtualization stack. We have GeForce NOW, which is our cloud gaming stack. And one of the things that's super important in the future is the work that we're going to do in hyperscale data centers that allowed cloud data centers to do their work around artificial intelligence and to take the pressure off of the enormous amount of new traffic that is swamping and flooding data centers from users generating their own video. Basically everybody's going to become a broadcaster. And there are PC gamers that are already broadcasting on a daily basis, and Twitch is the name by which we all know it by. But you're going to see YouTube Live. YouTube Live is doing incredibly well. And then, you're going to see applications like Meerkat and Periscope and there are more coming that basically lets almost everybody become a broadcaster. You're going to have billions of people broadcasting to billions of other people. And all of those videos today needs to be somehow processed. And our GPUs are really fantastic at that. And so, we have multiple applications, if you will, that sit on top of our data center platform. Now, the dynamics that I've mentioned some, one, one of the most important dynamics around data centers is Moore's Law needs a boost. We know now that Moore's Law is under some amount of pressure and it's not growing as fast as the industry needs it to. So Moore's Law needs a boost and that's really what Tesla is about. Tesla is an accelerated computing platform that boosts the microprocessor. So that's one dynamic. The second dynamic is what I mentioned, the global race to AI. The global race to AI, there's not one data center on the planet. There's not one cloud service on the planet. Frankly, there's not one application company on the planet that we know of, that's not trying to figure out how AI can completely revolutionize the applications that they provide. And then, of course, accelerating the cloud and making it possible for cloud to offer smart services and graphics-rich services, like the announcement that we recently did with Microsoft Azure. Azure now provides the NVIDIA GRID to power graphics accelerated applications as a service and we're super excited about that. So those dynamics are happening all in real-time and it's contributed to our sequential growth of 13%.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, Hans, first of all, thank you. Well, I think it's very clear at this point that boosting Moore's Law is an essential path forward that relying on CPUs alone for the entire workload of a data center is unrealistic and frankly unnecessary. There are no supercomputing centers that I know of that are not considering accelerated computing. And the reason for that is because just relying on traditional methods, unfortunately doesn't allow you to scale your data center in an efficient way anymore. There are no hyperscale data centers that I know of that aren't somehow overwhelmed and flooded by the user generated video content or the need to move to machine learning and artificial intelligence to provide smarter services. And so, these dynamics are putting a lot of pressure on data centers and it's one of the reasons why there's so much talk about new approaches for improving the throughput of these data centers, whether it's supercomputing data centers or hyperscale data centers across the board. And I think that's an enormous opportunity for us. This is an area that we have invested almost 10 years in. And as you know, I have been talking about accelerated data centers now for, well, 10 years. And this is an area that we are seeing a lot of momentum and as other people pursue other ideas, I think it's just an acknowledgment that this is really a good path forward. I think that in your question, you also specifically asked about FPGAs. FPGAs, we use FPGAs at NVIDIA. And we use FPGAs to do simulations and emulations of our products. FPGAs have been around a long time and they are perfect for certain applications. The challenge for – I guess the tradeoff is an FPGA is like it's designed. It's designed and configured on an array of transistors and gates, whereas a GPU is a full custom processor that is designed completely by hand. Whereas one FPGA is designed probably by a handful of engineers, a GPU is designed by thousands of engineers. And a GPU performing a task could be 100 times the frequency, 100 times the performance of that of a FPGA. It stands to reason that it's a result of handcraftsmanship and a processor that's designed to go very fast. And FPGA, however, can do specific tasks quite well. If you only want to do one or two things, you can surely limit the functionality and make an FPGA quite efficient. However, our perspective is that a data center doesn't do one or two things. A data center runs thousands of applications. A data center has video, has imaging. It has voice. It does machine learning. The algorithms are changing every day. Today, the algorithms are convolution neural nets, tomorrow, it has memory, and after that, it's recursive. And so the type of neural nets just keep growing and the algorithms just keep on moving forward. And so, our belief is that the vast array of applications and the evolution of the algorithms really makes a processor much much easier to adopt and much faster to increase the overall throughput of your data center. And so, we will see how it plays out, but at the moment, we are enjoying a lot of enthusiasm around accelerated computing.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, it's not very much right now, so it's not much to talk about. But I think that the way to think about it is this, SHIELD and GeForce NOW is our long-term bet on the future of gaming. When we look out in the future, I think there are two dynamics that I think are unquestionable. One dynamic is that Android is going to become more important in an operating system. Don't forget gaming is about computer gaming. Gaming is made possible because it's built on top of a computer architecture and Android is the most popular operating system in the world. And so, it's undeniable that it will become a major force in gaming some day and SHIELD is our bet in that. The second is that Cloud services application as a service and therefore video games as an application, as a service will eventually come. It took many years for Netflix to eventually become mainstream and my expectation is that it will take several years for GeForce NOW to become a popular all over the world. And so, those two dynamics, I think are largely unquestionable. The question is not so much if, the question is simply when. And then, maybe the next question is who? Who is best equipped to be able to bring this future into the world and we feel that as the world leader in visual computing and as one of the major platform leaders in video games today, that this is an area that we can really make a great contribution. It's a modest investment for us and we are thoughtful about the level that we invest to make sure that it times with long-term the opportunity. Okay? But if we were to recognize the revenues just to put it back into the original question, if we were to recognize the revenues, it would go into gaming.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, the revenue split is largely still PC desktops. I appreciate you bringing up the notebook work that we did. Maxwell, the GPU architecture that we created and the craftsmanship of the GPUs we made are so incredible that it's finally possible for a notebook to be able to deliver the same level of performance as a desktop and our timing was timed so that people who want to enjoy VR with a notebook can finally do it. And so the latest generation of notebooks with GTX 980 are just amazing. I mean, they are so many times more powerful than a game console. It fits in a space smaller than a game console and it can drive VR. Everything you want to do, every game you want to play is possible on that thin laptop. And so the enthusiasm behind our launch with GTX 980 has been really, really fantastic. I appreciate you recognizing it.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Sure. Thanks for the questions, Ambrish. Let me take it in reverse order. So first on IP. It's not over. The administrative law judge has opined that of the three patents that he had to rule on, that two were not infringed and one was infringed, but he opined invalid. Of course, we disagree with that, and we have submitted our rebuttal. And now all of that has to go to the commission, which is ultimately where the ruling happens. The next phase is for the commission to decide whether they want to review, and we hope they do and it's not uncommon that they do. And then in February timeframe, the commission would determine their judgment, and it is not uncommon at all to have the commission disagree with the administrative law judge. And so I think it's far from over and, therefore, I guess, it's not over. But I think that the higher level point is this. The higher level point is that our IP is very important to us. That invention as the world leader in our field is fundamental and core to our future. We have to invent the future. We are the world leader, after all. And from time to time, we may decide that as a one-off and strategically decide that we would defend our IP. And this is what we have done in this case. But it's not our business model. We don't litigate for our business model. We don't depend on licensing for our business model. And I hope that all of you on the call today don't invest in our company as a result of IP royalties. What I hope that you see is that we are quite a unique company, and we are a world leader in the space that we endeavor, that visual computing is more important than ever and applies to more industries than ever. And that our business model is really about selling products into vertical markets that are really exciting and quite vibrant and growing. And so I hope that you decide to invest on the basis of the products, the business model, and our special position in the marketplace. On the two questions related to Tesla and Quadro, as you know, Quadro is about design and it's about workstations, it's about manufacturing, it's about things that people make. And we are a very, very, very significant leader in this market. We make a great deal of contributions to this market, but it's also a mature market. And so the way that – our strategy for growing Quadro is very, very simple. We have to reinvent it, and we have to reinvent it by bringing new capabilities to it, and we have two that we're quite excited about. One is a new technology called Iray, and Iray is a brand new way of generating images that is photorealistic and physically accurate. It's almost like inventing the font of desktop publishing. What you see is what you will get. And it's just really quite amazing. And so I think Iray is going to rejuvenate the way that people do computer graphics and I hope that it will increase the size of the market, make it easier for people to design products and it will increase our ASPs quite significantly. Number two, VR. We have already mentioned before that from design to architectural design to medical imaging to scientific computing to large-scale entertainment, we're seeing that VR is going to be very important. So those two we hope will drive the future growth of Quadro and get it back on a growth track. As for Tesla, we grew 13% quarter-over-quarter. We declined year-over-year. Frankly, it didn't meet my expectation either. However, the fundamental dynamics, the reasons don't really matter here or there, but the fundamental dynamics are incredibly sound. And the groundswell around the fundamental dynamics is unquestionable. Moore's Law needs a boost. AI, every company on the planet is racing towards the future of AI and cloud computing needs to be accelerated with graphics as Microsoft Azure has demonstrated. And so my expectation is that we'll grow sequentially again and that the fundamental dynamics around Tesla is just really, really positive.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, sure. Well, first of all, we respect our competitors. We take our competition seriously. You know that as a company we compete pretty intensely. And this is a company that has seen a lot of competition over the years and so we take competition seriously, we respect the capabilities of our competition. However, I think it's also very, very clear that our business and our business model and our strategy is completely different than AMD and the PC graphics chip company we used to be a long time ago. And our company is just on a different trajectory. Our approach to building products is different. Our approach at go-to-market is different. Our approach in engaging the ecosystem is different. I can't imagine a more different company to tell you the truth. And so as much as we are always alert and paranoid about – and we don't take our position for granted and we are thoughtful about competition, we have our own work to do and we have our own platform to do and we have our own ecosystem to go and care for and nurture and push forward. And so I think that I appreciate the question, but I can't imagine a more different company, to tell you the truth.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, our guidance is the best guidance we think we should provide at this moment and we'll see how the market plays out. We're not in control of the market, as you know. But I think at the foundational level, we have multiple growth drivers. And some of them on some day exceeds our expectations and some of them don't exceed our expectation. But that's one of the benefits of our business model today. That's one of the benefits of our strategy today. We have multiple growth drivers in the company. PC gaming is a growth driver. Artificial intelligence is a growth driver. VR is a growth driver. Autonomous cars is a growth driver. And I really don't know of that many companies in the world that is working on these important dynamics in the industry that's going to shape the future of computing all together. So we have multiple growth drivers in our company. And I believe that those drivers are fundamentally sound and powerful. However, we'll see how they turn out at the end of the quarter and I remain optimistic. And so we're enthusiastic about the guidance we provided and are optimistic that we'll do a good job on it. And then we'll just have to see how it turns out.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yes, that's right. That's exactly right. The reason we decided to classify it a little differently is because I changed the architecture of it. We used to have several different product lines and each one of the product lines were planned differently and they were specified differently and so on and so forth. We've decided to unify all of our data center product lines and abstracted out the software from it. And so from this one unified platform, Tesla, Tesla is our accelerated computing platform. And on top of it are software stacks that allows us to solve a problem for a particular marketplace. So, for example, we have our entire software stack for HPC. We have a rich software stack for enterprise virtualization, we call Grid. We have a software stack that is incredible for providing cloud gaming around the world, that's called GeForce NOW and then we are going to have a software stack for hyperscale. And so each one of these software stacks are built on top of one common architecture, one common platform called Tesla Accelerated Computing. And so as a result, we decided to unify all of that and report it simply as data centers. And, quite frankly, I think it will just be easier to understand.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, Harlan, first of all, thank you. I think that there is no question that the U.S. – even the U.S. is seeing growth in PC gaming and the fundamental reason is really quite singular, eSports. eSports is it may be the new social platform. It is the new digital playground. You go hang out with your friends. It's the new virtual arcade. This is how you hang out with your friends. Not only do you play – if you're not playing, you are watching, but at all times you are talking to your friends. This is how you hang out. And so this is a big deal. This isn't something you can do easily on mobile. This isn't something you can do easily on TV. This particular platform really benefits from having a PC. And so eSports is probably, if I had to tag it on one thing, eSports would probably be it. The growth of eSports, as you know, not only is the gamers enjoying eSports and growing faster than anybody would have expected, and I think the reason for that is because it's a social platform, and therefore, it grows not linearly but arguably exponentially. And in the case of eSports, there's also viewerships, and now all kinds of businesses are cropping up to help people enjoy watching eSports and sharing the moment with other people. So I think this is real. And it's quite exciting.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah. Alex, first of all, thanks for the question. Well, semiconductors and chips is really important to us. And on balance, it's a lot easier if the world will just get better without anybody having to work for it, i.e., Moore's Law. And so if every year transistors just got faster and they got morbid and they got cheaper and so on and so forth, all at the same time, it surely would make for a easier ride. However, accelerated computing is a very different beast. The way that accelerated computing works and some people have characterized NVIDIA's growth and performance to Moore's Law squared and I don't think it's much far off from that actually. And the reason for that has to do with the fact that we change our -- we can innovate change, improve our GPU underneath, the software stack on top, the algorithms that we innovate on top of that, and then also targeting specific applications. One of the things that most people don't realize is that we are not a general purpose processor. We only target a few specific applications. And the specific applications as you know that we focus on is visual computing and this particular field has become quite large. And because of the work that we have done, whether it's visual computing, images, video, and very parallel applications, which artificial intelligence falls into, these applications are just right down the strike zone and right in the bull's-eye of accelerated computing. They just have – maybe it happened by serendipity, but we hope that we have a large part to do with it that the accelerator that we created made it possible for these applications to move forward. And as a result, moved forward more quickly and became large markets. And so, I would say that the answer to your question is that we don't just do chips and the value proposition of our platform is really about chips, about software, about algorithms and applications that we select. And that combination is really, really powerful. Now your second question has to do with IP licensing. I would say that five years ago as a technology component company, a PC graphics chip company, where our path to market is only through OEMs, our path to market is only through OEMs that our industry, where our products are industry standard with, i.e., Wintel or PC, or so on and so forth. That's no longer true. We now have four vertical markets by which we engage to market ourselves that we can go directly to the market, we can innovate openly and we have specialized platforms whereby we can innovate without dependency on somebody else. And so whether it's accelerated data centers, which has a specialized platform, gaming, where we go to market ourselves and we have a specialized platform there, these markets are really, really large. And so, the reinvention of our company put us in very large markets that are growing quite robustly. And so I think our primary focus today is through product sales. And so, we changed our business model that way, if you will, instead of remaining a components company and moving, if you will, backwards into licensing. We decided to move forward into the market vertically and creating specialized platforms.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: I guess I would say, I don't care. I would say that I don't care and the reason for that is these desktop -- these notebook GPUs are really high end. And they are all GeForce platforms to us. They all go to the same gamers and so I think the most important thing is that we would like the games to have higher graphics production value, the AAA games. I would like eSports to continue to grow. I would like developing countries to have broadband. And I would like VR to be incredible. And so I would say that those are really the drivers for our business, and however a gamer would like to enjoy GeForce, we would love to welcome him.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, I appreciate it. I think, first of all, the recognition that our PC OEM or our OEM business has largely, the decline has abated. We obviously still work on OEM projects and we're selective about the OEM projects. We're thoughtful about the projects we work on. And we care very much about working with our strategic partners. For example, some of the really amazing projects that have been announced recently, the Microsoft Surface Book. I mean, holy cow! What a great laptop. Mine should be arriving any day now. And so, I'm super excited about that. I thought Panos and the guys over at Microsoft just did a killer job on that laptop. And it was incredibly challenging, and we love to work and we love building groundbreaking work. And in the other project, over at Google, with Google Pixel C, I thought it was amazing. I mean, it's just a fantastic laptop. And it's based on our latest generation Tegra. Hiroshi and the team did a great job building it, and what a fantastic new tablet model. And so, we're going to continue to work on these type of OEM projects. And so we have exciting ones that we're in the process of working on. And so, my expectation is that the PC OEM business and the Tegra OEM business is going to be here. But it's just not a huge focus of ours – focus is not the right word, it's not where we expect our growth drivers to come from. Our major growth drivers are the four that we've talked about several times during the call. In terms of growth rate, I think it's going to take potentially a couple years for us to have some kind a feeling for growth rate. Let me tell you why. In no time in the history of our company did we have a brand new business model, first of all. We have a brand new business model. This new business model leverages one architecture, but instead of going towards just serving OEMs, we largely engage the vertical markets ourselves. It's a platform strategy, it's an ecosystem strategy. We engage the markets directly ourselves. So this new business model transition and the approach to this market is really working and accelerating. Now, because we're engaging the markets directly and we're looking at some very large markets, the autonomous driving market is going to be a large market. The accelerated data center market, it's going to be a large market. AI is going to be large, VR is going to be large. PC gaming is going to be large. And so we're now engaging large markets and we have multiple growth drivers. And so I think that the TAM for the company is larger than any time that we've ever enjoyed. And so that's kind of the second thing. We have multiple growth drivers and they have large TAMs. And then finally, gosh, we're just doing really exciting and important work that will shape the future of computing. I don't know any time in the history of our company that we're working on things like AI and VR and self-driving cars and cloud computing all at the same time. And so all of that leveraging one fundamental architecture, which gave us the ability to simultaneously engage these vertical markets with a very powerful singular investment behind it. And so I think our business model is very different. The vertical markets we engage are very different and I hope that, as a result, our growth will continue to surprise.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, David, thanks for the question. We don't really control anything. Our products are purchased by our gamers freely and so it's not really a matter of control. And I mean that in a way that, look, we've got to earn the love and loyalty of our customers every single day. And whereas we used to be a PC OEM company, an OEM company where that responsibility lies on our OEMs, today that responsibility really lies with us and we take it really, really seriously. We have 70 million gamers that are connected with us. I hope that we add value to them on a continuous basis and that we earn their trust and their loyalty over time. The beauty of this model, of course, it's much, much harder. It requires much, much greater understanding of the software stack. The way that you digitally connect and engage your community has to be very different than before. Obviously the PC OEM model is simple. The selling motion is simple. The marketing motion is simple. Everything we do today, the selling motion is much more complicated and the marketing motion is much more complicated. But the end result is that the promise that we made to them, whether it's Quadro's ability to help you realize your imagination, to GeForce that helps you enjoy your game to the fullest, these promises we have the ability to deliver on a day-to-day basis. And so over time I believe it allows us to create much deeper connections with our customers, which in business talk is stickiness, but we don't think of it that way. We think of it as earning the loyalty and the trust and hopefully the passion of our customers.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Yeah, Chris, I appreciate that. If we can get a $5 microcontroller to drive and it's just a matter of software and driving is like one of the most complicated things we do, I think humans could be replaced in just about everything we do with a $3 microcontroller. And so it seems unlikely. I agree that smart microcontrollers could be used to enhance smart cameras to do computer vision and I think that for ADAS it is really, really good, just to be serious here. I think that smart cameras, whether it's from Tier 1s or from companies in Japan various companies around the world, the ADAS driver – better cruise control to automatic braking to lane keeping, those things are all important things and it improves our driver experience. But autonomous driving is just a whole different thing. Autonomous driving nobody's figured out. And obviously, there are several companies that we know who have real cars on the market who are doing autonomous driving and there's no pretense. Nobody is saying that all it takes is a $5 microcontroller to make that happen. It takes a lot of computing to make that possible. And so our strategy is not driver assistance. I mean, I've been consistent about that. I appreciate all of the people's work that are enhancing driver assistance, whether it's radar or ultrasonics or cameras to move driver assistance forward. Our strategy is really a computing platform for autonomous driving. And it's going to take a lot of software, and it's going to take a lot of software that is going to be owned by the car companies themselves. And our strategy is to provide a platform by which we provide a lot of the capabilities of artificial intelligence whereby they can embrace it, modify it, enhance it, so that they can make their personality of the driver experience in their own software long term. I just can't imagine how every single car company in the world will have exactly the same driver experience. The way that the car responds to you, the way that the car responds at all is something that I believe long term is going to require a lot of computing. This is an area that's just far from being done and I think it's very complicated stuff and we don't even know what we don't know yet. But the one thing that we do know, it's going to need a lot of computing horsepower, it's going to need a lot of software. Artificial intelligence is going to be at the core of it. And I think if we succeed in doing so, we're going to make the world a much, much better place. There are a lot of people that shouldn't drive. There are a lot of people that would love to get around, but they can't drive and I think we're going to keep a lot of people out of harm's way, so I think the work is incredibly important. It's far from being over and so there's lots to do.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: The area where we work with VW and Porsche and Audi are really about advancing the state-of-the-art in their cars. If you look at the work that we do, it's really about innovation and it's about the technology that they want to be world's first at bringing to market. This is a company – this is an organization that believes the technology leadership and leaning forward, leaning into the software-defined car and leaning into the computerized car and leaning into driver autonomous driving and leaning into electric vehicles is a good thing. This is a company that is very forward thinking as everybody is very well aware of. And so, our work with them are really along those areas and if anything at all, we see quite a significant heightened desire to move the company forward and do something great.
Jen-Hsun Huang - Co: Well, thanks everybody for joining us today. There are several things that we wanted to say. We wanted to say that our new business model, transition approach to market is working and accelerating. We talked about our multiple growth market drivers, PC gaming data center and automotive are all growing nicely. We talked about the fact that we're working at the center of some big developments that are shaping the future of computing. AI, VR, accelerated cloud computing and autonomous driving cars, these are really exciting things. And we're doing that with one singular leveraged investment around one architecture and that allows us to bring the might of this company and the expertise that we have to help solve some of the problems that I have mentioned. NVIDIA is the world leader in visual computing and it's becoming more important than ever in a growing number of industries. Our strategy is to leverage this one core investment to four growth markets, gaming, professional visualization, data center and auto, and is delivering good results and gaining momentum. And so, our goal is to balance those investments, our investment to capture the enormous opportunity ahead while maintaining a keen focus on improving near-term financial performance. Thank you all for joining us today.
Colette M. Kress: Yeah, thanks, Joe, for the question. We have an outlook for our capital return program next year to return $1 billion as well as the increase in the dividend that will be in effect there. We continue to look at our overall total cash balance and also our U.S. cash balance. We still receive cash flow from both the combination of our international operations and our U.S. operations, which will take us through the good part of fiscal year 2017 in probably the whole amount. But if some need comes, we have several options for us to think about how we would fund that and we'll look at that at that time, if necessary.
Colette M. Kress: Yes. This fiscal year, we do have an extra week in this fiscal year. So we have incorporated our best estimates at this time for the fourth quarter incorporating that extra week.
Colette M. Kress: Thanks for the question. Yeah, I think our focus over this last several years has really been focusing around one single unified architecture and investment. That's really helped us to make the appropriate investments that we need in these four different markets that we're going after, but allowing us also to really focus on a single architecture that allows the efficiencies that we're seeing in our operating expenses. That is still going to be our focus as we move into the current quarter Q4 and as we move forward into fiscal year 2017, as our financial performance is very important to us and improving that financial performance in the short term. So thanks for the recognition of noting our work on our investment portfolio and ensuring that our investments are right-sized for our top line.
