Jensen Huang: Yes. During Q4 and Q1, we see normal seasonal declines of console builds, and we also see a normal seasonal decline of notebook builds. And the reason for that is because the notebook vendors have to line up all their manufacturing in Q3 so that they could meet the hot selling season in Q4. And so we're seeing -- what we see in the Q4 and Q1 time frame are just normal seasonal declines of these systems. Overall, for PC gaming -- and RTX is doing fantastic. Let me tell you why it's so important. I would say that at this point, I think it's fairly clear that ray tracing is the future and that RTX is a home run. Just about every major game developer has signed on to ray tracing. Even the next-generation consoles had to stutter step and include ray tracing in their next-generation consoles. The effects -- the photorealistic look is just so compelling, it's not possible to really go back anymore. And so I think that it's fairly clear now that RTX ray tracing is the future. And there are several hundred million PC gamers in the world that don't have the benefits of it, and I'm looking forward to upgrading them. Second, and this is a combination of RTX and Max-Q, we really created a brand-new game platform, notebook PC gaming. Notebook PC gaming really didn't exist until Max-Q came along. And our second-generation Max-Q, this last season, really turbocharged this segment. Over 100 laptops now are available for PC gaming. And my sense is that this is likely going to be the largest gaming platform, new gaming platform that emerges. And we're just in the beginning innings of that. And so the combination of upgrading the entire installed base of PC gamers to RTX and ray tracing and this new gaming segment called notebook PC gaming is really quite exciting, and it's going to drive our continued growth for some time. And so I'm excited about that.
Jensen Huang: Yes. As you know, just to add to that, as you know, NVIDIA's really become a software company. If you take a look at almost all of our products, the GPU -- having the world's best GPU, of course, is the starting point. But almost everything that we do, whether it's in artificial intelligence or data analytics or health care or robotics or self-driving cars, almost all of these platforms: gaming, rendering, cloud graphics, all of these platforms start from a really rich stack of software. And you can't just put a chip in these scenarios and they work. And so most of our businesses are now highly software-rich, and they address verticals that we focus on. And then secondarily, we're a platform company. And so our platform is available from all the OEMs and cloud providers. And as a platform company that has a great deal of software intensity, it's natural that the margins would be higher over time.
Jensen Huang: Yes. We had a strong Q3. We're going to see a much stronger Q4. And the foundation of that is AI, it's deep learning inference. That is -- this deep learning inference is understandably going to be one of the largest computer industry opportunities. And the reason for that is because the computation intensity is so high. And for the very first time, aside from computer graphics, this mode of software is not really practical without accelerators. And so I mentioned earlier about the large-scale movement to deep learning recommendation systems. Those models are really, really hard to train. I mentioned earlier about conversational AI. Because conversation requires real-time processing, several seconds is really not practical. And so you have to do it in milliseconds, tens of milliseconds. And our accelerator makes that possible. What makes it really complicated and the reason why -- although so many people talk about it, only we demonstrated -- we submitted all 5 results -- all 5 tests for the MLPerf inference benchmark, and we won them. And the reason for that is because it's far more than just a chip. The software stack that sits on top of the chip and the compilers that sits on top of the chip are so complicated. And it's understandably complicated because a supercomputer wrote the software, and this body of software is really, really large. And if you have to make it both accurate as well as performant, it's really quite a great challenge. And it's one of the great computer science challenges. This is one of those problems that hasn't been solved, and we've been working hard at it for the last 6, 7 years now. And so this is really the great opportunity. We've been talking about inference for some time now. Finally, the workloads and a very large diverse set of workloads are now moving into production. And so I'm hoping -- I'm enthusiastic about the progress and seeing the trends and the visibility that inference should be a large market opportunity for us.
Jensen Huang: Yes. C.J., that's really good. Let me break it down. So when we think about hyperscale, there are three parts: training, inference and public cloud. Training, you might have seen the work that was done at open AI recently where they've been measuring and monitoring the amount of computation necessary to train these large models. These large models are now only getting larger. The amount of data necessary, therefore, has to scale as well. The computation is now growing and doubling every 3 months. And the reason for that is because of recent breakthroughs in natural language understanding. And all of a sudden, a whole wave of problems are now able to be solved. And just as AlexNet 7 years ago kind of was the watershed event for a lot of computer vision-oriented AI work, now the transformer-based natural language understanding model and the work that Google did with BERT really is a watershed event also for natural language understanding. This is, of course, a much, much harder problem. And so the scale of the training has grown tremendously. I think what we're going to see this year is a fair number of very sizable installations of GPU systems to do this very thing, training. The second part is an untapped market for us, and this untapped market is really inference. The reason why I haven't really spoken about it until now is because we've never really been able to validate our intuition that inference is going to be a large market opportunity for us, that it's going to be very complicated. The models are very large. They're very diverse. They require large amount of computation, large amount of memory bandwidth and large amounts of memory and large and significant capabilities of programmability. And so I've talked about this before, but I've never been able to validate it. And of course, with MLPerf and sweeping the benchmarks and, frankly, only -- the only one although so many have attempted, they submitted results and some of them resented it, that this benchmark is just really, really hard. Inference is hard. And then finally, our business results also validated the -- our intuition. And so our engagement now with CSPs are now global. We're working across natural language understanding, recommendation systems, conversational AI, just a whole bunch of really, really interesting problems. Now the cloud is the third piece. And the reason why cloud is growing so well and represents about half almost of many of our CSPs, particularly the ones with the public cloud, the reason for that is because the number of AI start-ups in the world is still growing so incredibly. I think we're tracking something close to 10,000 and more AI start-ups around the world. In health care, in transportation, in retail, in consumer Internet, in Fintech, the number of AI companies out there is just extraordinary. I think over the last 3 or 4, 5 years, some $20 billion, $30 billion have been invested into start-ups. And these start-ups, of course, use cloud service providers so that they don't have to invest in their own infrastructure because it's fairly complicated. And so we're seeing a lot of growth there. And so that's just the hyperscalers. The hyperscalers give us 3 points of growth -- 3 areas of growth: training, inference and public cloud. And the public cloud is primarily AI start-ups. Then there's the intelligent edge, which we recently ventured into, and we've been building this platform called EGX for some time. And it's cloud native. It's incredibly secure. You can manage it from afar. It's -- the stack is complicated. It's performant. And we saw some -- we've been working with some early adopters. And this last quarter, we announced some of them: Walmart and BMW and Procter & Gamble and the largest logistics company in the world, USPS. And so this new platform, I think, long term, will likely be the largest opportunity. And the reason for that is because of the industries that it serves.
Jensen Huang: Gaming is solid in China, and it is also the fastest adopter of our gaming notebooks. This gaming RTX notebooks or GeForce notebooks is really a brand new category. This category never existed before because we couldn't get the technology in there so that it's both delightful to own as well as powerful to enjoy. And so we saw really great success with RTX notebooks and GeForce notebooks in China, and RTX adoption has been fast. Your comments make sense because most of the games are free-to-play these days. The primary games that people play are esports, which you want the best gear, but you could -- after you buy the gear, you pretty much enjoy it forever; and mobile, which is largely free-to-play. You invest in some of your own personal outfits. And after that, I think you can enjoy it for quite a long time. And so the gear is really important. One of the areas where we've done really great work, particularly in China, has to do with social. We have this platform called GeForCe Experience. And as an extension of that, there's a new feature called RTX Broadcast Engine. And it basically applies AI to broadcasting your content to share it. You could make movies. You could capture your favorite scenes and turn it into art, applying AI. And one of the coolest features is that you could overlay yourself on top of the game and share it with all the social networks without a green screen behind you. We use AI to stitch you out, basically, to cut you out of the background and irrespective of what noisy background you've got. And so as you know, China has really a super hyper social community -- communities back there and they have all kinds of really cool social platforms to share games and user-generated content and short videos and all kinds of things like that. And so GeForce has that one additional feature that really makes it successful.
Jensen Huang: Let's see. The -- we're the first -- probably the first AV car that's going to be passenger-owned on the road, and I think we've talked about it before, is Volvo. And we're expecting them to be in the late 2020, early 2021 time frame. And I'm still expecting so. And then there's the 2022, 2023 generations. Most -- I would say most of the passenger-owned vehicle developments are going quite well. The industry, as you know, is under some amount of pressure, and so a lot of them have slipped it out a couple of years or so. And this is something that I think we've already spoken about in the past. Our focus, our strategy consists of several areas. One area, of course, is passenger-owned vehicles. The second part is robot taxis. We have developments going with just about every major robot taxi company that we know of. And they're here in the states. They're in Europe. They're in China. And when you hear news of them, we're delighted to see their progress. And then the third part has to do with trucks, shuttles and increasingly a large number of vehicles that don't carry people, they carry goods. And so we have a major development with Volvo. That was Volvo Trucks. Volvo Cars and Volvo Trucks, as you know, are 2 different companies. One of them belongs to Geely, Volvo Cars. Volvo Trucks is the heritage Volvo. And we have a major program going with them to automate the delivery of goods. You also see us during various GTCs, I'll mention companies that we're working with on grocery delivery or goods delivery or within a warehouse product delivery. You're going to see a whole bunch of things like that because the technology is very similar, and it's starting to -- the development -- the technology we develop for passenger-owned vehicles has started to propagate down into logistics vehicles. I continue to believe that everything that moves eventually will have autonomous capability or be fully autonomous. And that, I think, is, at this point, fairly certain. Now our strategy is both in developing the in-car AV computing system, and it's software-defined, it's scalable, as well as the AI development and simulation systems. And so when somebody's working on AV and they're using AI, and most of them are, there's a great opportunity for us. And when they start ramping up and they're collecting miles of data, it becomes a very large market opportunity for us. And so I'm anxious to see every single car company be as progressive and aggressive in developing AV. And they will be. They will be. This is a foregone conclusion.
Jensen Huang: Let's see. I would say 2018, it was nearly all related to training. And this year, we started to see the growth of inference to the point where we now -- we have now sold more -- this last quarter, we sold more T4 GPUs for inference than we sold V100s that's used for training, and both of them were record highs. And so the comment that Colette just made, comparing to year-over-year, we had a large DGX system sale a year ago that we didn't have this year. But if you excluded that, the V100 and the T4 is doing great. They're at record levels. And T4 didn't hardly existed a year ago, now it's selling more than V100s, and both of them are record highs. And so that kind of gives you a feeling for it. I think that's really the major difference that inference is really kicking into gear, and my sense is that it's going to continue to grow quite nicely.
Jensen Huang: Yes. If you look at the world of mobile today, there are players that are building DRAMs and their radio heads in the BBU, basically the baseband units. In the data center where people would like to move the software for radio networks, it's really an untapped market. And the reason for that is because the CPU is just not able to support the level of performance that's necessary for 5G. And ASICs are too rigid to be able to put into a data center. And so the data center needs a programmable solution that is data center-ready that can support all of the software richness that goes along with the data center, whether it's a VM environment like VMware. And we -- recently, during the quarter, we announced another partnership with VMware. They recognize that increasingly, our GPUs are becoming a core part of data centers and cloud. We had a partner -- we announced a partnership with Red Hat. They realize the momentum that they're seeing us in, in telcos, and they would like to adapt their entire stack from open stack to OpenShift on top of our GPUs. And so now with VMware, with Red Hat, we're going to have a world-class telco enterprise stack that ranges all the way from hypervisors and virtual machines all the way to Kubernetes. And so our strategy is to -- our goal is to really create this new world of C-RAN, vRAN centralized data centers and software-defined networking. And the software-defined networking will, of course, include things like in the data center networking as well as firewalls. But the computationally-intensive stuff is really the 5G radio. And so we're going to create a software stack for 5G and basically exactly the same way that we've done for creating a -- excuse me, a software stack for deep learning. And we call it Aerial. Aerial is to 5G essentially what Cuda-NN is for deep learning and essentially what optics is for ray tracing. And this software stack is going to allow us to run the whole software -- run the whole 5G stack in software and deliver the highest performance, the incredible flexibility and scale to as many layers of MIMO as customers need and to be able to put all of it in the data center. The power of putting it into data center, as you know, is flexibility and fungibility. With the low latency capability of 5G, you could put a data center somewhere in the regional hub. And depending on where the traffic is going, you could shift the traffic computation from 1 data center to another data center, something that you can't do in basebands, in baseband units in the cell towers, but you can do that in the data center. And that helps them reduce the cost. The second benefit is that the telcos would love to be a service provider for a data center's computation at the edge. And the edge applications are things like smart cities and whether it's warehouses or retail stores or whatever it is because they're geographically located and is distributed all over the world. And so to be able to use their data center to also be able to use AI in combination with IoT is really exciting to them. And so I think that that's really -- this is really the future that we're going to see a lot more service providers at the edge. And these edge data centers will have to run the data center, the networking, including the mobile network and software as well as run 5G and IoT -- AI and IoT applications
Jensen Huang: Thanks, everyone. We had a good quarter driven by strong gaming growth and hyperscale demand. We're making great strides in 3 big impact initiatives. The world of computer graphics is moving to ray tracing, and our business reflects that. Some of the biggest blockbuster games this holiday season and beyond are RTX-enabled, including Call of Duty: Modern Warfare; and the best-selling game of all-time, Minecraft. Design applications used by millions of artists and creators are rapidly adopting RTX ray tracing. We're reinventing computer graphics and look forward to upgrading the hundreds of millions of PC gamers to RTX. Hyperscale demand was strong this quarter, and our visibility continues to improve. The race is on for conversational AI, which will be a powerful catalyst for us in both training and inference. And lastly, we have extended our computing platform beyond the cloud to the edge, where GPU-accelerated 5G, AI and IoT, will revolutionize the world's largest industries. We look forward to updating you on our progress in February.
Colette Kress: Sure. Thanks for the question. In the current quarter, the net benefit, as we refer to as the net release of our inventory provisions primarily associated with our components, was about 1 percentage point to our overall gross margin. As you know, going forward, mix is still the largest driver of our gross margin over time. Over the long term, we do expect gross margins to improve, and we'll continue to see, outside of the benefit that we received, gross margin improvement for the long term.
Colette Kress: Yes. Toshiya, let me address the first question regarding our legacy infotainment systems for our automotive business. It is still representing maybe about half or more of our overall revenue in the automotive business. We have our AI cockpit continuing to grow and grow quite well, both sequentially as well as year-over-year, as well as our autonomous vehicle solutions that we may be doing, including development services.
Colette Kress: Sure, Stacy. When we had provided guidance in Q3 and how we finished the quarter in Q3, we had indicated that our growth would stem from both gaming and data center. We completed that. And we also had stronger than expected from guidance from both gaming and data center in our Q3 results. Moving to Q4, Q4 is a sequential decrease in totality versus Q3. We have reminded the teams about our overall seasonality that we sometimes have in gaming associated with our consoles as well as also with our notebooks that seem to be primarily in Q2 and Q3 being our strongest quarters and likely, therefore, a seasonal downtick as it move to Q4. What we wanted to do was, if we have in totality overall decline associated with that, we did want to emphasize what we are expecting in terms of data center with the overall strong growth sequentially.
Colette Kress: I would believe our growth of 17% was higher than we expected to Q3. Again, when we get into Q4, we'll see how the quarter ends in terms of data center, but we are expecting strong growth. Thanks, Stacy.
Colette Kress: Sure. Our enterprise business has been beginning to ramp from over a year ago at a very, very, very small base. We've continued to see great traction in there with a lot of the things that we've announced throughout. But keep in mind in our year ago quarter, we also had very strong systems and a very large deal associated with our DGX. So when we look from a quarter-over-quarter period or just looking at 1 quarter, we can have a little bit of lumpiness. So that year-over-year impact is really just due to an extremely large deal in the prior year Q3.
Colette Kress: I would say, for our Q4, both of them are expected to be seasonally down. In the case of the consoles, we do wait for Nintendo to assist in terms of what they need. So we will have to see how the quarter ends on that. But in both cases, in totality, these businesses have ranged, maybe in totality of the 2, of about $500 million a quarter. And we'll see both of them sequentially decline. Thank you.
