Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, we expect to continue to do well in data centers. The -- if you look at the background of what's happening, we know that Moore's Law has ended. And while demand for computing continues to grow and more and more of the data center is running machine learning algorithms, which is computationally really intensive, the only way to increase computational demand -- or computational resource is to buy more computers, buy more CPUs because each one of those CPUs aren't getting much faster. And so as a result of that, the data center CapEx would have to go up. The alternative, which is the alternative that we offer and is one of the reasons why the adoption of NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform is growing so fast, is because the approach that we provide allows for a path forward beyond Moore's Law. There are several things that we have done this last quarter that I think is really fantastic. The first is the introduction of a new computing platform, new accelerated platform called RAPIDS. And as you know very well that the vast majority of the industry today, although are super excited about deep learning, deep learning as a method for artificial intelligence is very data-intensive. And in areas where there's a lot of domain expertise, where there's -- whether it's in retail or whether it's in financial services or health care, logistics, there's a fair amount of domain expertise, and the amount of data that they have to fuse together to train a model is quite high. The approach using traditional machine learning is quite successful. That has never been accelerated before. And we worked with the open source community over the course of the last several years to pull together an entire stack that starts from Apache Arrow, the Dask parallel distributed computing engine, and then all of our CUDA and all of our algorithms that run on top of that. We now have an accelerated machine learning platform. That's a brand-new platform, and the excitement around that is really quite incredible. The second thing is the Turing architecture allows us to do film rendering at a much, much more affordable way than Moore's Law would have allowed. And then the third, which we just announced recently, is our first Turing-based T4 Cloud GPU. And along with all of the software stack that we've put on top of it, Kubernetes, the Docker, the TRT inference engine, our second-generation Tensor Core, AI accelerator, all of that together has created a lot of excitement in data center. So I'm expecting our data center business to be -- to continue to do quite well. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, the Turing launch happened towards the end of the quarter, and it's the biggest generational leap we've ever had. It introduced real-time ray-tracing. It's the first GPU to -- gaming GPU to include artificial intelligence. At every single price point it serves, it is substantially higher performance than the last and it's the highest performance GPU in the world. And all the great content are coming. Today, I think it is -- or yesterday, I think it was, the Battlefield V was released with real-time ray-tracing, the world's first application to support real-time ray-tracing. So I -- we expect Turing to do really well. As we go on, surely, we'll bring Turing deeper into the mainstream. And so we don't have anything to announce today, but as usual, we want to bring a brand-new architecture to as many gamers as possible. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I expect ProVis to grow. The ProVis platform, more -- there's more content ever being created that is digitally created. And most photographs -- what appears to be photographs are rendered in software. Almost every catalog, every video, every movie, every TV show now has a great deal of digital rendering in it. And until now, it's not been possible to do the rendering in an accelerated way. So RTX is the world's first accelerated ray-tracing GPU, and the enthusiasm from the digital content creation market is really, really great. I surely expect that -- and as I was mentioning earlier, that it's been close to a decade that the workstation industry has not had a fundamental platform architecture change. And so RTX is the first one. So I'm expecting ProVis to do really well. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, the -- well, we came into Q3 with excess channel inventory post the crypto hangover. We expected the pricing in the marketplace to decline. It declined slower than we expected and -- but while it was declining, we were expecting sales volume to grow, demand to grow and for pricing to be -- for volume to be elastic with pricing. I think it just took longer than -- the pricing took longer than we expected, and the volume increase took longer than we expected. At this point, most of the pricing has come down to its -- and slightly below its prelaunch levels. And so I'm hoping that -- I'm hopeful that now that pricing has stabilized, that customers will come back and buy. I guess when pricing is volatile in the channel, it probably freezes some people waiting for prices to stabilize, and that took longer than we expected frankly. But now that it's at the right levels, our expectation is that the market will return to normal. 1060 is the #1 selling graphics card in the world, and we decided not to sell any more into the channel for the upcoming quarter to give the channel an opportunity to sell through the inventory it has. And so we'll keep our eyes on it, but our expectation is that inventory levels will come back to normal by the end of the quarter. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We -- yes, we haven't announced our future Turing product, but it would be expected for us to create a Turing GPU that serves the mainstream parts of the marketplace. And so we're not announcing anything, but it would be conventional of us to do that. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: No, we're really not shipping into the midrange segment of Pascal so that we give the channel an opportunity to sell through the product that has. And we would like to see channel inventory get normalized by the end of Q4, and then we'll get back to doing our work. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Let's see. The -- we were surprised, obviously. I mean, we're surprised by it, as anybody else. The crypto hangover lasted longer than we expected. Prices started to drift down, and we expected to come down much more quickly than it did and -- but -- and when it went down, we expected demand to come up much more quickly than it did. And so I think the channel wanted to protect its price. People were uncertain about crypto, and demand was uncertain about when the price will be stabilized. And so all of that uncertainty, I think, froze the market a little longer than we expected. Pricing is now down to below prelaunch normal levels. And so I am hopeful that we're going to see demand come back and the sell-through will happen through the holidays. And we're seeing that. And so that's -- the first one is that we -- just we didn't expect it either and we didn't realize the magnitude of it until towards the end of the quarter. What was the other question? Was there another question? I think that, that was it. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, the ramp is going great, and I think this is the biggest generational leap we've ever had. This is the most substantial new technology that computer graphics has seen in a decade. Real-time ray-tracing is something that everybody had dreamed about for a long time. It's never seen before. And today with Battlefield V, people are enjoying real-time ray-tracing for the very, very first time. And the images are beautiful. So the ramp is great. Of course, Turing ramped into -- towards the end of the quarter and into a much more different situation than any GPU of the past. But nonetheless, the demand on the high-end products are fantastic. The 2080 Tis are largely sold out. I think it's still sold out everywhere. And so I think that the demand is great. I'm expecting it to be just a fantastic new generation. In terms of the content, you saw the first one. FINAL FANTASY is also out. And we have a pipeline, about 30 of them. We're working hard on that. And so when they -- when these games get released, RTX will be enabled. But I will say one last thing, which is content aside, RTX is higher performing at the same price point than any graphics card on the planet. And so at every single graphics -- every single price point, it is the highest performing graphics card. So it is unambiguously the highest performance GPU in the world and then -- and of course, all of these great new features will be coming. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think the channel has more than 12 weeks of inventory between us and the other brand. One of the things that is hard to estimate is how much inventory the other brands have. And our quarter is 1 month later. And so whatever action we take, whatever we see in the channel is 1 month after their end of the quarter. The amount of inventory is not just us. It's also the other brands. And our ability to see the other brand's inventory is just much harder. We try our best to estimate it, but obviously, we didn't estimate it well enough. And so the answer to your question is yes, I think there's about -- from our perspective, about 12 weeks of our inventory to sell through at this point. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Turing is the highest performance GPU at every single price point. And so it played no role in its transition. It's all about crypto hangover. This is the new experience as we made this transition. If you look at Turing on -- just on the basis of Turing, it had a great launch. We ramped it at the end of the quarter, as we expected. It was back-end loaded, as we expected, and the ramp was great. Everybody did a great job. And the performance is fantastic, and the excitement is great. And so I think Turing's ramp was a big success. It's -- underneath Turing was choppy, as we're talking about. And we really didn't see that until towards the end of the quarter. And as we looked out into this quarter, this coming quarter, we came to the conclusion that the best thing to do is just not to ship any more products into this segment of the marketplace because there's a fair amount of inventory and let the channel sell through the midrange Pascals. And then a quarter's time, we'll get back to business. And so I think -- I knew this is surely a setback, and I wish we had seen it earlier, in the final analysis can't be exactly sure what we would have done different. But between the unexpected, unanticipated slow decline of pricing in the channel and even after the prices came down, it took a little longer than we expected for volume to kick up. And the other brand's inventory in the marketplace, those factors kind of compounded and made it a lot worse than we expected. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Okay. Let me take the second one first. Our data center business is doing great. I mean, the fundamental dynamics of accelerated computing is spot on. And with Moore's Law coming to an end, it's the path forward. Take a look at the number of systems in the TOP500, 127 systems, I think, this year was, a growth of nearly 50% year-over-year. We're the #1 system in United States and the world, in Europe, in Japan. We're 22 out of the top 25 most energy-efficient computers in the world. And then this quarter, we announced 3 new initiatives that's going to expand us into a broader part of the high-performance computing market with machine learning, which is -- as we know, is the largest part of artificial intelligence today, which has not been accelerated and now it is. The second is the ability to do rendering for film, photorealistic rendering for the first time. And then the third is a brand-new cloud GPU, we call T4, that the enthusiasm around it is just incredible. And from the time that we went to production to the time that Google put it in their cloud was literally 30 days. It's just an incredible speed of adoption. And so I expect T4 to do quite well. So I think our data center business dynamics are really quite great. In terms of forecast, we'll just see how it turns out. But I think the fundamental dynamics are great. Back to your question about gaming. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, I'm going to let you guys do the modeling, but let me just say this. There's nothing fundamentally different about the gaming market that we know. Cryptocurrency is an extraordinary factor that we all have to just internalize as it is. And we thought we had done a better job managing the cryptocurrency dynamics. But when the prices came down -- started to come down and we hoped the demand would start to reflect the declining price, it just took longer than we expected. And that's what we're experiencing. In terms of the gaming marketplace, if you take a look at some of the dynamics, our notebook gaming, which is not affected by crypto, grew 50% year-over-year in China. And so the gaming market seems quite robust. RTX is going to unquestionably redefine gaming computer graphics. And so I think that the dynamics are good. We have to work through the channel inventories. This quarter, of course, we had the simultaneous decision of not shipping any more midrange products into the channel as well as seasonal -- normal seasonal console build plans. And they tend to build out a quarter before the holiday season. So you have these 2 simultaneous effects. But there's nothing about the gaming marketplace or the gaming business that we see that's fundamentally different. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: The ramp of T4 is completely related to customers porting their model on top of our platform. And the inference model is really complicated. This is one of the things that I've talked about in the past that on the one hand, people think that inference appears to be simple because there are so many ASICs built being talked about. The vast majority of the complexity of inference is actually in the optimizing compiler on top. The TensorRT, fifth-generation optimizing compiler that we announced just recently took 3, 4 years to build. And then on top of that, in order to get it to scale as quickly as what people saw in Google -- Google's cloud requires us to build something called a TRT server, an inference server, that allows multiple models to run on top of Kubernetes in the cloud. That piece of software is also super complicated to write. And so the pieces of technology that we're putting together have come together. And now we're engaged with Internet companies around the world to port their most heavy workload applications on top -- or models on top of T4. And so we're working hard on that. And when that happens, it comes down to their decision of how many they would like to buy, and that tells us about our adoption rate. I think from a high-level perspective, if we step back for a second, the high-level -- the way to look at it is this: that we know for a fact that Moore's Law has come to an end, and at the same time, we also know that more and more data centers are deploying deep learning models and machine learning models into their data center. And it's computationally really intensive. And at this time and as we look out into the horizon, the T4 Cloud GPU is just unquestionably the most effective. It can run models, whether it's an image model or a recommendation model or a speech synthesis model. It is the highest throughput processor in the world at 70 watts, which fits into a hyperscale data center OCP server. It is also the lowest latency of any processor at inferencing in the world at less than 1 millisecond. And so between the architecture, all of the software technology and all of the software capabilities we put in place and the fact that the conditions would suggest that Internet companies need an accelerated path forward, I think T4 is really well positioned. And I look forward to coming back and telling you guys about success. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes, Jetson is designed for edge AI. One version of Jetson, which is a functional save, high-performance with a lot of complicated software, one version of that, you could say, is self-driving cars. And this quarter, we announced winning our first mass-market Level 2. We've been really successful in robot taxis and Level 4s and trucks and shuttles and high-end systems, where the number of processors, the number of sensors, the combination of LiDARs and surround cameras requires a lot of computation and -- but we've never been successful until now with taking the DRIVE platform all the way down to Level 2 mass-market cars. Volvo is our first announcement, our first win in high-volume, early 2020s production ramp. And I'm expecting many more. And I think we've positioned and created a solution that is both highly useful and easy to use as well as could deliver Level 2 capability in a single chip for the very first time. And Xavier is in production. It is the only single-chip, autonomous vehicle processor in production today. Then you take that same platform and you could apply to all kinds of other edge AI devices. It could be manufacturing picking robots. It could be autonomous retail, basically AI retail, and autonomous warehouses. So -- or medical instruments, medical imaging instruments that, in the device itself, recognizes and identifies anomalies. And so all of this type of applications are leaning towards AI, and that's the reason why we built Jetson. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our high-end Pascal GPUs are largely sold. And we did a fairly good job making sure that -- with that transition before we ramped up the high-end Turing products. The -- our data center business, I would say that Q2 -- or excuse me, Q3, this last quarter, the inventory setback aside, I actually have to say that it's one of the best quarter we've ever experienced. And the reason for that is because our data center position, our accelerated computing position as a company, which is the foundation of this company, the accelerated computing focus of our company expanded in really several ways. For the first part of our journey into accelerated computing, it was really following scientific computing, simulating first principle laws of physics for scientific computing and high-performance computing codes. About 5 years ago, deep learning came into the fore, and we were alert and agile to have invested a great deal and mobilized the company to go help the world put deep learning into software developers' hands all over the world. The area where I'm super excited about right now are the 3 that I've mentioned that we've opened up in this last quarter with the launch of Turing and with the launch of RAPIDS. The first is our film rendering opportunity is -- we think that there's about 10 million CPU nodes around the world that are used for film rendering. They can now benefit from accelerated computing as Moore's Law comes to an end. The second is opening up inference. The hyperscale data center marketplace is something along the lines of 15 million CPUs sold this year. And it was growing -- let's call it, growing at about 15% per year and -- the number of CPUs. And we know for a fact that Moore's Law has come to an end and those servers are going to have to be accelerated going forward. And so I think that T4 is just ideal for that. It was designed from the ground up to deliver computing in a very, very compressed and very condensed and power-sensitive environment, which these hyperscale data centers tend to be. And the software stack from Kubernetes to containers, to a TRT compiler, to the TRT inference server and our NGC cloud with all of the stacks fully accelerated and containerized in the cloud, certifying all of the major cloud providers around the world for our containers, that process took us several years and it's put us in a really great place. So T4 is really fantastic. And so that's -- the second segment of high-performance computing is deep learning. The third and potentially the largest currently is machine learning. This is where Hadoop goes. This is where Spark goes. This is where scikit-learn, Python, pandas. All of the data scientists around the world in retail, in transportation and logistics, in health care, in financial services that are using algorithms like random forest and XGBoost and k-nearest and k-means and PCA and all of these different buzzwords have never had the opportunity to have accelerated computing until now. And this took a couple, 2, 3 years for us to pull together. RAPIDS has been open sourced. You can go into the NGC cloud, download it. IBM is going to integrate it into their machine learning platform. SaaS, SAP, Oracle, the cloud providers are all integrating the RAPIDS open source SDK into their machine learning platform. And so this is a new segment for us.  The answer about our growth rate is, I believe, that our accelerated computing, our data center opportunity has significantly expanded during the quarter. Between the T4 hyperscale cloud GPU and RAPIDS machine learning platform, it has -- and our RTX server film rendering, we surely have expanded our data center opportunity. And so I fully expect us to continue to do well in accelerated computing for data centers. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Thanks, everyone. To sum up, the crypto hangover has left the industry with excess inventory -- excess channel inventory. It will take 1 or 2 quarters to work through it. This is an unexpected near-term setback and doesn't change the fundamental dynamics of our company. The end of Moore's Law has cleared a way for NVIDIA accelerated computing as a great path forward. Turing opens up 3 exciting markets for us with ray-tracing games, film rendering and hyperscale inference. And with our first win in mainstream Level 2 self-driving cars with Volvo, our DRIVE AV platform is gearing up for the mass market, and our competitive position has never been stronger. We look forward to updating you on our progress. Thank you. 
Colette Kress: Yes. So I commented about the overall size of what we have traditionally seen in terms of the midrange over a fairly large period of time because keep in mind, the launches of products quarter-to-quarter have changed that. So it has been about 1/3 consistently over, let's say, about an 8-quarter period of time. And we think that's a good number for you to use as we look at our guidance in terms of Q4. From an overall console perspective, we again have seen about -- in the hundreds and sometimes more than that in prior quarters. What we're seeing is just a normal where they build ahead of the holidays in Q3, and that slows down as we move into Q4 when we're in the middle of the holidays. 
Colette Kress: Okay. Vivek, to answer your question also regarding Q1 in terms of what we're going to see in terms of the expectation, as the channel inventory normalizes at the end of Q4, we do believe going into Q1, we will be probably up from where we end in terms of Q4. So we won't follow that normal seasonality between Q1 and Q4. We do expect to be up as we go into Q1. 
Colette Kress: Stacy, yes. I think the answer to that is yes. In aggregate, yes, we do believe the rest of the business will grow sequentially. 
Colette Kress: Yes. To kind of add to that, think about our gaming business in several pieces that we talked about in terms of the tremendous strength that is also continuing. In terms of our success in terms of Turing, our notebooks for gaming are growing extremely strong, and our overall console business is also extremely healthy as well. So to think about all of the different components, we just have a piece of channel inventory at the midrange, but overall, as you can see, gaming is also growing quite well. 
