Colette Kress: Okay. Thanks, Stacy, for the question. Let's first focus in terms of our guidance for Q4. Our statements that we made were, yes, about driven by revenue growth from Data Center and Gaming sequentially. We can probably expect our Data Center to grow faster than our Gaming, probably both in terms of percentage wise and in absolute dollars. We also expect our CMP product to decline quarter-on-quarter to very negligible levels in Q4. So I hope that gives you a color on Q4. Now in terms of next year, we'll certainly turn the corner into the new fiscal year. We certainly provide guidance one quarter out. We've given you some great discussions here about the opportunities in front of us, opportunities with the hyperscales, the opportunities with the verticals. Omniverse is a full stack opportunity in front of us. We are securing supply for next year, not just for the current year and Q4, to allow us to really grow into so much of this opportunity going forward. But at this time, we're going to wait until next year to provide guidance.
Colette Kress: Thanks for the question. So let's first start in terms of supply or supply purchase agreement. You have noted that we are discussing that we have made payments toward some of those commitments. Not only are we procuring for what we need in the quarter, what we need next year and again we are planning for growth next year, so we have been planning that supply purchases, we are also doing long-term supply purchases. These are areas of capacity agreements and/or many of our different suppliers. We made a payment within this quarter of approximately $1.6 billion out of total long-term capacity agreement of about $3.4 billion. So we still have more payments to make and we were likely continue to be purchasing longer term to support our growth that we are planning for many years to come.
Colette Kress: Yes. So we have always been working on our gross margin and being able to absorb a lot of the cost changes along the way, architecture-to-architecture really. So that's always based into our gross margin. Our gross margins right now are largely stable. Our incremental revenue, for example, what we're expecting next quarter will likely align to our current gross margin levels that we finished in terms of Q3. Our largest driver always continues to be mix. We have a lot of different mix that has driven related to the high-end AI and RTX solutions, for example, and the software that is embedded in solutions have allowed us to increase our gross margin. As we look forward long-term, software if sold separately can be another driver of gross margin increases in the future. But cost changes, cost increases are -- generally been a part of our gross margin figures.
