David White: Thanks, Mike. Q3 was a strong quarter, driven by an improving PC market and better mix. Revenue was $903.2 million, above our guidance and up 16% sequentially, making the third consecutive quarter of top line strong growth.  Gross margin was 43.4%, 41% on a non-GAAP basis, significantly higher than guidance.  GAAP operating expenses was just under $284 million, marginally above guidance and GAAP net income was $107.6 million, or $0.19 per diluted share. Non-GAAP income was also $0.19 per diluted share.  Our core GPU business was particularly strong, up almost 25% sequentially. Within that, our desktop and notebook GPU segments were up 19% and over 41% respectively quarter over quarter. While demand was strong, we were supply constrained throughout the quarter, particularly in our 40-nanometer products. 40-nanometer products for desktop and notebook constituted 19% of our total GPU revenue in the quarter.  Our professional business saw another quarter of growth, up 11% sequentially. While revenues in this business are still well below their levels of a year ago, quotation activity continues to gain momentum and is encouraging. Gross margin improved sequentially as a result of several factors -- significantly higher than anticipated unit sales of GPUs; improved 55-nanometer yields as well as other cost reductions; and more favorable product mix across businesses, and particularly better mix within the GPU business itself.  Inventories at the end of the quarter were essentially flat compared with the prior quarter. Inventory days on hand improved to 47, calculated on a non-GAAP basis, a 4-day improvement over the second quarter. Inventory in the channel remains very low at around a month. With demand outstripping supply, we don’t see OEMs in the channel building inventory. Our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 is as follows -- revenue is expected to be up slightly, approximately 2% from the third quarter. While revenue for 40-nanometer products is expected to grow significantly quarter over quarter, we expect 40-nanometer products to be supply constrained throughout the quarter; GAAP gross margin is expected to be 40% to 42%, essentially flat with Q3 excluding the insurance reimbursement; GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of $305 million. This is up from the third quarter due primarily to our fourth quarter comprising 14 weeks versus the usual 13 weeks, as well as costs relating to a record number of product bring-ups.  This concludes our formal remarks so at this time, we’d like to open the call up for questions. Operator. 
David White: Doug, our process starts really at the very base line of our field sales force and we gather forecasts from the field, both the OEMs and to the extent we can, through the channels. We also at the same time try and correlate that with what market forecasters expect to be growth rates in the various end markets we participate in. And from that, we set revenue plans and from that, we set wafer start plans ultimately.  I think the challenge for probably everyone in the industry right now is that demand has been more robust than what anyone has been able to particularly foresee and given that you’ve got a 12 to 13 week lead time from the date you decide you want more volume to the date that you can ship that volume, we are being surprised by robust demand within that lead time and so it’s a good thing in some respects. I think the down side for us has been that as a result, we are -- we have been supply constrained. But we do look at a number of different inputs as it relates in terms of compiling our forecasts and trying to challenge our crystal ball, so to speak. 
David White: Well, I think the 14th week wasn’t as much of an impact on revenue as much as supply constraints was an impact on it, so the extra week didn’t actually buy us really anything, from a revenue standpoint. 
David White: Well, yes, the MCP61, which Jen-Hsun talked about earlier, is a low-end product for us and it does have lower ASPs than the Ion does, obviously and the Ion does have higher margins, so that did help uplift margins, yes. 
David White: Well, we don’t typically break it out separately one business versus another but certainly our GPU business would be up higher if we had more supply available to us than what we have guided. As I think we indicate in our commentary and so forth, our PSB business, we are seeing some positive traction there. We would expect it to be up. So I think our business across most of our platforms will all be up. It is just that they are going to be modest as a result of supply constraints. 
David White: If you look at historical quarters and so forth, we have much more turns business generally to generate than what we have in the last few quarters and as we have ramped our products and so forth, we’ve been -- we’ve had sufficient inventories in the past, you might say, to respond to some of the ramp that we have seen in the second quarter and the third quarter. But now we are to a point where we are really supply constrained -- I mean, my revenue is going to be determined not so much by our turns business we generate this quarter, it’s not going to be determined so much by the opening backlog we’ve got. It’s really determined by the amount of supply we’ve got available to us and we think we have a clearer picture at least of what that is today and our ability to build against that. 
David White: So let me go to your operating expense question first -- if you look at our operating expenses and the guidance we gave on the quarter, it is really -- the 14th week is a fairly sizable element of the increase from Q3 to Q4. But there are a couple of other pieces that kind of enter into it as well that was listed in the commentary and one of them is the fact that we are in the midst of launching and bringing up a record number of new products right now and those new products each require engineering wafers, they incur expenses for tape outs, they incur expenses for marketing materials and launches and so forth and so all those things combined have our bring-up expenses running at roughly 2X the rate that they were just a couple of quarters ago. That will not be permanent. We would expect that to go down sometime in the second quarter because we will still be bringing up some of these products in the first quarter but we would expect it to come down.  And then the other piece that I think we also indicated is in our legal expense have gone up as well during some of this time period and so those are the primary elements of the bridge but I do believe it will come down in Q1 and I do believe it will come down again in Q2 as we get some of these bring-ups behind us.  Going back to your question as it relates to gross margins, our non-GAAP gross margin -- well, our non-GAAP gross margins for the third quarter were 41% and we basically guided 40% to 42%, so I would say we guided flat. I wouldn’t say we guided down. The extra -- 
David White: We are guiding flat with the GAAP gross margins and the non-GAAP gross margins would be pretty much the same if you pull out the insurance reimbursement we got. So if you pull out the -- 
David White: It was $25 million, so if you pull the insurance reimbursement out and whether you look at it on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis, it is roughly flat quarter to quarter. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our primary AMD chipset today is a chipset called the MCP61. The MCP61 is the only single chip solution in the marketplace today and it enables the lowest cost solution for an AMD platform. There is really at this point nothing that I know how to do and nor do I believe anybody else can build a chipset that is as low cost at a system level as MCP61.  You know that the AMD market is primarily mainstream desktop and then you also know that for a variety of reasons, AMD CPUs lost share last quarter. And so when AMD CPUs loses share, they lose share primarily in the mainstream market and so that is basically what we experienced.  I don’t think we lost any share within the AMD CPU market. I think the AMD CPU lost share in the mainstream desktop PC market.  If the AMD CPU recovers some share relative to Intel, we’ll grow the MPC61 business again, and so my expectation is that for the foreseeable future, certainly well beyond several quarters, the MCP61 is going to be a wonderful chipset for AMD processors.  The second question is a longer term about our chipset. You know that we have a dispute with Intel and it is now impossible for us to build next generation chipsets with all the allegations that they are making in the market and with the dispute hanging over it.  We have one major generation of the current architecture post MPC79. It is a really exciting new MCP next generation and we are expecting it to be very successful. The customer feedback has been quite wonderful and while MCP79’s GPU capability already far exceeds that of Erindale, MPC89 will take it that much further and so MCP89 is our next major generation of this architecture, and so we have -- we are expecting our chipset business overall to do quite nicely through next year and beyond. The only thing that I have said and I want it to be very clear is that we have no intentions at this point of building a DMI based chipset but otherwise, we have ongoing investments as well as chipset developments in the current architecture. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, demand is really strong. We came into this quarter with very, very strong demand again. Last quarter we were supply constrained from the very first day of the quarter and it got more and more challenging as demand continued to grow. I think that Mercury Research showed that we lost market share. I think we did lose market share. We came out of the quarter not being able to fulfill several million units of demand [orders], not to mention the turns business that would have been on top of that. And so the demand on our GPUs at the moment is very, very high.  Is it because of Windows 7? It could be. You know, it’s -- I hope that it is and I hope that it is because people’s PCs are getting rather old and they could use a refresh. I hope that it is because the adoption of GPUs is higher than before. And so we are seeing very, very strong demand at the moment. I expect us to be supply constrained and the projections that we are giving you guys are a supply constrained forecast. And so I am expecting us to be supply constrained and we are going to fight really hard to make up as much as we can but demand is pretty strong out there right now. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: My sense is that we will see our -- and I am just giving you my crystal ball, who knows -- but based on our analysis, my sense is that our chipset business at a peak probably around Q3, Q4 next year, and no ramp down from there. And it just depends on available CPUs that we can connect to, customer demand for Ion, so on and so forth -- our competitiveness relative to Erindale CPUs. You know, Erindale has integrated graphics but MCP79 already has better GPU technology and MCP89 takes that even further and because Windows 7 requires Direct Compute and OpenCL and Direct Compute are becoming increasingly important, what we call GPU computing, I think that the disparity between our MPC and Intel’s integrated graphics is growing, not shrinking and it’s growing by leaps and bounds at the moment.  And so I think those are all [played] factors but without much estimation, I think that our chipset business is likely to continue to grow for the foreseeable future, or has the opportunity to grow, certainly. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We don’t -- we haven’t broken that stuff out but I think that this quarter, it’s pretty clear that everything grew. We have -- if you were following us in previous quarters, you knew that 65-nanometer was an element of our gross margin drag that we had to work through and as of last quarter, we had worked that mostly out of our system and so we are freshly, we are all 55 and all 40-nanometer.  Gross margins on 55 and 40-nanometer products are similar. There’s -- 55 is fine, it’s a perfectly gross margin and so will 40 be. And so I think that in terms of our main business, core mainstream business, it would be not having any 65s or having very little 65s that plays the biggest factor.  The second thing is PSG overall growing is very high leverage for us. You know that our position in the workstation business is very high and it’s high not because we have a fast chip only -- it’s high because the workstation business is really a solutions business and we offer tools and compilers and what we call application acceleration engines like ray tracing engines and scene graphs and shader compilers and they are integrated into design tools and CAD applications all over the world, not just the ones that are available on the open market but the ones that are indigenous to the OEMs themselves.  And so Quadro FX and all of the software that we have developed over the years, of which we make enormous investments, it has assured us a position that is very, very high in that marketplace. We just add a ton of value. It’s not just a graphics chip.  And so when that market recovers and it looks like it is recovering slowly every quarter, the margin leverage is very high.  And lastly, the consumer electronics market is also -- generates royalty payments and such and its gross margins are high too. And so I would attribute our -- most of that to be the gross margin drivers. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We have over 50 projects that we are working on at the moment to get shipping and that consists of portable media players, smartphones, what some people call tablets, what some people called pads, Internet television, and automobile. The automobile projects will ramp up starting 2012, in a couple of years. The other projects will ramp up -- we already shipped Zune and Samsung. The portable media players tend to go through shorter certification cycles, as you know. And then the others, you are going to start seeing projects ramping out into the marketplace starting in Q1 and so that’s a very important part of our business and we invested for quite a long time in this area we call mobile computing and we were just certain that some day the vast majority of us are going to demand computing everywhere.  We are going to demand Internet access everywhere and the full web experience whenever we can. And so this is an investment that I think is really, really starting to come home to roost.  We are experiencing our -- we are experiencing as an industry the second personal computing revolution and I think everybody would agree that this is -- this second personal computing revolution will likely be more important and larger than the first one. And so how would I see the near-term revenues? It’s doubling every quarter off of a small base and it is going to be a real -- it’s going to be a significant part of our business in the near-term and as soon as it becomes a sizable part of our business near-term over the next quarter or two, we will break it out and report it separately. But at the moment, it is just growing nicely. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Good questions. Two parts -- for our OEM business, most of that business is pulled from hubs, so we just have to monitor the hub pulls. And so whenever they deplete the hubs, we fill the hubs and so monitoring the hub pulls is a good indicator of the business rate and the hub pulls are surely up.  And the second thing is what we call differentiated solutions and there are things like digital video pipeline that we announced at NAB recently, which allows you to stream live video, high definition live video right into a compositor for graphics like you see on TV. We composite the 3D graphics and then we stream that right out into broadcast. That used to require many racks of computers and now we literally do it on using one quadro plex format, one little tiny box. So for a DVP and an SVS, which is our scaleable visual solutions, you know how cheap, how inexpensive flat panel displays have become and so many companies are starting to put multiple flat panel displays into a power wall configuration because of its resolution and productivity capability and also mostly because it has just become so inexpensive.  We created a scaleable visual solution that allows you to span a single application virtually across many, many computers and displays, or put many applications up on that power wall.  And so the thing that we see there is just the traction of the interest there and the design pipeline that is building there. And then starting the end of this coming quarter and the next quarter, we are going into a new product cycle and that new product cycle is based on [FIRMY] and we are going to bring to the market for the first time in history the ability to do raytracing interactively in every single workstation. Customers really ecstatic about that capability and I can't wait to revolutionize graphics again. And so that’s -- the short-term, it’s the pull and the design pipeline, which we track very carefully, and then shortly after that, the ramping of FIRMY GPUs. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: All good questions. One, I’m about to get visibility all the way through next year, it seems and so yes, when we are this constrained, customers have to work with us really carefully to make sure that their needs are well understood by us. And we are short of those needs. We came out of last quarter several million units short. That’s a lot of PCs. And we came into this quarter several million units short and my expectation is we don’t make it up. So the answer to your number two question is it surely constrains our growth. I think that we should have made -- there is probably an opportunity for us to have done somewhere between $50 million to $100 million more last quarter and certainly this quarter. And so it is certainly constraining our growth.  Is it contributing to -- would it contribute to share loss? Sure. We demonstrated that this quarter. We lost, according to Mercury Research, I think it was two or three points of market share and it was completely attributed to lack of supply. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: So let me see if I can break that down a bit -- I expect GeForce to grow next year, not only because the market will be healthier next year. There is real evidence that GPU adoption is increasing. There is -- and the enthusiasm behind FIRMY, our next generation GPU architecture, is just out of this world. I mean, it’s just way over the top. And the reason for that is this is because the first brand new architecture we have created in four years and instead of an incremental change to DX11, this is a fundamentally new architecture and the performance is fabulous. And so we are expecting to be very successful with FIRMY and all of its derivatives.  And so that is one -- the second thing is quadro, my expectation will do much, much better next year than this year by several hundred million dollars.  And number three, TESLA, which is our GPU computing product for super computing and for high performance computing and cloud computing, I believe that is going to be a growth market and there is every evidence that with all of the adoption out in the marketplace and the OEMs finally realizing that this is the architecture of the future, they are all ramping up to build heterogeneous computing or GPU computing based servers, so I expect TESLA to grow.  And then I expect TEGRA to grow a lot next year, and so -- not to mention our core logic. There is a very good bet that it is going to grow next year and obviously it will be our last generation. We will make modifications and adjustments to it and so it is hard to say whether it will ship for two years or two-and-a-half years or three years but surely it will be more than one-and-a-half years. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: The yields are improving. I would say that without exception, yields are better today than it was at the beginning of last quarter. [TSMC] and Moores and his entire management team are just intensely focused on this and they are making progress every single day.  Yield enhancement [inaudible] is NVIDIA's number one strategic objective now. It is all we do. If floods my entire email. That is all I talk about. That is all I think about. That is all we meet about. And so it is of vital interest to both of us that we get 40-nanometer yields up to the levels that are absolutely world class. And I have no question whatsoever that it will and based on the work that -- and the effort that the TSMC team is putting into it, I have every confidence, complete confidence that we will get there, and soon.  Relative to the allocation, you know obviously, I don’t know what other people are allocated -- all I know is this; we’re not allocated enough. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well you know, one of the things you can count on with NVIDIA is that we are always really clever and we have to be clever because we are not -- we don’t target the mainstream market. The baseline market is Intel integrated graphics. And it’s kind of like the house brand. You know, when you go to Safeway, it’s kind of like Safeway Select, it’s the house brand.  Our brand is the differentiated brand and when you put GeForce with an Intel processor, you get the differentiated product and that’s our business. It’s differentiation. And we are going to keep working hard to look for ways to architecturally enhance the PC experience and the PC platform so that our OEMs and ultimately the end users would have the benefit of a differentiated platform over the generic baseline Intel integrated graphics. And so that is our strategy and we have not run out of ideas by a long shot. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: The answer to your first two question is no and no. We shipped everything we had. We shipped everything we had in Q2. We shipped everything we had in Q3 and if our customers were willing to chairs and furniture, I would have shipped that too. So we -- there was just nothing left and we were still short by a few million parts.  In terms of next quarter, our guidance would be exactly the same whether it was a 14 week or a 13 week, and that basically tells you were are completely supply constrained. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Like I said, it is all supply constrained and if we have more time to build it, we certainly -- we would certainly build more but our demand is sufficiently high and we -- you probably already also know that we can only ship wafers that are outputted from the factor several weeks in advance. And so if you cut one of my weeks short but the wafers came out of TSMC, we would just rush it through the back end and ship it. And so if you cut our quarter down by three weeks, then it will surely affect our output but if you cut it back by a week, we will just increase our back-end capacity and ship more wafers that came out the week before that. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our PSG business is demand constrained, not supply constrained, so I agree with you there. And so we will ship as much as the market -- we will replenish as much as the market pulls. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We didn’t announce anything on graphics because it wasn’t graphics day. When we announce GeForce and Quadro, we are going to talk about the revolutionary graphics ideas that are designed into FIRMY and so we are looking forward to do that in the near future. And so please be patient with us -- the market is anxiously waiting and we have enthusiasts all over the world that are waiting for us to ship it. You know, every four years or so, we revolutionize the GPU with a brand new architecture. If you remember the G80, what became the GeForce 8800, was probably one of the most successful products in the history of our company and we’ve been doing incremental changes to G80 since then.  And now with FIRMY, it’s another revolutionary architecture and I’m expecting to take the GPU market up another notch. And relative to the competition, the market has really spoken -- although it’s a fast chip, it’s not that fast and it is basically an RV770 with DX11. And I think that you could incrementally make changes for a number of years but certainly not forever and we are going to really change the marketplace going forward with FIRMY and so that’s our focus and we are trying to get it shipped as soon as possible. The demand is really, really strong for it and we will tell you about all the great graphics features when we launch. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, there are many derivatives of FIRMY and so each one of the processors are designed to be the right size of its market. You know, back in the good old days, everybody used to tell me that MP10 was too big and then MP20 was too big and MP40 was too big, MP30 was too big -- it’s only too big if it doesn’t do anything and if it is -- but if the performance is excellent, what consumers enjoy is something that is surprising and delightful and shocking and just the next level. And that is what we have built for them. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, the demand for GTX275 and 285 and 295 is really high. We have nothing left. We’ve just got nothing left. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We shipped everything we could last quarter and we are not trying to keep any for a rainy day and so customers are just yanking parts of our hands and so we are just trying to keep up and our focus is just to keep up with our demand across the board. And the sacrifices that we have to make sometimes in our own channel products, particularly the high end so that we can fulfill OEM demand, is a sacrifice that we have to make and we made plenty of that this quarter and we will have to make some of it next quarter. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: It will not switch over quickly enough. The market demand for core 2 duos are still really, really strong because core 2 duo, as you know, is the best CPU that has probably been designed by anybody on the planet in the last 10 years. The core 2 duo is not just fast but it is fast and low power and it is just exquisitely engineered. Core 2 duo is -- 
Jen-Hsun Huang: -- where it is today, and so core 2 duo is what we connect to -- core 2 duo, Celerons, Pentium Ds, Atoms, so on and so forth -- that is where MCP79 and 89 are targeted. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: They don’t ever transition as fast as you characterize it. They are transitioning and they transition as fast as they can and some people might want to go to Erindale and some people might want to stay with core 2 duo with an MCP79 and some people might stay with core 2 duo with an MCP89, and then some people might want Atom plus 79 and -- so the market is a big and differentiated place. Everybody doesn’t want to build exactly the same thing. And the benefit of MCP79 and 89 is it allows customers to build different types of devices. The HP mini note that has the Ion chip in it, talk about the recognition that HP is getting. I think it’s the only box from HP that I see reviewed. I don’t remember a Lenovo notebook ever getting reviewed, with the exception of the Ion netbook that they recently shipped.  I think that the market is dying for differentiated type of products and so many OEMs will choose different strategies. I don’t think everybody wants to build exactly the same thing. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Next year is going to be an interesting first quarter because in fact, we will need more wafers than ever in Q1. And the reason for that is because -- and I mean more 40-nanometer wafers than ever in Q1 because we are ramping -- we are obviously fully ramping FIRMY for three different product lines, GeForce, Quadro, and Tesla. We will be fully ramping MCP89. We will be fully ramping TEGRA. Not to mention the 40-nanometer products that we currently have that are fully ramped up, and so I am expecting Q1 to be a pretty exciting quarter for us because we just have so many new products. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think we have a shot at having a growth quarter but again, it’s going to be completely supply determined. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we are really not that close to meeting anybody’s demands, so I am not really too worried about them ordering more. And so I don’t -- I just don’t think it’s an issue at the moment. Everybody is being allocated. I don’t have a single customer who is not being allocated and so that’s the first thing.  The second thing is that our growth is also coming from our professional solutions business, which I expected to grow, continue to grow. Our growth and therefore top line in margins will come from TEGRA, which consumes very little wafers but generates a lot of earnings. And so those two things, between TEGRA, our mobile computing business, and our TESLA server and cloud computing business, and our professionals business, I think we have a shot at growing through it all despite the supply constraints. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: I think as you can imagine, the conversation is really on supply and most of our conversations with our customers are all very emotional and all related to supply. We wish we could give them more. They wish we could get them more and this is a conversation we have with 100% of our customers. There is not a single customers that we have not at some level let down during the quarter and there is not one customer we will not let down in Q4 and we all feel terrible about it and we are beating ourselves up over it and you can tell from my tone that this is something that I am obviously not very happy about. But we are doing everything we can and I know all of our suppliers are doing everything they can. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: We don’t raise prices. There’s no such thing. I mean, raising prices because demand is high is just bad mojo, man. You don’t want to go there. 
Jen-Hsun Huang: The TEGRA question, we have all these different projects in the pipeline and all of these projects are rather engineering intensive. You know, one of the things about the embedded business is that it takes longer to get into, it takes longer to ramp -- we’ve been working on these projects now for -- some for almost a year and these embedded projects take a lot of custom engineering. And the benefit of the embedded business, of course, and the integrated business is that once you get designed in, then you ship for a lot longer and it’s just a very, very different business than the PC industry, which has very rapid turns and very rapid cycles. And so it has some benefits and it has some dis-benefits and I think that long-term, long-term being a year, this is going to be just a spectacular business. I think that TEGRA is one of -- we are one of two or three companies that is at the epicenter and the strike zone of mobile computing and I think that -- I don’t know how many companies wouldn’t want to be in our position with the TEGRA processor right now but it is just right down the middle of where the most important areas of innovation and where the most exciting areas of computing is happening right now, so I can't be more pleased. We just have to be patient. 
