Jen-Hsun Huang: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. In addition to Karen Burns, our Interim CFO, with me on the call today is our new Vice President of Investor Relations, Rob Csongor. Rob is a longtime veteran of NVIDIA and one of our original employees. He joined our company in 1995, and has since ran product marketing, launching our first product, NV1, was GM of our embedded business, and in 2003, I asked him to start our notebook GPU business. Our notebook GPU business is now approaching $1 billion a year and has just had a record quarter. Over the last 5 years, he was our VP of Corporate Marketing, responsible for many of the company's marketing initiatives. I'm very excited to welcome Rob to his new role, where he will bring his knowledge of NVIDIA and to serve the investor community and communicating the company's growth strategies. Please join me in welcoming Rob to his new job. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rob to begin our summary of second quarter of fiscal 2012.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, going to the first, the first part of the quarter looks pretty good. And bookings look strong. We don't see anything unusual across the world. And your question on segments, nothing unusual. I mean, frankly, nothing unusual.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We're expecting growth in enterprise. We're expecting growth, which is our Quadro and our Tesla business. We're expecting growth in our GeForce business. And we're expecting business to be steady as she goes on the Tegra business. We're ramping new tablets and new phones, introducing new tablets and new phones this coming quarter. In Q2, we introduced 6 new phones and 5 new tablets. Next quarter, we'll introduce more. And we're looking forward to those devices being successful as well.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We are now, I think, the only processor to be in production. We're shipping devices in Froyo, Gingerbread, as well as Honeycomb. And we just recently introduced and went to production with Honeycomb 3.2. If you look at our position now relative to a year ago, at this time, we had no operating systems shipping at the time. And in this business, having a stable operating system and having a full software stack translates to velocity. And so we've made really, really large investments in the Google operating system, as you know. And we have a great working relationship with those guys. And so as soon as our next generation processor Kal-El is ready for production, we can run like the wind, like we do in the PC industry. Now that we have a full software stack ready to go.
Jen-Hsun Huang: 28, we are far, far better prepared for 28 than we were for 40. Because we took it so much more seriously. We were successful on so many different nodes for so long that we all collectively, as an industry, forgot how hard it is. And so one of the things that we did this time around was to set up an entire organization that is dedicated to advanced nodes. And we've had many, many tests chips run on 28-nanometer. We have working silicon and, momentarily, about to go to production with 28-nanometer. And it's looking really good, it's looking much, much better than our experience with 40-nanometer. It's just a comprehensive, across-the-board engagement between TSMC and ourselves, and making sure that we're ready for production ramp when the time comes. So I feel really good about 28.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Our phone business ramped up towards the second half of the Q2. And so these devices are just now going to production. The Photon 4G, of course, was just announced. And the reviews have been fabulous. And I'm delighted to see Motorola build such a great phone. The Samsung Galaxy R just went to production. And so those 2 phones are really wonderful phones and the Motorola phones in China just went to production. And so Q2 -- those devices didn't contribute very much to Q2's business. And now, as we look forward to Q3, all of these phones that are ramping up, we now have something like 53 SKUs around the world. And we cover some 16 of the world's top 20 carriers. And so these devices are now just going into production. And so we look forward to seeing how they do. And our results will reflect that. But I think that the indicator that probably makes the most sense for me to watch and for all of us to keep an eye on is just the number of phones that go to production each quarter and the number of countries and carriers that we increasingly expose ourselves to. And I think the numbers will follow.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Not very much yet. The Icera modem technology was just recently approved by a very large carrier for a product acceptance this year. And they were approved for LTE multimode. Some companies have LTE modems and some company have 3G modems. Very few companies have LTE 3G, 4G multimode modems. And they passed 100% of the LTE testing. And in fact, the Icera modem is used in a very large number of the 3GPP industry standards body's testing. And it is the reference by which many modems are tested. And so I think that business will surely be very important to us in the LTE segment. And then a little longer term, our intention is to integrate the modem into our Integra application processors so that we can address this segment that is very fast growing and also very large, the mainstream segment of the smartphone market.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, that's a good question. We're trying to figure it out ourselves, to be honest. Because it's still a relatively small business, as you know. It's on its way to be a couple of $100 million business. And more and more OEMs are adopting it and are bringing it to market. Just this last quarter, we introduced the M 2090 module that goes into data center configurations from HP and Dell. And so we're ramping that business up. But it's still very much, at the moment, an application-driven business. The more applications we have ported, the greater the opportunity we will see. And so I don't know that in the near term right now, that it's tied to GDP or anything like that. I just think it's just way too small of a business to be affected by the global economy. People who are early adopters have very severe computation needs, and those severe needs exist whether the economy is doing well or not. Probably, more than anything right now, the lumpiness of the business comes from, occasionally, very large deals because they go into large data centers. And those design wins and installations don't happen on a regular basis yet. And so every now and then you'll see some lumpiness. But this is a business that just still being developed.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I would say right now, it's an application limited business. The more applications we have, the more applications we announce, the greater the market opportunity is, that's one. And then number 2, it's dependent on large data center design wins.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we really are just about the only high-performance computing, GPU computing processor company today. And the reason for that is because it's not just about having a chip, it's really about having an entire software stack, and developers who can help and work with software companies to optimize their software and having configurations that are designed to be server and enterprise caliber and enterprise ready, and having OEMs that bring these products to market. So this ecosystem is not trivial to build out, and we have a very large lead on that. And so we just have to keep getting those applications ported.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I guess it's probably about -- just on the mix question first, it's about 2/3 phones, and 1/3 tablets. Just because there's just so many phones. And we now have 53 SKUs of phones that are shipping. There'll be more phones shipping next quarter, and then there will be more phones shipping the quarter after that, new phones. And so that -- those are really the only indicators that I know because we're pretty new to this business, CJ, and we ramped it up pretty hard, and we have a whole lot of new design wins on Tegra 2, and we have a whole lot of new design wins on Kal-El. And so the only thing that I can watch is how many design wins do we have? And are they high-quality design wins from high-quality customers and OEMs? And when the phones and the devices come out, are they well-positioned? Are they really well-designed? And are they well-positioned as a product? And then, after that, we really don't know how to judge at the moment how well these devices will do. In terms of is the business on track, I would say that the business is doing better than on track in a sense that our design win momentum is better than ever. And Kal-El, it's going to be world's first quad-core processor. And it's so much higher performance than Tegra 2 and at so much lower power. And very few people have internalized that Kal-El is lower power in every use case compared to Tegra 2. And so this is, it's really a great breakthrough based on the technology we call variable SMP, variable symmetric multiprocessing, that makes it possible for us to achieve much higher performance where performance is needed and much lower power in almost everything that you do.
Jen-Hsun Huang: No, what you didn't pick up in Karen's comments was that underneath that is a chipset business that's declining. And so our growth is actually more than a $50 million quarter-to-quarter in the core businesses.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I don't think so. I think the numbers are -- our other businesses are so large in total dollar amounts, GeForce is growing, Quadro is growing, Tesla is growing. And Tegra, we'll see how it goes.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We have design wins in smartphones with a modem. And our expectation is that we would have our first smartphone with Icera modem in it about the Q1 timeframe of next year. We are nearly 100% passing on voice in all the major carriers and infrastructures. And we are 100% pass on LTE.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, if you look at the GPU business overall, over the course of the last 5 years, it grew from about 100 million consumer GPUs to 150 million this last year. We're at 150 million run rate. My expectation is that the overall GPU business, if you include the 2 pieces that we have a very large position on, that we by and large drive in the industry, the enterprise GPU business of Quadro and Tesla. If you combine those 2 with the consumer GPU business, the overall GPU business to us should grow faster than that. And so my sense is that the GPU business is going to continue to grow. And how big is it going to be in the coming years is kind of hard to say. But it's grown 100 million to 150 million over the last 5 years. And there was integrated graphics all the way along, there was competition from Intel and AMD all the way along. And so I think that is probably an early -- a good indicator. And on top of that, we've added Quadro and Tesla as growth vehicles for us in the overall GPU business. Our expectation next quarter is to grow share, and we'll come back and report it next quarter how well we do.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We're only literally 2 quarters into the shipment of Tegra. And there's 2 quarters left in the year, 2 big seasons left. So we're looking forward to them.
Jen-Hsun Huang: I guess I'm not sure that I understand the question myself. We've guided for next quarter, and we typically guide one quarter out.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Embedded entertainment is expected to do well next quarter. And we've had embedded entertainment businesses for quite a long time. These are -- consider them slot machines or entertainment machines like that. And our embedded business is likely to continue to grow over time. And the reason simply, reason being that you see displays all over the world in arcades, in malls, and these large displays need to have great graphic processors. And it's nice to -- we have a full platform that is with a great operating system on top of it that embedded customers could use. The embedded business will also grow into auto. We've already announced that starting next year, Audi would be 100% NVIDIA. And there will be many, many cars, other car companies to follow beyond that. And so I think our embedded business is going to continue to grow. We're expecting next quarter, specifically to your question, next quarter, we're expecting embedded entertainment to grow as well.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We don't know what's going to happen in the second half completely yet until it's done. For now, we -- our expectation is that we will gain share in the second half. How much, we don't know yet. And what was the other question? The notebook market, We're seeing all the same commentary that you see in notebooks. And my sense to what's happening is that the netbook part of the market, and the entry-level part of the notebook market is probably under a lot of pressure from tablets. And so in that part of the market, our computing strategy, our strategy is to build tablets, processor for tablets. The segment market that seems to be still relatively robust is the high-end part of the notebook market. As you know, our tablet is really wonderful, but it's no comparison to a high-end notebook. And if you're a high-end notebook customer, you probably have greater computing needs and greater digital content creation needs than a netbook customer. And so I think that tablets are not really a solution for that, but much better a solution for media consumption than media creation. So that segment of the marketplace we see are relatively, relatively, relatively strong. In terms of GPU attach rate, the GPU attach rate around the world is higher than the United States by far. For example, in China, the attach rate is about 80%. And in Europe, the attach rate of GPUs in consumer PCs is about 60 some-odd percent, 60% to 70%. Here, in the United States, the attach rate is only in the 20s. And I don't know exactly why. Maybe it's because people have a greater sense of value outside the United States, maybe people have -- use their PCs for more additional content. But nonetheless, the attach rate is much, much higher outside the United States. And as you know, the growth rate of PCs outside of the United States is higher than United States. And so I think that our GPU position for consumers and high-end notebook segments are doing quite well.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We try very hard to invest what we can afford. And as a result, we focus our investments on things that either have extraordinary growth opportunities, or something that we're really, really good at. And in the case of GPUs, it's something that we're very, very good at. It has grown from 100 million to 150 million units over the last 5 years. And because it's a growth business, we're going to continue to invest in that. Now, ideally, our SoC business, the Tegra business, in combination with Icera, will start in the near future to grow faster than the R&D that we've invested it. And so that's what we're looking forward to. Hopefully, we get to a point where we're investing R&D proportional to the growth that we're experiencing.
Jen-Hsun Huang: It's really hard to break out anymore. Because we increasingly have unified the engineering development in our company. We have one huge soft organization, and we have a very large deal of [indiscernible] design organization. And so it's hard to figure out exactly which part of it is for Tegra and which part of it is for GeForce.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, the only thing that, the only gauge that we have is bookings rate. And bookings rate is probably about as linear as I've ever remembered it for Q2. And bookings rate continues to be solid going to Q3. And so that's really about as much indicators as we have about the quality of the quarter.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We gain share in notebooks. But our desktop business was about flat share. Our workstation business is about flat share. But then on the other hand, our market share in workstations is very, very high. Our share in Tesla is flat. But then, of course, our market share there is practically 100%. So the answer, I guess, to your question is we gain share notebooks and we were flat share everywhere else. And next quarter, we're expecting small gain shares, and the rest of it would be coming from the market.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, Quadro's grown from several different areas. One, you mentioned Fermi. The Fermi GPU is just so much better than the last generation and can do so much more, and so that's one. The other is that people are using workstations for more and more applications. Digital video editing is a very large market and growing. And there's just so much more digital video content being created all over the world. And the third is global expansion, whereas the developing countries used to be a manufacturing-oriented culture and economy, it's increasingly a design-oriented economy. And so in order for movies and advertisement and products to be designed in China, they need workstations to do that. And so that's a really fabulous growth opportunity for us. And so we're seeing usage of workstations in more industries than ever. We're seeing that our GPUs can do more things. At Scene Graphs [ph] this week, we demonstrated a workstation that has the ability to not only visualize, but also simulate and visualize in realtime. It's technology we call Maximus, Quadro Maximus. And so all of these vectors are growth opportunities for workstations. Frankly, I wouldn't be surprised to see our workstation business continue to grow for many years to come. And just as the world continues to become more and more of a design environment, design economy, you're going to see other countries develop their capabilities and therefore they need the tools such as workstations.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We're not expecting much contribution from Icera next quarter either. The real growth of Icera is going to come from 2 things. One, as we launch our LTE MultiMode modems, their MultiMode modem is fabulous. And it's been fully tested and approved. And we're looking forward to shipping them in tablets early next year. So that's one. That's one growth. Just discrete, high-end, high-speed modems, where they have a really great expertise and something that they've been quite famous for, for a long time. The second area requires us to build a unified chip. And we're in a process of doing that. And that allows us to address the low-end part of the smartphone market with an integrated application processor and baseband. And that part of the marketplace is going to become quite large over the next several years. Analysts estimate that the mainstream smartphone market is going to grow to about 1 billion units by 2015, from a couple of 100 million units today. And so that part of the marketplace is really not well served today by anybody. And we had to go and build a highly integrated versions of application processor and modem that will address that. So those are the 2 growth opportunities for us with respect to Icera.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Yes. And the reason for that is because we like our -- I was trying to say it earlier, we like our revenues to start contributing. And the GPU business is, of course, growing quite nicely. The SoC business growing very fast, but off a very small base. We had 0 business in Tegra, practically, a year ago, and now it's a substantial business. But even at a few $100 million dollars a year, you can't build and sustain a world-class SoC business. At this level of play, if you want to build modern Android application processors, you better get that business up to $1 billion before R&D funds itself.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, I hope we can get there on a run rate basis some time next year. We'll try to get there as soon as we can.
Jen-Hsun Huang: At some level, it's weird to put an injunction on a product that's not selling. And so it must be selling really well. The early products had a clumsy launch, and we already talked about that. But the Android 3.1 and 3.2 are just fabulous. And the apps all followed, and more and more apps are showing up all the time, and these devices are getting better all the time. The WiFi version came out, and now they're at $399 [ph]. And you've got thinner devices, you have lighter devices, and now you have 7-inch devices coming out. So we that's the -- and you have the transformer from ASUSTeK. That's the power of an open platform like Android. That you have all these great companies who are innovating around it. And although it started out a little clumsy, it fixed itself very quickly. And now the Android devices are selling wonderfully. And I just saw the market share data. I thought that it showed 30% and growing. And it looks like the Android tablets are a huge success.
Jen-Hsun Huang: We have to build a great GPU that is on schedule when they want to use it. Their rhythm is a little bit off the rhythm of the PC industry. And their cycle is a little bit off of the cycle, the rest of the industry. And so we just have to make sure that we have the right GPU for them at the right time and we'll have a good shot.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Hope that it's higher. And the reason for that is because we like our top line to be growing faster than our investment. This last year, we had to invest in Tegra. And the Tegra investment is quite high, as you can imagine. We're building Android platforms and Windows 8 platforms. And all of these new platforms require investment. But we hope that our design wins will translate to revenues. And I'm very bullish about Windows 8, I think it's going to be an amazing operating system. Windows 8 tablets and Windows 8 clam shells that Tegra is going into, I hope will translate into real growth for our company in the second half of next year. And so the answer to your question is we like our operating margin to expand.
Jen-Hsun Huang: Well, we have lots of competition already. And the only 2 other players that we see these days have been in the application processor business for, well, since the beginning of Android. And so I don't know that they need a head start. In terms of Google, Ice Cream Sandwich, I don't have any comments on it. The only thing you could -- if you have questions on Ice Cream Sandwich, you should ask Google. But we have a great working relationship with Google. And we're working on Google operating system tablets and phones at every phone company and tablet company just about all over the world. And so we're looking forward to the next version, and we're expecting to be very successful with it.
Karen Burns: Thanks, Rob. Revenue for the second quarter was $1.02 billion, up 5.7% sequentially. GAAP gross margin of 51.7% was a record for the fourth consecutive quarter. Gross margin exceeded our expectations we had at the beginning of the quarter, primarily as a result of a more favorable product mix and our GPU and TFB businesses. GAAP OpEx was $351.3 million, in line with our estimates, as it includes $17.3 million of costs related to Icera, including costs of its ongoing operations and those related to its acquisition. Combined, these results generated a GAAP net income of $151.6 million, or $0.25 per diluted share. The dilutive effect of the Icera acquisition, including its results of operations and all acquisition-related costs, was $0.02 per diluted share. Consequently, net of the Icera acquisition, we achieved the high end of our outlook range for the quarter. Revenue by business segment was as follows. Our GPU business was relatively flat compared to the previous quarter, despite the continued quarter-over-quarter decline in our MCP revenue, as we end-of-life these products. Desktop was seasonally down, while notebook grew strongly, as we continued to gain share through the Sandy Bridge transition. We also benefited from the first full quarter of licensing revenue from Intel. Our professional business was up 4.2% from the prior quarter. Our Quadro professional graphics business increased sequentially, as we saw a pickup in enterprise IT spending, and as we continued our transition to Fermi generation products. Our Consumer business was up 36.8% over the prior quarter. Much of the increase was driven by game console royalties, which were seasonally up over the prior quarter, and customer refreshes and embedded entertainment products. Tegra revenue was steady, as the product ramps of our first quarter reached consumer. Icera's revenue contribution was not significant.  Turning to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter were $2.47 billion, down $252 million over the prior quarter, due primarily to the purchase of Icera for approximately $352.2 million. This was partially offset by our cash flow from operations of $82 million.  Accounts receivable at the end of the quarter was $419.9 million, up $76.7 million sequentially. Although our DSO increased 5 days from 33 to 38, our demand was relatively linear for a fiscal second quarter, and remained under our corporate average. Our inventories at the end of the quarter were $361.9 million, down 5% from $381 million in the prior quarter, as we actively managed production builds throughout the quarter.  Our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2012 is as follows. We see strengths in our business coming into the third quarter, and expect revenue growth of 4% to 6%. This is despite the ongoing decline from our discontinued MCP business. We expect gross margin in the third quarter to stabilize at the record levels achieved in Q2, both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Of course, we will work hard to continue to improve our gross margin. For operating expenses, we expect GAAP OpEx to be between $361 million and $366 million, with non-GAAP OpEx between $319 million and $321 million. The increase is primarily related to engineering costs for new product tape outs, verifications and qualification, and to account for a full quarter of Icera's ongoing cost from operations, as well as critical hires in key growth areas.  While we will continue to control expenses very tightly, we believe continued strategic investment in our business is critical to our company's future growth. In particular, within the mobile space, we will invest in supporting the next generation Windows on Tegra, ramping our baseband processor business and executing on design wins. We believe the tax rate will track near 16% for the rest of the year, resulting in an annual effective tax rate of about 15%. This outlook includes Icera.  That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions.
Karen Burns: It will be sequentially up again quarter-over-quarter, Sony royalties, not by a lot. But typically, the ramp for the game consoles is a ramp that just grows to Q3 as you go into Christmas, back-to-school. But Q3 is one of the strongest quarters.
Karen Burns: So quarter-over-quarter, product margins, excluding Intel royalties, is basically flat. We held up very strong ASPs, strong same cost. So I'm not really sure what you're looking at. Other than, of course, Icera, when you come into an acquisition, you have an accounting where you're going to basically step up your inventory to fair market value. You're not going to get a lot of lift from what we sold for Icera. So there's a little bit of drag there. But NVIDIA core is stable.
