Jensen Huang: Yeah. Thanks a lot. So let's take a quick step back. These large language models are fairly -- are pretty phenomenal. It does several things, of course. It has the ability to understand unstructured language. But at its core, what it has learned is the structure of human language. And it has encoded or within it -- compressed within it a large amount of human knowledge that it has learned by the corpuses that it studied. What happens is, you create these large language models and you create as large as you can, and then you derive from it smaller versions of the model, essentially teacher-student models. It's a process called distillation. And so when you see these smaller models, it's very likely the case that they were derived from or distilled from or learned from larger models, just as you have professors and teachers and students and so on and so forth. And you're going to see this going forward. And so you start from a very large model and it has a large amount of generality and generalization and what's called zero-shot capability. And so for a lot of applications and questions or skills that you haven't trained it specifically on, these large language models miraculously has the capability to perform them. That's what makes it so magical. On the other hand, you would like to have these capabilities in all kinds of computing devices, and so what you do is you distill them down. These smaller models might have excellent capabilities on a particular skill, but they don't generalize as well. They don't have what is called as good zero-shot capabilities. And so they all have their own unique capabilities, but you start from very large models.
Jensen Huang: The world has something along the lines of about $1 trillion worth of data centers installed, in the cloud, in enterprise and otherwise. And that $1 trillion of data centers is in the process of transitioning into accelerated computing and generative AI. We're seeing two simultaneous platform shifts at the same time. One is accelerated computing. And the reason for that is because it's the most cost-effective, most energy effective and the most performant way of doing computing now. So what you're seeing, and then all of a sudden, enabled by generative AI, enabled by accelerated compute and generative AI came along. And this incredible application now gives everyone two reasons to transition to do a platform shift from general purpose computing, the classical way of doing computing, to this new way of doing computing, accelerated computing. It's about $1 trillion worth of data centers, call it, $0.25 trillion of capital spend each year. You're seeing the data centers around the world are taking that capital spend and focusing it on the two most important trends of computing today, accelerated computing and generative AI. And so I think this is not a near-term thing. This is a long-term industry transition and we're seeing these two platform shifts happening at the same time.
Jensen Huang: And Stacy, if I could just add something. You say it’s H100 and I know you know what your mental image in your mind. But the H100 is 35,000 parts, 70 pounds, nearly 1 trillion transistors in combination. Takes a robot to build – well, many robots to build because it’s 70 pounds to lift. And it takes a supercomputer to test a supercomputer. And so these things are technology marvels, and the manufacturing of them is really intensive. And so I think we call it H100 as if it’s a chip that comes off of a fab, but H100s go out really as HGXs sent to the world’s hyperscalers and they’re really, really quite large system components, if you will.
Jensen Huang: Yeah, Atif. Let me take that for you. The L40S is really designed for a different type of application. H100 is designed for large-scale language models and processing just very large models and a great deal of data. And so that's not L40S' focus. L40S' focus is to be able to fine-tune models, fine-tune pretrained models, and it'll do that incredibly well. It has a transform engine. It's got a lot of performance. You can get multiple GPUs in a server. It's designed for hyperscale scale-out, meaning it's easy to install L40S servers into the world's hyperscale data centers. It comes in a standard rack, standard server, and everything about it is standard and so it's easy to install. L40S also is with the software stack around it and along with BlueField-3 and all the work that we did with VMware and the work that we did with Snowflakes and ServiceNow and so many other enterprise partners. L40S is designed for the world's enterprise IT systems. And that's the reason why HPE, Dell, and Lenovo and some 20 other system makers building about 100 different configurations of enterprise servers are going to work with us to take generative AI to the world's enterprise. And so L40S is really designed for a different type of scale-out, if you will. It's, of course, large language models. It's, of course, generative AI, but it's a different use case. And so the L40S is going to -- is off to a great start and the world's enterprise and hyperscalers are really clamoring to get L40S deployed.
Jensen Huang: Yeah. We have excellent visibility through the year and into next year. And we're already planning the next-generation infrastructure with the leading CSPs and data center builders. The demand – easiest way to think about the demand, the world is transitioning from general-purpose computing to accelerated computing. That's the easiest way to think about the demand. The best way for companies to increase their throughput, improve their energy efficiency, improve their cost efficiency is to divert their capital budget to accelerated computing and generative AI. Because by doing that, you're going to offload so much workload off of the CPUs, but the available CPUs is -- in your data center will get boosted. And so what you're seeing companies do now is recognizing this -- the tipping point here, recognizing the beginning of this transition and diverting their capital investment to accelerated computing and generative AI. And so that's probably the easiest way to think about the opportunity ahead of us. This isn't a singular application that is driving the demand, but this is a new computing platform, if you will, a new computing transition that's happening. And data centers all over the world are responding to this and shifting in a broad-based way.
Jensen Huang: Toshi, I'm reluctant to guess about the future and so I'll answer the question from the first principle of computer science perspective. It is recognized for some time now that general purpose computing is just not and brute forcing general purpose computing. Using general purpose computing at scale is no longer the best way to go forward. It's too energy costly, it's too expensive, and the performance of the applications are too slow. And finally, the world has a new way of doing it. It's called accelerated computing and what kicked it into turbocharge is generative AI. But accelerated computing could be used for all kinds of different applications that's already in the data center. And by using it, you offload the CPUs. You save a ton of money in order of magnitude, in cost and order of magnitude and energy and the throughput is higher and that's what the industry is really responding to. Going forward, the best way to invest in the data center is to divert the capital investment from general purpose computing and focus it on generative AI and accelerated computing. Generative AI provides a new way of generating productivity, a new way of generating new services to offer to your customers, and accelerated computing helps you save money and save power. And the number of applications is, well, tons. Lots of developers, lots of applications, lots of libraries. It's ready to be deployed. And so I think the data centers around the world recognize this, that this is the best way to deploy resources, deploy capital going forward for data centers. This is true for the world's clouds and you're seeing a whole crop of new GPU specialty -- GPU specialized cloud service providers. One of the famous ones is CoreWeave and they're doing incredibly well. But you're seeing the regional GPU specialist service providers all over the world now. And it's because they all recognize the same thing, that the best way to invest their capital going forward is to put it into accelerated computing and generative AI. We're also seeing that enterprises want to do that. But in order for enterprises to do it, you have to support the management system, the operating system, the security and software-defined data center approach of enterprises, and that's all VMware. And we've been working several years with VMware to make it possible for VMware to support not just the virtualization of CPUs but a virtualization of GPUs as well as the distributed computing capabilities of GPUs, supporting NVIDIA's BlueField for high-performance networking. And all of the generative AI libraries that we've been working on is now going to be offered as a special SKU by VMware's sales force, which is, as we all know, quite large because they reach some several hundred thousand VMware customers around the world. And this new SKU is going to be called VMware Private AI Foundation. And this will be a new SKU that makes it possible for enterprises. And in combination with HP, Dell, and Lenovo's new server offerings based on L40S, any enterprise could have a state-of-the-art AI data center and be able to engage generative AI. And so I think the answer to that question is hard to predict exactly what's going to happen quarter-to-quarter. But I think the trend is very, very clear now that we're seeing a platform shift.
Jensen Huang: Well, working backwards, we don't use that to prioritize the allocation of our GPUs. We let customers decide what networking they would like to use. And for the customers that are building very large infrastructure, InfiniBand is, I hate to say it, kind of a no-brainer. And the reason for that because the efficiency of InfiniBand is so significant, some 10%, 15%, 20% higher throughput for $1 billion infrastructure translates to enormous savings. Basically, the networking is free. And so, if you have a single application, if you will, infrastructure or it’s largely dedicated to large language models or large AI systems, InfiniBand is really a terrific choice. However, if you’re hosting for a lot of different users and Ethernet is really core to the way you manage your data center, we have an excellent solution there that we had just recently announced and it’s called Spectrum-X. Well, we’re going to bring the capabilities, if you will, not all of it, but some of it, of the capabilities of InfiniBand to Ethernet so that we can also, within the environment of Ethernet, allow you to – enable you to get excellent generative AI capabilities. So Spectrum-X is just ramping now. It requires BlueField-3 and it supports both our Spectrum-2 and Spectrum-3 Ethernet switches. And the additional performance is really spectacular. BlueField-3 makes it possible and a whole bunch of software that goes along with it. BlueField, as all of you know, is a project really dear to my heart, and it’s off to just a tremendous start. I think it’s a home run. This is the concept of in-network computing and putting a lot of software in the computing fabric is being realized with BlueField-3, and it is going to be a home run.
Jensen Huang: DGX Cloud's strategy, let me start there. DGX Cloud's strategy is to achieve several things: number one, to enable a really close partnership between us and the world's CSPs. We recognize that many of our -- we work with some 30,000 companies around the world. 15,000 of them are startups. Thousands of them are generative AI companies and the fastest-growing segment, of course, is generative AI. We're working with all of the world's AI start-ups. And ultimately, they would like to be able to land in one of the world's leading clouds. And so we built DGX Cloud as a footprint inside the world's leading clouds so that we could simultaneously work with all of our AI partners and help blend them easily in one of our cloud partners. The second benefit is that it allows our CSPs and ourselves to work really closely together to improve the performance of hyperscale clouds, which is historically designed for multi-tenancy and not designed for high-performance distributed computing like generative AI. And so to be able to work closely architecturally to have our engineers work hand in hand to improve the networking performance and the computing performance has been really powerful, really terrific. And then thirdly, of course, NVIDIA uses very large infrastructures ourselves. And our self-driving car team, our NVIDIA research team, our generative AI team, our language model team, the amount of infrastructure that we need is quite significant. And none of our optimizing compilers are possible without our DGX systems. Even compilers these days require AI, and optimizing software and infrastructure software requires AI to even develop. It's been well publicized that our engineering uses AI to design our chips. And so the internal -- our own consumption of AI, our robotics team, so on and so forth, Omniverse teams, so on and so forth, all needs AI. And so our internal consumption is quite large as well, and we land that in DGX Cloud. And so DGX Cloud has multiple use cases, multiple drivers, and it's been off to just an enormous success. And our CSPs love it, the developers love it and our own internal engineers are clamoring to have more of it. And it's a great way for us to engage and work closely with all of the AI ecosystem around the world.
Jensen Huang: A new computing era has begun. The industry is simultaneously going through 2 platform transitions, accelerated computing and generative AI. Data centers are making a platform shift from general purpose to accelerated computing. The $1 trillion of global data centers will transition to accelerated computing to achieve an order of magnitude better performance, energy efficiency and cost. Accelerated computing enabled generative AI, which is now driving a platform shift in software and enabling new, never-before possible applications. Together, accelerated computing and generative AI are driving a broad-based computer industry platform shift. Our demand is tremendous. We are significantly expanding our production capacity. Supply will substantially increase for the rest of this year and next year. NVIDIA has been preparing for this for over two decades and has created a new computing platform that the world’s industry -- world’s industries can build upon. What makes NVIDIA special are: one, architecture. NVIDIA accelerates everything from data processing, training, inference, every AI model, real-time speech to computer vision, and giant recommenders to vector databases. The performance and versatility of our architecture translates to the lowest data center TCO and best energy efficiency. Two, installed base. NVIDIA has hundreds of millions of CUDA-compatible GPUs worldwide. Developers need a large installed base to reach end users and grow their business. NVIDIA is the developer’s preferred platform. More developers create more applications that make NVIDIA more valuable for customers. Three, reach. NVIDIA is in clouds, enterprise data centers, industrial edge, PCs, workstations, instruments and robotics. Each has fundamentally unique computing models and ecosystems. System suppliers like OEMs, computer OEMs can confidently invest in NVIDIA because we offer significant market demand and reach. Scale and velocity. NVIDIA has achieved significant scale and is 100% invested in accelerated computing and generative AI. Our ecosystem partners can trust that we have the expertise, focus and scale to deliver a strong road map and reach to help them grow. We are accelerating because of the additive results of these capabilities. We’re upgrading and adding new products about every six months versus every two years to address the expanding universe of generative AI. While we increased the output of H100 for training and inference of large language models, we’re ramping up our new L40S universal GPU for scale, for cloud scale-out and enterprise servers. Spectrum-X, which consists of our Ethernet switch, BlueField-3 Super NIC and software helps customers who want the best possible AI performance on Ethernet infrastructures. Customers are already working on next-generation accelerated computing and generative AI with our Grace Hopper. We’re extending NVIDIA AI to the world’s enterprises that demand generative AI but with the model privacy, security and sovereignty. Together with the world’s leading enterprise IT companies, Accenture, Adobe, Getty, Hugging Face, Snowflake, ServiceNow, VMware and WPP and our enterprise system partners, Dell, HPE, and Lenovo, we are bringing generative AI to the world’s enterprise. We’re building NVIDIA Omniverse to digitalize and enable the world’s multi-trillion dollar heavy industries to use generative AI to automate how they build and operate physical assets and achieve greater productivity. Generative AI starts in the cloud, but the most significant opportunities are in the world’s largest industries, where companies can realize trillions of dollars of productivity gains. It is an exciting time for NVIDIA, our customers, partners and the entire ecosystem to drive this generational shift in computing. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
Colette Kress: So thanks for that question regarding our supply. Yes, we do expect to continue increasing ramping our supply over the next quarters as well as into next fiscal year. In terms of percent, it's not something that we have here. It is a work across so many different suppliers, so many different parts of building an HGX and many of our other new products that are coming to market. But we are very pleased with both the support that we have with our suppliers and the long time that we have spent with them improving their supply.
Colette Kress: Sure, Stacy. Let me help. Within the quarter, our HGX systems were a very significant part of our Data Center as well as our Data Center growth that we had seen. Those systems include our HGX of our Hopper architecture, but also our Ampere architecture. Yes, we are still selling both of these architectures in the market. Now when you think about that, what does that mean from both the systems as a unit, of course, is growing quite substantially, and that is driving in terms of the revenue increases. So both of these things are the drivers of the revenue inside Data Center. Our DGXs are always a portion of additional systems that we will sell. Those are great opportunities for enterprise customers and many other different types of customers that we're seeing even in our consumer Internet companies. The importance there is also coming together with software that we sell with our DGXs, but that's a portion of our sales that we're doing. The rest of the GPUs, we have new GPUs coming to market that we talk about the L40S, and they will add continued growth going forward. But again, the largest driver of our revenue within this last quarter was definitely the HGX system.
Colette Kress: Okay. So thank you, Toshiya, on the question regarding our types of customers that we have in our Data Center business. And we look at it in terms of combining our compute as well as our networking together. Our CSPs, our large CSPs are contributing a little bit more than 50% of our revenue within Q2. And the next largest category will be our consumer Internet companies. And then the last piece of that will be our enterprise and high performance computing.
Colette Kress: And let's see if I can answer your question regarding our software revenue. In part of our opening remarks that we made as well, remember, software is a part of almost all of our products, whether they're our Data Center products, GPU systems or any of our products within gaming and our future automotive products. You're correct, we're also selling it in a standalone business. And that stand-alone software continues to grow where we are providing both the software services, upgrades across there as well. Now we're seeing, at this point, probably hundreds of millions of dollars annually for our software business, and we are looking at NVIDIA AI enterprise to be included with many of the products that we're selling, such as our DGX, such as our PCIe versions of our H100. And I think we're going to see more availability even with our CSP marketplaces. So we're off to a great start, and I do believe we'll see this continue to grow going forward.
