Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox; Marilyn Spiegel; and Ian Coughlan. Also on the line are Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Sure. Thanks, Carlo. We reached an important inflection point with the opening of Boston from a free cash flow perspective. We're excited about that. It gives us a lot of opportunity to think about how we might return capital to shareholders. We've historically stated that we preferred dividends and the recurring valuation impact that we get from recurring dividends. But as you see in the quarter we're not afraid to return capital to shareholders in other ways. It really is dependent -- stock price dependent. We are -- we try to be opportunistic with respect to our buybacks. Again I think you saw that in the fourth quarter and so we'll watch out the equity trades and how the equity is valued over the course of the coming few quarters.
Craig Billings: Yes. Hey Felicia, it's Craig. I'll take that. We've heard that as well. We continue to be comfortable overall with 2019 in rate across the different categories. There may be shifts between quarters. As an example, we have a large group that's moving from Q1 to Q2 and so you could see RevPAR fluctuations between those two quarters. But overall, we feel fine about 2019. The Q4 results which as Marilyn mentioned was underpinned by very strong group was also positively impacted by high casino room nights, high ADR room nights in the casino which as you know are generally comp rooms. So overall, we feel fine. I wouldn't extrapolate the numbers that we turned in Q4, but we're sanguine.
Craig Billings: No. I think that's right. And as we talked about Harry, we will look at all the routes to make sure that we have portion the appropriate amount of that free cash flow to shareholders.
Craig Billings: Hey it's Craig. So, yes, great question. So, if you look at 2019 and I think we were pretty explicit with some of the sell-side analyst subsequent to the Q3 call to try to help frame up Las Vegas. But just to reiterate some of that. If you look at our first quarter of 2018, it was I think a record first quarter for the property ever. So, we're --
Craig Billings: Yes – no, I can't. And so what I said on the last call was that these projects typically take about five years. There's a couple of years of design and development and maybe I should have said something different. It's a couple of years of design. So I think we are a couple of years away from actually being able to answer what that project and budget will look like. We are thinking about what could come next and what could be different because the more rooms, more casino, more slots and more retail is not going to cut it. So that is – it’s a very early stages and we're really lucky to have 38 acres on The Strip. 
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig, and thank you, everyone for joining us today on this conference call. Before we just dive right into the fourth quarter numbers, I’d like to make a few opening remarks. 2018 was a year of transition for our company and that transition is now over. We have a fully reconstituted board with Phil Satre as the Chair, working very well with management. In North America, we've hired a number of key people. We hired a new Chief Marketing Officer that started about two months ago. We've hire a new Head of Human Resources for all of North America. And within the last 30 days, we've hired Marilyn Spiegel, who is sitting beside me today as the new President of Wynn Las Vegas. I'd like to welcome Marilyn back because she did work with us for three years in this role, almost 10 years ago and I'm really excited to work with her. 
Matt Maddox: So we remain watching the situation with caution, but I think as all companies around the world are doing global growth is uncertain and where the trade wars end up is also uncertain. We continue to experience peaks and valleys in Macau, but as you can see from this quarter, we being at the premium end of the market, we can control what we can control. We can't control the certitudes of the market. And so I feel really good about where Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau are positioned in the market, but we are still waiting to see I think like the rest of the world, what the market and how the growth will play out globally.
Matt Maddox: I'll start that Joe then I'll turn it over to Ian. I think that we, in the fourth quarter you could feel at Wynn Macau some of that disruption and I think that those volume levels, again all market dependent are in this range and sort of what we're expecting until we can re-launch the property at the end of the year. So I do know Ian if you want to follow up on that. 
Matt Maddox: And just as you see the first two quarters of 2018 were quite strong for Wynn Macau and a lot of that was bolstered by mid-tier junkets which has really been the segment in Macau that has declined by far the most. So…
Matt Maddox: Sure. So we talk about this a lot to try to decide if there's a trend that we're noticing. I was in Macau two weeks ago and met with Head of Suncity, Alvin, in particular to talk about what he think and collections are not an issue right now. Liquidity doesn't appear to be an issue. It's really more caution. So this is not the scenario that we saw in 2014 and 2015. That's not the case at all. We're not having any of our junket operations come to us and ask us for additional advance which is -- that's usually a clear indication of a credit bubble. 
Matt Maddox: Yes from both. I think everyone's learned a valuable lesson, in particular, the really large players that had a multibillion-dollar business. And so again the mid-tier junkets are the ones that we've seen decline, but the three major junket operators still appeared to be healthy. 
Matt Maddox: Yeah. Look, I think, we're going to defend our position on The Peninsula as the premium property. And knowing that the mid-tier junket business is not reliable, we're actually gravitating the business model away from that. And two, over the long-term the premium mass model, which Wynn Macau there's a very well and I think the -- our Encore casino is probably highest grossing mass tables in all of Macau or Cotai. And so what we want to do is replicate that experience and not rely on mid-tier junket operators. So, really repositioning that property for the future.
Matt Maddox: Well, clearly premium mass business is more profitable than mid-tier junket business. So we're not just focus -- we don't generally focus on monthly gaming market share given what happens between VIP slots and mass. We're focused on where do we position ourselves in the Greater Bay region and area with 60 million people, a GDP of over $3 trillion a new bridge that's connected Macau to one of the busiest and nicest airports in the world. How do we position ourselves for the future, and how we do that as we focus on their premium customer, it's making the decisions about where they want to go and where they want to stay. And that's what we're doing at Wynn Macau.
Matt Maddox: Well, we are clearly internally working towards opening June 23rd. We did I'm sure you saw the press settled here in the state of Nevada on the regulatory issues. Everything except the fine. There is no limit on our licenses. There are no current employees under review, and we're really looking forward to working with the Massachusetts regulators and the gaming commission to get through the process there. I want to commend the regulators for the extensive and thorough work that they've done in Massachusetts. They've taken this extremely seriously and I think that they've done a very good job and we're now just looking forward to a hearing being sent and for us to present our case.
Matt Maddox: Operator, do we have any more questions? Operator: Yes. This question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Matt Maddox: Sure. I actually completely disagree that the growth pipeline runs out. We have $0.5 billion of capital that will be deployed in Las Vegas and opened in 2020 and that will have real impact on this property and the operating leverage property. In Wynn Macau that is another re-launch of a new property and that's about 2020. And we're designing what I think will be a real game changer for Macau with the Crystal Pavilion and with the new hotel rooms at Wynn Palace, that will be a large project and we think that it is going to solidify Wynn Palace as the place to go in the Greater Bay region. So if you look at the way that we're stair stepping these things, sure we'll be opening a $2.6 billion property wrapping in June, wrapping up a $500 million expansion in Las Vegas in 2020, wrapping up a $200 million expansion in Wynn Macau at the end of this year, but we'll be rolling right into what we're doing at Wynn Palace. We are also very active in new markets. While you don't count the chickens before they hatch I think we're well positioned in Japan. That's – we're working on that over the next – right now we have our designers here. Ian's here with me. We're focused on putting forward what we think will be without a doubt the most innovative and creative project and presentation in Japan. And I think we're well positioned there. That's further down the road, but we are going to continue to do those things and do them at the highest level.
Matt Maddox: I talk to Phil probably three or four times a week he is a great resource. I have a really good relationship with him. I don't think he is interested in getting back on the earnings conference calls at Wall Street. He's running boards. He is the Chairman of the Nordstrom Board before stepping down. He's been on a number of boards. So he's really as the Chairman of our Board focused on being a board member and not in golf.
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure. I think as I said in my opening remarks, Las Vegas is a marketer's market. I think we will be focused on how are we going to increase our share in casino revenue and how we're going to drive our rate. We have structural -- new construction programs that are coming in to help us drive rate. That will start in 2020, but we're focused right now every day on how are we're going to gain share on the casino side, in particular, the domestic side, and grow our baccarat business because it's worth looking in our global profile. We will now have three regions that our high-end customers will want to visit. They will want to go to Boston. There are a lot of direct flights from Asia straight to Boston. They will want to come to Las Vegas. And so we're all working on how are we going to create the Wynn experience globally so that we can continue to take share from our competitors.
Matt Maddox: So Cotai continues to take share from The Peninsula, but The Peninsula is still an enormous market. And what we're going to do is, we're going to continue to focus to take share on The Peninsula. You're exactly right. Some of our competitors had some premium mass smoking rooms that are now at a level playing field. We are as focused on The Peninsula as we are at Wynn Palace because it is a very large market and we think that we can continue to get ahead of our competitors. 
Ian Coughlan: As we look at the construction program it's essentially over 12 months. We've already gone through three months of it. We do manage with a great team at Wynn Macau to contain the impact and any business damage, but there's clearly disruption and it will increase over the next six months. Areas will be inaccessible. There will be a reduction in certain table play. It does affect customer base. So, but we are hopeful that we can minimize the impact and run along from our fourth quarter and keep going until the fourth quarter of this year. 
Ian Coughlan: There's also much tighter regulation off the junket market and the DIC and DICJ and the governments have done an excellent job in bringing very professional levels of management to the junkets. The exposure we had a number of years ago has dissipated. 
Ian Coughlan: I think the share drop you're looking at is very Wynn Macau focused and it's linked to what we've referred in the previous call about this arrival of eight new junket rooms in the city and a shrinkage in mid-tier junkets generally and that has affected Wynn Macau. Wynn Palace continues to do very well on the share basis and Mass Market in both properties is doing very well. It's really just junkets VIP at Wynn Macau.
Ian Coughlan: Thomas, this is Ian. On the bridge it's only been open a few months, but there's already a distinct benefit for premium mass and VIP players. I'll just give you my own personal example. I was flying out to Vegas yesterday. I took a car from Wynn Palace and I was checking in with Cathay Pacific in an hour and two minutes from leaving Wynn Palace. That's remarkable. It's a huge boon for people that want to arrive in Hong Kong Airport. Hong Kong Airport has 3.5 times the number of daily flights from the PRC than Macau Airport does. So it opens that up for us and also just international travel in general. Long term that's a significant archery linked to what Matt was discussing about the Greater Bay area. So we feel it's a huge relevant piece of infrastructure that's going to benefit the city over the coming years. On the smoking ban, it's still early days but we're delighted because it levels the playing field. We've been at a disadvantage particularly in Cotai with these grandfathered in mass area tables that had smoking allowed. Now everybody is operating from the same template and we believe it's a big advantage for us in Cotai in particular. Too really early to judge if it's affected a speed of play etcetera, but right now we're happy to have the ban in place and everybody operating at the same rules. 
Ian Coughlan: So our slot business again being at the premium end of the market is very swayed by big players and the movement of big players is unpredictable just as Wynn Palace generated 50% more in revenue in December. A lot of that was due to the arrival of some big players that weren't expected, similarly in slots it gets affected like that. So it's really linked to more volume. 
Ian Coughlan: So, this is Ian. On the 1,004 keys, we'll add our peak at 100 rooms in Encore out of order and that will transpire over a period of four to five months.
Ian Coughlan: So, Downton Macau has been pretty consistent. About 95% of the rooms go to active casino customers. At Wynn Palace, we've been pulling it up from 47% 18 months ago up to 81% for the fourth quarter. I mentioned at a previous call, we could always go all the way to 100% and that would be ideal but we're doing two things. We're working at driving the percentage, but more importantly behind the scenes we're looking at providing a better quality of customer. We're doing that by booking customers in advance. Macau is a hard market for people walking in on the day and taking rooms and people being comped on the floor. We like the book more of that in advance. So the ADT has come up as well. So we're seeing the benefit of that you can see it in the Palace numbers. 
Ian Coughlan: So it's a 2020 beyond story. This year is the year of renovation. What I think is under looked is the Wynn Club side of the Wynn Tower at Wynn Macau actually contains all of our suites. So geographically, we're creating a premium mass area directly onto those suites with new F&B additions, two new entry points from the boardwalk, walkway between Lisboa and MGM. So we see that, firing up that side of the property. So we definitely feel we will take a much higher percentage of premium mass business downtown as markets recover. So this is a long-term fund for the future. 
Ian Coughlan: But it doesn't really -- conversation at this point rather it's not something to put into your mind.
