Craig S. Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Maurice Wooden. Also, on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto, and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig S. Billings: You're right, Felicia. We don't give guidance. I think what we were trying to do is give you some color on how July is playing out, and I think what we've seen is a resurgence in the business from what we saw in Q2. And that's really what we're saying right now.
Craig S. Billings: With respect to share buybacks, we're an EBITDA-based valuation. So we don't get a lot of EPS credit. To the extent that the stock was extremely cheap, we would obviously Hoover it up. But as Matt said, we're very focused on returning capital and getting predictable long-term credit for that, which really means through the recurring dividend.
Craig S. Billings: Hey, Robin. It's Craig. You should think about it that way. It's about 100 basis points of incremental payroll that we are incurring due to some regulatory changes and a general COLA increase. Of course, over the longer-term, we'll continue to grow revenue and drive operating leverage here in Vegas. But in the short-term, we are experiencing some modest pressures.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. The year-over-year was 20% and the sequential was June to July, month-to-month, well, up over 20%. And we saw a broad-based resurgence in both VIP and mass. What was interesting was in the back two weeks of the quarter, we really began to see the acceleration. Mass revenues or mass drop grew about 15% in the last two weeks of July compared to the first two weeks. So July has been quite good for us.
Matthew O. Maddox: That's right. We have a lot more work to do on the master planning, and we'll be talking more about that near the end of this year or early next year.
Matthew O. Maddox: Well, July is just a much stronger month than June, given the World Cup impact and what was going on due to seasonality. Ian, I'll let you take up what you're seeing in July.
Matthew O. Maddox: No. And Felicia, it's Matt. One thing I should point out is our market share in July, all normal hold, was 17%; the second highest that we've ever experienced in our history. So new competition does not mean market share loss. What we have with Wynn Palace is we're actually opening two new restaurants within the next two months, and then we're continuing this expansion. Wynn Palace is going to continue to be a market share taker. We still have Lisboa coming up, we have the light rail that will be opening at some point in the near future. We will become the hub of activity in the center. And with Wynn Macau downtown, with the reinvestment that we're going to be putting into the original casino, it will really revitalize that property. And so, I believe that both Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace are going to continue to increase their share.
Matthew O. Maddox: So the room renovation will begin in the next few months and we're trying to stage it to not have as much, too much disruption. But clearly, as you know, that always exists. So we're working through how we're staging the rooms that are out of commission, how long we're going to have them out of commission and what that will mean. I don't have an exact answer as to what the impact will be. Again, we are trying to minimize it. It will be short term, obviously.
Matthew O. Maddox: Okay. So in terms of the premium mass piece, what we saw, obviously, in the first quarter, we had a really, really strong March, in particular downtown at the Peninsula. And the premium mass segment, as you know, faded off into the May and June period. May was not as strong as we had anticipated, but we've really seen it come back in July. So we're anticipating the Macau market, even with some – August should not be that tough of a comp given what happened last August, but we believe that the Macau market is going to continue to grow.
Matthew O. Maddox: And that's always short-term and it has been for the last 40 years in every market. When you chase business with creditor price, you end up backing off. So our product is strong. We're moving some of our junkets around in Wynn Macau with a couple of new rooms. And so, we feel very good about our position there.
Matthew O. Maddox: That's right. We can't tell you exactly what it's going to be. We don't have everything on the books. But we're far ahead in our pacing, which should give us more pricing power going into 2019.
Matthew O. Maddox: And just to put it in perspective. When we plan, we plan for the long -term. And so, Macau is going to be the entertainment hub of the Greater Bay region which going to be an interconnected 60 million population city with a GDP of over $1.5 trillion. One of the largest underground rail stations is being built right outside Macau. Everyone talks about the bridge. But this Greater Bay region is going to be one of the most visited and powerful places on the planet over the next 10 years. So I am a big believer in the Peninsula. I'm a big believer in Macau, in Cotai, in Hengqin Island in that area. It's really at the heart of some of the largest scale development in terms of infrastructure and wealth creation in the world.
Matthew O. Maddox: Clearly, there would be a direct EBITDA contribution. Without giving a forecast, what we've seen is when we hold special events in our ballroom, we oftentimes – a couple of times a month will hold concerts for regional acts that are quite popular. Anywhere, they will have between 900 to 1,000 people in attendance. We see significant pickup in our gaming activity. And so, we really think that our premium customers to get them to come more often and stay longer are expecting these types of experiences along with the additional culinary experiences that they can't get anywhere else in the region. So those are really intended to focus on the premium customer and the length of stay. And based on what we've been doing over the last 10 years, we feel very comfortable that this is going to help drive additional share gain.
Matthew O. Maddox: We are focused on capital returns, whether that's through capital deployment or returning straight to shareholders. As you know, David, we have a preference, and I've always had a strong preference for dividends. Recurring and increasing growth in the dividends, I believe, provides stability in the stock and enhances our shareholder base. So that's something, as a management team, we will also be very focused on.
Matthew O. Maddox: That's right. I like a predictable dividend that grow each year along with the business. That's our philosophy and it'll always be based on business volumes, but predictable dividend growth is something that we will always be focused on.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. So I'll first start with the capital deployment. So before I became the CEO, we were about to launch a $3 billion-plus theme park attraction with a resort in Las Vegas. We were not as focused on Macau. And so, what I've done since I've gotten here and taken this role over is brought in some of the people that have always been behind the curtain on the creativity side, some of the people that I mentioned earlier. And we've focused intently on the expansion in Macau, on renovating Wynn Macau, and rethinking what it is that we're going to do in Las Vegas to ensure that it will add significant value to Wynn Las Vegas, but also to the shareholders. So there were years and years in planning that I have changed course on and feel very comfortable with the direction that we're going. And we continue to have real focus on, as we always have, service levels and product. I'm not someone that's going to be cutting expenses to get to the bottom line. That's the quickest way to cut the stock price. We're a revenue-based company. We're going to continue to grow revenue, take share and build the best product. I've just shifted where our focus is. And I'd say that's probably over the last couple of months for the external factors one of the single largest changes. Internally, clearly, you've seen lots of refresh on the board. You've seen we've had lots of changes in terms of some of our policies, procedures and the things that we're doing. But our capital deployment strategy has probably been the single biggest change.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yeah. Again, we don't want to be giving Q4 guidance right now and we're not going to complete on price. When new rooms open, as Ian pointed out, junkets will often times shift players over to show their new rooms. They expand the liquidity. It hits the market like a freight train. There's lots of credit coming out of that product. That has been going on in Macau for a long time. We don't forecast our business based on that because it's very, very short-term.
Matthew O. Maddox: Thomas, we talked about that some internally and have decided that we should stick to the entertainment business and not the currency speculation business. Clearly, a depreciating currency could have an impact, but we haven't seen a direct correlation and we spend more time thinking about our product and our service. But if you find the correlation, please call Craig and fill him in.
Matthew O. Maddox: There are couple of markets that I think everyone's focused on. We are spending a lot of time there working on developing relationships with many of the local corporates and talking through what our proposed plans would be. Again, I think we're really excited to compete there given what our product's going to be, what we stand for. Everything in Japan is about high quality. It's about precision. It's about the best service really anywhere to be found; and that's what we stand for. So we're really excited to partner with some strong local firms in Japan and make a run for one of these licenses over the next 12 to 18 months.
Matthew O. Maddox: I really don't want to comment on the government process there. I think that they will lay it out in detail when they're ready to.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. So on the entertainment development that we're working on, it is solely food and beverage and entertainment. It will currently take up roughly about half the site and leaving the other half for future development for things like you pointed out if they're needed, but this will be just an entertainment and food and beverage focused facility. And we're quite excited about it. We're not there yet to be giving CapEx estimates for this project. That will be coming over the next few months. We really don't break out premium mass versus the ground play quarter-over-quarter. Needless to say, you know our brand and what we stand for. We're a premium house. That means premium VIP, premium mass, premiums slots. That's the customer that we cater to, but we typically do not give the percentages.
Ian Michael Coughlan: It was the World Cup bounce back. The liquidity returned to the junket market particularly and also our direct program, premium mass was up. And what we saw during the second quarter in the junkets in addition to new rooms having opened in other areas is when new rooms open up, players are sometimes diverted from existing rooms just to show business for the beginning of the new room. So I believe that that was the factor. We also had low hold in a couple of junkets in the second quarter which normalized, and that brought players back as well. Sometimes the junkets will move players to other rooms because they're worried about increasing bad luck. So we just basically got back to normal at all business levels in all sectors of the business. One of the ups in Wynn Palace is we haven't plateaued. We continue to grow our business, and 80% of our room mix is now going to the casino sector, up from 75% in June.
Ian Michael Coughlan: It's our biggest junket operator at Wynn Palace and they're going to increase their table count by 40% in a really attractive gaming area with its own individual access from the street. It's very nicely appointed at the front of the property. So we believe that that would be a huge success.
Ian Michael Coughlan: We are coming off an incredibly accelerated ramp-up and it is softening a little bit, but we will continue to grow market share. As Matt said, we'll continue to take business from the market as new properties open up in our neighborhood. And we will continue to convert rooms over to high-paying casino customers, and that's worked out very effectively for us. And ideally, you go to 100%, but we'll see.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Joe, at Wynn Palace, we continue to ramp up premium mass. It's a really rich source of business for us. What we've been doing in both properties is running a lot of events, both in food and beverage and entertainment, and that's helping us solidify and build on our premium mass customers. So in both properties, looking at year-to-date, we're very pleased with the progress we've made.
Ian Michael Coughlan: So we actually have the ability with a single loaded building to do it almost one floor at a time and really narrow the disruption. And we have a lot of experience with doing that in the original Wynn Tower. So we're very comfortable that the disruption will be minimal. There isn't any heavy structural work. So it's really redecorating. And in addition to that, we don't believe it's going to impact occupancy too much. The Encore Tower is 400 keys as you said.
Ian Michael Coughlan: I think, Harry, we have enough experience in the market to not panic when we see a fall-off in a particular market segment. As Matt said, we did a deep dive to look at every element of our business in the junket side, engaged with the junket partners to find out if there was something we were missing, and there wasn't. So we continue to focus on the product, the facility and the service that we give. That's our leverage. There's always pressure to increase advances, to increase commissions. And when people are building new rooms and trying to get back in the game, that's the leverage they use, but it hurts them at EBITDA. So we're not in that game.
Ian Michael Coughlan: So I think we're all experiencing the same thing. And as more and more inventory has opened up on the room side, particularly in Cotai, we've seen a much greater reach into areas other than the Guangdong region. So general visitation into Macau year-over-year was up 7%, but from outside of Guangdong it was up to 15%, driven heavily by overnighters, length of stay is increasing. So I think we're all experiencing the same thing, a greater reach into China. And as Matt said, as infrastructure opens, the bridge, the light rail and Gongbei Border connectivity with Zhuhai airport and Hengqin Island, we will see a larger visitor arrival into Macau and primarily from outside of Guangdong.
Maurice Wooden: So, exactly. 2019 is actually well ahead of pace and we're excited about not just the pace and the amount of rooms, but we're also looking at strong ADR growth in that segment as well. So 2019 is very healthy.
Maurice Wooden: So we always have a pacing that we work toward internally, and we're well ahead of that internal pace in order for us to hit our budget numbers.
Maurice Wooden: So there were a couple of changes that were made that we had to adjust to, and that had to do with the policies related to, more than any other area was food and beverage. We had a tip pool that managers participated in, in a lot of our restaurant outlets as well as our nightclubs, and that was now declared something that no longer can exist. And so, therefore, we had to shift all the tips and take all the managers away from tip pool and we had salary increases to all of our food and beverage outlets and nightlife and in some of the hotel areas that we're receiving some of the tip tools. So that particular shift is something that we have made some adjustment with respect to pricing. And so, I think we'll realize the ability to be able to overcome that. But in the short-term, we felt that pressure.
