Matt Maddox: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Before we get started, just to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities law, and those statements may or may not come true. So with that, I'm going to turn over to Stephen for an introduction.
Matt Maddox: Of the $1.9 billion, around $500 million of the parent and $500 million or $600 million in Macau and the rest at Wynn Las Vegas from the bond deal.
Matt Maddox: In the second half of this year? Well, it looks like we'll probably spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $150 million of...
Matt Maddox: In the second quarter, we spent $58 million in Cotai, $50 million of which was land related. And we spent about $140 million total on Cotai so far, $112 million of that has been related to the land, another $27 million on the land remediation and there's probably $150 million to go over the next 9 to 12 months.
Matt Maddox: Yes, well, I will this quarter because we only held 9% in the second quarter in Baccarat, which is almost 18 or 19 points lower than it should have been. If you normalize everything, including the adjustment, this quarter would have come in around $116 million because of the Baccarat, as Steve pointed, out in April 26.
Matt Maddox: No the -- 2/3 Macau, 1/3, Las Vegas. So after the first quarter, we did a full hindsight analysis of all of our collection history since opening and determined that we were over reserved and needed to change our estimate. So the good news is, our collection trends have been quite strong.
Matt Maddox: I understand the question. It's a -- the charge under the old methodology would have been $14 million. So the delta's $31 million. And that's split 2/3 Macau and 1/3 in Las Vegas. The $14 million is really not a number that you should focus on though, because what you found in the first quarter in Macau, we had an $8 million incremental charge that reversed itself right away in April. So what we were fully reserved in Macau at 150 days and we found that was just overly conservative. So that got extended out to about 1 year, which is what caused the change. So while Linda said, collections has slowed a little bit compared to the way we were reserving, collections are still very, very good.
Matt Maddox: We have been -- at every quarter, we talk about how conservative we are. And our auditors and ourselves, after the first quarter charge of $8 million in Macau, which reversed itself after 1 week, determine that we needed to do a full hindsight analysis of everything we've collected relative to everything that we've issued. And when that analysis came back, we had the information on hand that made us change our reserve policy.
Matt Maddox: And Robin, just as a quick example. At the end of 2011, on a gross basis, our bad debt reserve was 44% -- 42% of our accounts receivable. At the end of June, after this adjustment, our bad debt reserve was 44% of our accounts receivable. So even after we made this adjustment, our reserve is still higher, relative to our receivables, then it was at the end of 2011.
Matt Maddox: That's right. And you don't get 30 days from that midmonth advance. At the end of the every month. We -- you -- it's closed out.
Linda Chen: I think you've summed up very well that it's more important you preserve the margin. It really proves that you issued [indiscernible] and promotional allowances, so that -- exactly right, it's not about the market share and the top line only.
Linda Chen: You're correct, yes. I definitely don't think any big slowdown is caused by any of the political or other issues outside, like you say, outside economic issue, I think some of it is intentional. Their junkets are being responsible by controlling credit, and so are we. So part of the slowdown batch, I think, very healthy controlled growth. You don't -- I don't know if you can really expect 20% growth year-to-year to be reasonable. And really, I mean, Macau is growing at 7% to 8%. I'm just -- compatible to the China GDP growth.
Linda Chen: No, I don't think there is as much of a change between direct and junket. There is actually a growth in the mass market, if you will, and that’s compared to VIP, because we do have more mass that selling [ph] that open in the second quarter.
Linda Chen: No, I think you said it. And the difference also is not just the VIP business. The actual price war has extended into the mass and the slot market. I think we already spoke about how much junket commission that's giving up. But we are actually giving out a lot more incentives now in slots and mass-market to also buy back business.
Linda Chen: I don't see any change in terms of creditworthiness. But the collection, I have to say, it's a bit slower than before. So that could also be caused by the, like obviously, a slowdown economy. And the other part is, we are more cautious. We're definitely more conservative on issuing credit on the direct program side.
Linda Chen: Okay so -- yes, I didn't, exactly. I was just going to say I didn't say that. Actually, I said, collection is a bit slower. The reason that we reversed on what we service is, we're still collecting. Now the first, obviously, I guess straight game collection is giving good credit. So when we are conservative in giving credit, we know that it's credit that's worthy the that we gave out that eventually we'll collect. The reasons sometimes the collection becomes slower is there are many reasons. One is obviously, the bit of slowdown in economy. The second is, because many could gain on more junkets are competing for the business. So when you have one player who's playing maybe, instead of 1 or 2 casinos, they're playing 5 or 6 casinos, then it takes a bit longer for them to turn around their receivables. So at the end of the day, they're not doubtful. They're not bad credit. But we're still collecting them, even though instead of taking 1 month, it might take us 2 months.
Stephen A. Wynn: By the way, in remediation, as we mentioned the last time, Joe, as we drive that property out and start to sink foundations.
Stephen A. Wynn: In April, for the first time in 45 years, I saw Baccarat go minus for a month. I never saw that before. But on the other hand, last year, I saw a 37% hold. If I was a customer, I might have asked for an investigation. But those are the kind of swings that can take place. I guess April this year was in answer to April last year, or June or July last year, where all we did was win. And actually, that makes me uncomfortable because I really don't like the customers to bump into such terrible bad luck. After all, this business is about amusement, self-indulgence on a very special level. But basically, the people that come here and do these things, they are here because they like that more than they like the money. They like the game. It's their hobby, so to speak, it's an indulgence, like some people buy bottles of wine for $20,000. I mean, these are people that like to gamble. And what's best for them is to have the normal ups and downs and normal swings. They don't expect to win, but they like to get lucky once in a while and have fun with the house's money. The last few months it's been extreme in that regard. But last year was extreme in the other regard, in the first 6 months of the year. So I really don't like it when we win too much money from the players. We get way ahead of the statistics. It has a stultifying effect on the psychology of our customers.
Stephen A. Wynn: The answer, in a word, is yes, we did. When they opened the Cotai Central, you can imagine that the folks that operate those places had to develop strategies that would justify revenue for all of their places. And so they got more aggressive than usual. And I'm not criticizing them by any means. But you asked the question are we seen -- are we seeing more aggressive activity and the answer is positively yes. And does it affect us? Sure. Do we have to react, you bet. And the choices that we have, there are choices that we have, but I don't think one of them is simply to increase the discounts or to increase the incentive payments to junket operators. Because when we look at that number in a common sense and straightforward way, we cannot justify by an expectation of increased revenue, any increase in the discounts or the promotional allowances of participation given to the junket operators. If we could share more money with the junket operators intelligently, we would do that because they are, in fact, an important part of our business. So we go out to the red line, so to speak. Now if our competitors see that line somewhere else, all the more power to them. We are paying attention to the numbers, and we don't agree that we can go higher, and so we don't. Linda Chen spends all of her waking hours worrying about such things. And if she has something to add to this, I think she should.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, Carlos, you know we've kept very respectful ratios of debt to equity as we've launched the properties, even on day 1 in Las Vegas, when we built Wynn and it was $1.7 billion in debt and $1 billion in equity, hardly a highly leveraged business. We haven’t followed a model that many of our competitors -- I remember when Shelly Adelson did his deal, he held on to higher -- high interest rate notes for a long time in order to play the market just right, and he did it beautifully. I, on the other hand, temperamentally, didn't want to live with that kind of pressure. So we increased our equity at the very beginning of the company's history, and maintained those equity debt relationships that were conservative by any measure. We have done that in China as well, as you know. And I think that horses ran true to form most of the time, unless it's a very wet track. And we're going to do the same thing going forward. So we'll be mindful of having a lot of room, a lot of cushion in our equity, on our balance sheet, to handle the vicissitudes of a changing market. We came through this whole last '08, '09 thing. We opened up Encore at exactly the wrong time, right smack in December of '08 into the jaws of this economic turmoil. And although it was painful in terms of return on investment, we didn't have any crises or any real heartburn about it. We just sort of sucked it up, went straight ahead, took very good care of our properties, took very good care of our employees and had the kind of reserves financially that it would take to protect such things. I think we should do the same thing going forward. This is a world in which no one can predict tomorrow -- with long-term, is -- this next quarter, you have to be ready for all kinds of things to happen because most likely they will. I think China, incidentally, is more stable than any place else. Europe and the United States are tricky. I think that China represents, at least to our family, a more stable environment, even if things are a little edgy than anyplace else. They seem to have cool leadership. And they are term thinkers. So we'll behave accordingly.
Stephen A. Wynn: We just eliminate one of the middlemen. But we don't do that in an adversarial or menacing way. It's just the normal course of human ambition that, listen, they exploit competition among the hotels by saying, "I got a better deal at MGM than I did from you," or "a better deal from Venetian than we got from you. Why can't you give us as good a participation as -- why can't you give us 48% if they do?" We say, "We can't afford to give you 48%. "Well, I just got to take my customers because I give so much money back to the customers as a junket operator. I'm hamstrung Mr. Wynn. I can't help myself." They say to Linda, "We got to go next door." And Linda says, "Well, I'm sorry, you got to go. We've had a good relationship. But if you're going to go next door, then -- and you've got 18 or 24 tables, maybe you don't need these other 6. We'll take them back." And that's the price they pay by hijacking business from us to someone else. Hijacking is a pejorative term. That's the price they pay for spreading themselves around. Again, I say that's normal and admirable and understandable, and we have no hard feelings about it. But we can react to it. And our reaction is to say, "Okay, we'll take back the tables. You don't need 8, you don't need 24, we'll give you 12." Well all of a sudden, that's 12 tables available for allocation to a new junket operator, who is very happy to accept 43, because he was only getting a percentage of the money that the other guy was getting. Now he's getting the 43. And he's happy as a clam, and he gets his own room. Oh, we put it back in to the general casino where the margin is good, but maybe the volume isn't as high. I'll tell you counterpoint to all of this, and that's both sides, the junket operator as the salesperson, so to speak. And the casino as the home base. Those are the 2 sources or the 2 dynamics that we -- both sides, exploit. And I'm sure it will continue in good faith and with the warm and fuzzy relationships all around.
Stephen A. Wynn: I can't resolve that question in absolute terms. I can tell you that, that is the order of business before the board when we get together. And it comes up at this time. The board was naturally waiting to see how the financing would go. Matt has been very busy for the past few months. And when my colleagues and I get together, that will be one of the things we do discuss, Steve. So I can't speak for the board today because I'm not authorized to do so. And you, I think, if you would change seats with me, you could make an argument for several different approaches to our very favorable posture. And we're going to measure all that and toss it around. And I’ve got a -- we've got probably the fanciest board in gaming. I mean, think about it. Al Shoemaker was Chairman of First Boston. Russell Goldsmith is Chairman of City National Bank. Ray Irani is Chairman of Occidental Petroleum. Governor Miller, as you know, who’s – was 10 years Governor of Nevada and Chairman of the National Governors Association. The man who directed fiscal policy for the State of Nevada successfully for 10 years, and also the guy who started the investigation of our former shareholder. Boone Wayson. Boone Wayson is on our board, was on the MGM Board after the merger of Wynn, of Mirage and MGM. And Boone ran Wynn, the Golden Nugget of Atlantic City when he was 28 years old after being in charge of cage and credit. That's how experienced he is, and he's 60 now. So there's an awful lot of experience on my board. For example, the -- Allan Zeman runs an enterprise that spans all of China. Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Quanzhou. He's in 5 -- 4 or 5 different provinces, not to mention running Ocean Park. He's got a lot of perspective on the Board. John Moran from Dyson-Kissner-Moran, the original leverage buyout company. We've got a lot of experience. And this conversation is really juicy. Not to mention Elaine and Linda and Marc. Everybody gets into this variance.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, and the Chinese Board. Bruce Rockowitz is the Chairman -- is the President of Li & Fung, the largest sourcing company in the world with offices in 275 cities and won Baron Magazine's 30 Best CEOs in the World. Nick Sallnow-Smith was head of Hongkong Land, the Jardine Matheson subsidiary of the great English trading company that's so much a part of the history of Hong Kong. And Jeffrey Land [ph] was a legislator. We've got a lot of firepower on the board. This is going to be a subject, now that we know about the financing, this is going to be a very interesting subject. We’re going to take into account the economy in China, the economy in Las Vegas, so much depends upon the upcoming election in America. No news to everybody. So we're going to measure everything.
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh, you mean the permitting process. It goes in stages as you build in China. First is the foundation permit, which is currently under consideration as we polish up the presentation, I guess, it went in already. That will be forthcoming. We'll be driving pilings and digging, and excavating with augers the great caissons of the high-rise this fall. Once we get out of the ground, that will take probably the better part of the year as this from now. And then it goes very fast because it's just another pour in place building. It's pretty quick. The building permits are issued in stages as you submit final working drawings, specific construction documents that have very detailed stuff on them. And that's scheduled along with the rest of our construction schedule, to go along in stages and phases that match the moment. And it results in about a 46-month schedule. I can't tell you the date that you get a permit for one part of the project or another. But I can tell you this, that once you get to where we have been in the spring, then everything after that is pretty automatic. It's a technical schedule. I'm sorry, that I can't answer the question month-by-month. But the reason I can't answer it is because it's not important at this level of the company. It's handled. We've been through it before. It proceeds in a very orderly, predictable way.
Stephen A. Wynn: You know the Esplanada Café is right there in the lobby by the elevators. As a 24-hour restaurant, it's a little bigger than we need. The path of it is the buffet and the windows and the tables along the pool. The front half is a square that's 2,000 feet. The entrance is in the middle, between the front half and the back half. We decided that we didn't need the front half, that we could handle the business with the back half. So I went to a couple of our famous retailers, and for the moment, I'm not going to mention the name. But I said to them, 2 of them in particular, we had a little tennis match going. I said, “Look, we think that the 2,000 feet's going to do $40 million. I want 15%, or $6 million for the space. Would you take it or leave it?” Well, there was some bickering and some jockeying and offers and counter offers. At the end of the day, 1 of the 2 major international retailers paid us $6 million fixed for 2,000 feet. $1.5 million a quarter. $500,000 a month, fixed rent. Guaranteed for 2,000 feet. Those are the kind of options that you get. Now that's being done this summer and fall. And they'll be open, I hope, by Christmas or something like that, maybe a little later. We built a new junket room that's going to be open for Christmas. Another retail space by the -- a small one for jewelry at the entrance of the casino. We -- oh, yes, we opened up in -- late in the last quarter, we moved Tiffany across the hall where Fendi used to be, because they were underperforming. Tiffany paid to move themselves. And then, Louis Vuitton, that was doing $100 million in 28 feet or more, has now got another 2,000 feet since April 1, where Tiffany used to be and their store's become almost twice as big, and the sales are booming at Louis Vuitton, in spite of the economy in China. And so that will show up in the next few quarters as incremental income to us. Graff, the jeweler, opened up last week or 2 weeks ago, where our host area was, by the Wynn Club. And I saw Laurence Graff last week in Europe and he was thrilled with his store. He's never seen -- he told me, he said -- I saw him at lunch. He said, “I've never seen like it, and we've only been open a week." So, you now, we tweak the space, and the game that's really adorable is the one with the retail. That is nothing but fun. And then Cotai, we're going to have 120,000 feet, not 52. Where -- I think we're going to get up to about 58,000 feet in this year, in retail. We're going to increase by 10%. But sales are really rocking there. And so is our rent, because we -- in all of our new leases we get 15%, which is terrific for us. Those are the kind of tweaks -- then we take tables away from junket operators, and give them to new junket operators. We take tables, add them to slots or take them away from general casino and vice versa, and try and maximize our income. But it's the kind of thing that the team over there does on a monthly basis.
Stephen A. Wynn: So there's no credit for -- if you don't collect. You got paid 39% tax anyway. I think you're conservative. If you got your head screwed on right, and you going to pay a 39% tax, you better make sure you know what you're doing credit. Because it's very painful if someone jumps the fence.
Stephen A. Wynn: We, in other words, to put it another way, Robin, we always thought that in China, that after 150 days if we didn't get the money it might be gone. It turns up, it shows up anyway. Much more if it shows up than we thought later. So they slowed down, but they didn't get bad.
Stephen A. Wynn: In Las Vegas, we used to say, after 1 year, we're going to be 100% reserved if someone doesn't pay us in 12 months. Now we see money showing up so that we've extended that by several months.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, one guy had USD $250 million outstanding. Well, that story gave us the willies. So we started tightening up, not based about -- so much on our own experience, but on an expectation that this could turn sour. Well, it didn’t. And this hindsight analysis that Matt just mentioned has revealed that our worst fears were not realized. And therefore, we could resort to a more relaxed approach. And when I say more relaxed, less conservative than the extremes that we had gone to defensively in the past.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. Robin, you're very, very -- that was a very clever observation. You have perceived something that we share with you, and we are going to do exactly what you said.
Stephen A. Wynn: Or to put it another way, the reason they're a little slower is because they can be. I mean, what's our defense? As long as they pay us. It's pretty hard to turn them down. The guy says, "Well. I didn't pay you in 30 days, I paid you in 60 or I paid you in 75, but I paid you. So I'm back again. I want to play." "When we -- you used to pay us in 45 days. It took twice as long this time." "Well, I'm sorry, but I've never not paid. Can I have my credit or can't I?" That's how it comes down. And when you take a look at his history. You say, "Okay, go. But, please try and pay quicker." He says, "I will." And then he doesn't. And I know you want to be in my -- our business. You want to change, you want anecdotal information, you want to sit in our -- stand in our shoes. That's what happens, just like I told you.
Stephen A. Wynn: None. We, unlike our competitors, we're out at the end of the month by 5 days later. We have held that line to our -- and it's caused some stress. What we do is we advance the guys during the month. And usually, we used to give them as much as we owed them. We settle with them in terms of what they received at the end of the month on -- at the first week of the following month. And they settle with the credit at the same time. Well, we started a few years ago saying, "Okay, halfway through the month, we'll give you what your expectation is for the rest of the month." That's sort of thing. We're zeroing out.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, we don't use a rolling program. I'm really glad you asked that question. That's one of the main deltas between us and the other guys. That is still a conservative bias at Wynn Macau. Our exposure is limited.
Stephen A. Wynn: Anybody in the room have anything they'd like to add to what they've heard today or expand? I invite everybody speak up. Scott? Maurice? Robert Gansmo or Linda? Marc? Matt? Well, then, thank you, everybody. We'll talk to you again next time. Bye.
