Steve Cootey: Thank you, and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra and myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams from both our Las Vegas and Macau properties. Before we get started, I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Cootey: And Harry, you should just look at the mass revenues and see how they’re doing. I don’t -- I think that enforcing the rules around UnionPay are overplayed in the media.
Steve Cootey: And we’re mainly talking on the gaming side, it’s not just Asia, Latin America with everything is going on there in Brazil and other places, clearly that’s done as well. So, our high end business was down by about half from revenue side compared to this time last year.
Steve Wynn: The question is will we -- will our property be overwhelming enough to kick that market into a different place? It’s hard to say. I have no idea how many tables we’re going to have. The notion that a person who spent $2.5 billion, I’m talking about Melco now, would not know how many tables are going to have three weeks before they open is preposterous. It’s worthy of comment. And how in the world do we underwrite the job security of the local workforce in Macau, keep the promise of promotions and better opportunity under these circumstances? I’m at a loss to answer that question. And as we go forward in the planning of Wynn Palace, we are hopeful that we’ll be able to press the issue and get stronger, more clarity -- stronger and much more clarity from the leadership of the local government.
Steve Wynn: Yes, ma’am. We’ve done a whole bunch of things task. We always adjust. I mean we’re professionals I would describe this as such. And we run the business in uptimes and downtimes and we adjust to the situations. And we made a whole bunch of changes in the casino, both physically and procedurally, we’ve even fooled [ph] with the rules of the game, spent 50 years since Las Vegas increased the price of gaming; we’re way overdo considering the cost of running games and payroll. We’ve adjusted our yield rate management approach, Maurice Wooden is here and he is very good at that in the whole American operation. We’ve made a host of adjustments. We were off in one month by -- from a 100 million buck [ph] or out of 45 million we’re off 55 million buck up, it was the same amount of money because of all the adjustments we made. And they go across the board throughout the hotel. And the way we price the hotel, restaurants, and entertainment, and gaming, we don’t sit by and allow ourselves become victims of anything, of any aspect of our operation over which we have any control. So, my long-term view of our operations in America and in China is still positive. It’s the short-term that’s bouldering and it’s blithering enough to complain about it. But as far as adjusting here in China, it’s a constant process. I was in China last week and I kept my people up until 2 in the morning on the subject of VIP. And then we reconvened at 8 am again and went for another six hours. I think altogether, we spent 15 hours, the most intense kind of a consultation with every smart person we had that dealt with these subjects. So adjusting is what we do. And I mean the description of those -- detail description of those adjustments could go on for half hour. But know that we are doing it and we are doing it successfully.
Steve Wynn: Who knows; I mean these facilities are enormously diversified non-gaming buildings but they depend on their survival; their payroll. Their operational viability depends on the gaming equipment that was always part of the whole construct. Here in America, we would never have a Las Vegas of the diversity we’ve had, if the city had told us how many tables we could spread. The table cap is the single most counterintuitive and irrational decision that was ever made. Here we are spending billions of dollars creating non-gaming facilities and then arbitrarily so much as well you should only have this many tables. No jurisdiction ever has imposed such -- that kind of logic on us. And what it’s done is turned our human resource planning inside out and upside down. And you could tell by the tone of my voice, the extent of my frustration on this point; my frustration on behalf of our colleagues that Melco, who made commitments for 400 tables. Why on earth they have to deal with half as many is beyond my -- anything that I can understand in a 45 years of experience I’ve had. It isn’t good for Macau; it’s not good for the citizens of Macau; it’s not good for the tens of thousands of employees of Macau who are looking forward to promotions and raises and all kinds of benefits that accrue because of the viability of these resorts. We build tens of thousands of rooms and restaurants and attractions, but we said you’re not allowed to gamble because you can’t have the tables, but that’s one of the reasons they come to Macau. If you wanted to undermine and scuttle the viability of that industry, you put in table caps. And you could tell I am a tremendous critic of that decision because I don’t understand it in terms of anything in my 45 years of experience that explains it. And to see the predicament the local people find themselves in because they made covenant, agreements, is dazzling to me. And I’ve complaint to the government about this and tried to understand what the rationale was for this thinking. And I’ve never gotten a reasonable answer. And hopefully, hopefully the desire that you mentioned, statements by the central government or by the local government to support this industry and mainly support the people that work in that industry that are the whole interior, all of the young people and the families of Macau that have become part of the hospitality industry, a huge amount of them are people that are related directly or indirectly to casinos. And what we’re getting now is unemployment. I mean the junket operators at the beginning of it because they employed all kinds of people from Macau, but forgetting the junket operators, what about the rank and file dealers in the mass casino, cater to the tourist, what happens to their jobs, what happens to their promotions? I don’t know whether the local government’s been intimidated by the unions because or something but the unions are going to end up acting up about this subject before it’s over and we as operators going to have to stand there on the side lines bewilders at the position that the industry finds itself in. In my 45 years of experience, I’ve never seen anything like this before. And hopefully, hopefully, the leadership of the community will intervene and correct this aberration that threatens the employment security of the citizens of Macau and thereby also relieving the predicaments that people like the Lloyd family, Galaxy experienced with the billions of dollars they spent and Lawrence Ho and Jamie Packer’s company Melco. But these are problems that when you say that there has been the government has made general statements about supporting us or supporting the people of Macau, I think it’s time for them to put their actions where the rhetoric is but the rhetoric won’t solve the problem.
Steve Wynn: Gamal, I want to interrupt you for a minute. I mentioned earlier that the people at Studio City found out a few weeks before opening what the story is about their tables. Now, Macau is proud of the five-star status, the legitimate five-star status of Wynn Macau. It was hard to train people to get to that level of service but it’s been a source of pride for the community and for the employees themselves. We cannot train people and maintain service levels in the non-casino and casino areas, when we don’t have the time to train our people. So the notion of finding out that how many tables you’re going to get three weeks before you’re opening is outrageous and ridiculous. Ridiculous is the word for it. We’ve never operated a business this way. We train people. That’s how we give them a future, by training them. That contributes to their promotions, their pride and to the guest experience. And at the end of the day, guest experience is the only controlling factor in the survival of the hospitality industry. Go ahead, Ian. The question that they wanted to deal with this how much of the expense load you are carrying at Wynn on the Peninsula that would be relieved as people that we’re carrying on your payroll. We are heavy in our payroll and on the Peninsula hotel deliberately as part of our training routine to maintain the high level of service that Wynn enjoys and our reputation in Macau. So, Ian, what I think his question is how much -- how far will your expense load drop if you were to get the tables you were supposed to get, which was 500, when we started the building, confirmed by the government.
Steve Wynn: I’ll take my part first. Absolutely Las Vegas and Macau rather has transformed itself, not how, [ph] or can, or will, it has been transformed by the projects that have been built in direct response to the leadership and the suggestions made by the local government, everything from promotions to the creation of facilities, exactly that has already taken place. But understand that the reason that these extraordinary non-gaming attractions exist is because the damn casino is the cash register. That’s what drives Las Vegas, 40 odd percent, my hotels, the ones that you guys know that we’ve built with this organization in the past, none of them have ever had even half of the revenue be gaming; over half was non-gaming, but none of them could have been built or would exist today if anybody had given us a table cap, because the people would stay in the rooms, want to go downstairs and play sometimes besides eating, and entertaining, and shopping, and going to the spa, they want to play or they wouldn’t come to Macau. So, we support these extravagant non-gaming diversifications with the casino. That’s the truth of it; that’s the irrevocable, undeniable, inexorable truth of it. The gaming allows the non-gaming to flourish and that’s the lesson we’re trying to get to penetrate the leadership of Macau that the very thing they want requires that they let us run our business based upon our experience, our long experience everywhere else. And that’s where the heart of the frustration is that somehow we haven’t been able to get that truth really accepted. And I am hopeful that before we have demonstrations or real angst or I had an employee approach me when I was in Macau and say Mr. Wynn, is the government angry at the union and trying to cut back on gaming employees? I said, well, I don’t have any reason to think that. But that’s the kind of stuff that’s going around in the staff dining room. This confusion is not isolated to management; it’s now spread to the employees, very unhealthy situation, both socially and politically. And when I am asked questions like that I don’t have a clear answer. And I want to get away from this kind of thing before it gets out of hand. Now, Ian, you can answer the rest of it, the mass gaming. I am in a position to answer that question. Mass table revenue is flat as against a year ago, not a year ago, a quarter ago sequentially.
Steve Wynn: All the more reason why you need more mass tables, so that people can use themselves. That plays in when you have lower level of gaming, amusement gaming, you need more tables to deal to those people. That’s the only hope that you have for compensating the loss of VIP. Now at Wynn, we were able to transfer as he just said, a couple of dozen tables. But in Cotai with these big hotels and their massive footage that’s dedicated to non-casino, you need tables to do that. You can’t do it with 150 or 250 tables; you need 400 or 500 tables to do it effectively and to support the workforce, otherwise the workforce gets cut back. And you have layoffs and all these things that have never happened in my career in 45 years; I’ve never had layoff. I think we once dropped a 100 people in this company, 45 years; we don’t do layoffs. People come to work for us; they get job security. I’ve never broken a promise about job security to my employees in my entire career. And I don’t like facing that possibility one bit.
Steve Wynn: At the present time unemployment in Macau is almost zero. The government wanted us to build the highly diversified non-gaming structures; we went and did it for 10 billion or more. And if you count all of us, the largest being us at 4 billion. How in the hell can you run those places without employees. I mean what are we supposed to do, shutdown a floor, close the restaurant, curtail the various things that they told us that they wanted to see happen without employees, it’s all ludicrous that it defies rational conversation. Some of these places are going to close locally, creating unemployment, we can absorb them I think in the industry but still the extent of the new operations are so comprehensive that in order to operate them appropriately, you still need more people to work. And the spectacle of these buildings being unattended is beyond imagination and will have dire consequences in the community on a couple of levels; the first level will be that it will negatively impact the job security of the local Macau citizens and undoubtedly result in rather severe complaining. What form that will take, I am not sure. The second thing is that the hospitality profile of the city will be severely compromised and that will take years to recover, years. You only get one chance to make a good impression and if you bogie that impression, if you blow it, it’s a long time to fix it and maybe never. What is important is that the Macau market as is viewed by the world, never loses its viability because the day that it loses its viability, it will lose its long-term longevity and the entire thing gets really damaged severely. And that will impact the community of Macau in a very negative way. And that’s one of the things that concerns me a lot because employee attitudes. Everybody in the world including all of a sudden it’s call today, it has been established that our present state of mind, our happiness, our sense of security is fundamentally a function of how we view tomorrow or the future. You tell someone this feeling poorly, suffering from ailment or some discomfort that they are going to be better in three days and they feel better today. You’ll tell someone who is feeling great today that they are going to be awfully sick next week and they get depressed today. So the attitude of the employees, their sense of security, safety, their notion of a positive future for themselves and their families is a critical management responsibility. Now to a certain extent, we control that within the walls of our buildings. But every once in a while depending on public policy, we lose control of that because of factors that are outside of our control. And my feeling is that Macau at the moment is on the edge of that moment which should be avoided at all cost.
Steve Wynn: Well, that’s a good question. And from what we understand, reading the South China Morning Post and other source of information available to us, President Xi discovered that the people of China felt that government officials were corrupt and feathering their own nest. And he thought that that was very malignant for the health of his party and the future of his country and made a decision to correct that and have a campaign against corruption. And considering the amount of people if you believe the newspapers that have been charged with misconduct of one degree or another, President Xi did the right thing for the right reasons. And because of the way China, mainland China works, every businessman in that country dealt in one way or another with a government official because the government controls so many aspects of public policy and business interface. So businessmen who had nothing to hide as well as those who might have had something to hide all went into the fox holes or into a defensive posture because they didn’t know if the next shoe was going to drop or what the next thing was going to happen. And it is caused across the board, a contraction of all VIP consumer spending at the higher level, which includes Macau. And that explains the problem that the junket operators are having plus the restriction on the credit cards and things like that. So, in one respect, the junket operators faced the problem that was part of an intelligent central government policy, no argument about that. Corruption is a bad thing and President Xi did the right thing just as I would in my company if I thought there was corruption to that extent. Fernando Chui, the Head of the Government of Macau or President Xi Jinping or a president of a public company or a private company for that matter, it is bad business to have corruption and it should be stopped because it’s unhealthy and goes to the root of the viability of any organization or institution. So, there is something that in our meetings we acknowledged and we accept as inconvenient perhaps in terms of junket operators but not necessarily a bad thing, so we adjust to it. And that was the way we dealt with that in our conversations. Alternatively, the reason those conversations have 15 or 16 hours, is because we’re juggling the reassessment of our facilities and adjustments to our facilities to cater to the new reality that we face which incidentally is much more like Las Vegas than what Macau was in the past. And that’s fine with me; I’ve no argument with it. But in the process of adjusting, how do we run our facility under the new reality? And we can do that. But we need tables in the casino to support the restaurants and the convention, the meeting space and the entertainment of the $4 billion. The casino represents perhaps $400 million of it. The other $3.6 billion went into other things that weren’t part of the old way of looking at things. So, on one hand we understand when on with the campaign against corruption and we have no issue with that or the thinking that went into it. What we have an issue with is the leadership that we need to have in the government to help us make the transition to the new reality.
Steve Wynn: We weren’t in the UnionPay card business to the extent of other people. So, didn’t mean that much to us.
Steve Wynn: The government told us that we could continue to develop our planned concessions along as was phase two which is as always been. And we have designed a remarkable phase two. But until we understand about Wynn Palace, it’s our ability to look into the future and plan financially is again compromised at the moment. My long-term confidence in Macau is still strong. I love the position we’re in terms of being part of that community. The issue it has to do is short-term adjustments not long-term confidence. At the end of the day, I am in the same position as this Head of the Macau government and for that matter President Xi Jinping. My job is to create a stable environment in terms of human resources, job security and a better future for people. Isn’t that after all what governments are doing or hopefully doing? And I say at the 11th hour the government does the right thing and supports the health of it citizens as businessmen will support the health of their employees. Because the ultimate truth is that the only thing that matters is the happiness of the people whether they are employees or citizens of a community. And they are the ones that touch the public because only people make people happy, only people make happy communities, only people make successful companies. And the job leaders are to do everything and anything in their power to create a happy and positive outlook to the future for their constituencies. And I strongly believe that when the dust settles, leaders of companies and governments do the right thing. And that’s the basis from my long-term confidence in the market and my long-term confidence in the leadership of the government. We all come to the same conclusion when we’ve had enough time to see. Hopefully we come to the right conclusion before we avoid catastrophic, unpleasant or disruptive alternatives. We anticipate certain results and don’t let them occur. So whether you’re a CEO of a company or you’re the head of a government, you have to have a little bit of ability to look around the corner and see what’s coming ahead of you. And if that’s not good, turn away from it, amend your policies, learn from experience and come to a more sound conclusion. That’s what I hope for a businessman and I hope for ourselves and for that matter for the government.
Steve Wynn: There is no mystery as to who those customers are. They are people from Taiwan, Hong Kong, mainland China who want to live life in an exciting way for a day or two or three on vacations. They want to be served well, stay in lovely hotels, eat in good restaurants, enjoy entertainment and attractions that they can’t get at home, and while they are there play in a casino which is exciting and have fun. Their experience is under the control of the staff that serves them as well as the environment in which this all takes place. That’s the story in Las Vegas, that’s the story in Boston, that’s the story in Macau, it’s the story in Manila, it’s the story in Biloxi, Mississippi; nothing changes nor will it ever be different than that. Those are the truths of the hospitality industry and any of this variations or iterations including Macau or any other city on earth….
Steve Wynn: And laid off and they lowered their expenses and they laid off thousands and thousands of people, not here because in the business that I’m in, I cannot juggle my service levels; I cannot bounce my step around because the market gets soft. No, no; we have to have a capital structure that allows us to maintain our service levels, to protect the job security of our employees and hopefully at the end of the downturn, we end up with a bigger market share, which is exactly what happened to us. But in order to do that you have to have a strong capital structure. When the government interferes with the viability enterprise, they take that ability for us to protect our employees away from us, a dangerous thing to do from any perspective.
Steve Wynn: Okay. Well, I don’t know that this has been the most satisfying quarterly phone call we’ve ever had but at least it’s the most candid and the most honest one that we could possibly give everybody that is interested in our company. And hopefully, it sheds light; it shares real intelligence and insight on the inevitability of anything that interferes with the long-term health of Macau or Las Vegas for that matter. And I’ve done my best to shine a light on that subject. And I thank you all for your attention and we’ll talk and see what happens in 90 days from now. Bye-bye.
Ian Coughlan: Based on current business trends, the significant opportunity to migrate people to Wynn Palace trained highly qualified people and not necessarily need to back for those people at Wynn Macau until business levels pick back up in the city. So, for the immediate outlook, there is a significant opportunity to transfer people over. And it would be a significant savings on payroll for Wynn Macau without any fall off from service quality.
Ian Coughlan: It is flat but we’ve always had a considerable fall off year-over-year in the very high end of mass which is very similar to the Wynn VIP, so those players have that operators are returning less. So, we’ve actually driven more business in the mid-tier. And as we’ve taken tables back from the junket operators, we have an additional 23 tables in mass over the same time last year. We’ve managed to drive more business in mid-mass.
Ian Coughlan: Yes, correct. And we’re allowed to do that because we’ve got more tables that we migrated to mass. And right now we’re giving approximately 58% of our room inventory to mass that stable game, the slots. So what we’ve been losing out of the junkets, we’ve been trying to drive into mass.
