Matthew O. Maddox: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody. Before we get started, I just need to remind everyone on the phone that we will be making forward-looking statements on this call under the Safe Harbor of Federal Securities Law. And those statements may or may not come true. So with that, I am going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve for some opening remarks.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. So at the parent company, we have approximately a $1 billion. And after the tender at Wynn Las Vegas, we'll have about $250 million. So that's the U.S. cash, the remaining is in Macau, including the $600 million transaction that we just closed. You're right that Cotai is fully funded. We -- with the over $1.8 billion of cash on hand and a $1.55 billion revolver, there is clearly plenty of capital when you calculate the free cash flow for us to continue our strong dividends out of Macau and also be very flush at the parent.
Matthew O. Maddox: Well, Joe, we pay taxes on our earnings, it just happens to be on the gaming revenue in lieu of income tax in Macau. And so what we do is our net income is our -- the earnings and profits are what you can redistribute -- what you can distribute under the prefiling agreements.
Matthew O. Maddox: We really -- we have a board meeting next week November 4 and 5. We'll all get together and discuss a variety of issues. And it's our policy not to anticipate the board's actions, ma'am. So if there's any decision that's relevant, we would make an announcement after the board meeting. And so I don't really want to give any indication either way, because, frankly speaking, there are so many subjects that we're going to discuss on Monday and Tuesday, domestic and international issues that, frankly, speaking as the Chairman, and I mean frankly, I'm not sure about some of the directions that we'll take with our cash and our positions. So this is one time when not only do I not want to preface anything the board may do, because I really don't know, we just got so many things to discuss. The opportunities for our company are extraordinary. Therefore, the decisions are complex, we've got to weigh a number of factors and try and make the most intelligent decisions in all directions. You know that we are primarily an Asian company, thank goodness and God bless that. And we intend to stay an Asian company primarily. And so I'm not really -- have anything to tell you about the cash that can help you other than we'll see what happens.
Matthew O. Maddox: No, again this is just -- we are entering the market, as Steve said, with our toe in the water to make sure that we learn as this rolls out or does not rollout. It's clearly not a big piece of the Wynn strategy. As Steve pointed out, we're an Asian company. But we're making sure that we're paying attention and getting smart.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes, there were no real onetime issues this month. We did hold a little higher in direct than our life-to-date average. So it's probably in the neighborhood of $2 billion.
Matthew O. Maddox: I think he's talking about our room remodel we finished in December. So we had 7% of our rooms out of service this quarter.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, Dr. Maddox. Business is fine at our company and the numbers are out, so all of you know that. We are on our way to having our best year. We are $117 million ahead for this many days. In China, we're $53 million ahead to this, almost $54 million in Las Vegas. For total of $171 million or 13.4% ahead for the year and that includes up till today. So it was $15.9 million and $12.4 million in the other two, each hotel separately, $13.4 million overall. So we're very happy with our cash flows. And especially in Macau, being up 12.5% or so, being $117 million or $20 million ahead when we have had new competition -- well-designed and well-conceived competition by our colleagues on Cotai. Cotai continues to be a remarkable achievement, the whole Macau is a remarkable story. When you think of the fact that in the space of 8 or 9 years, they've gone from $2 billion to $45 billion to $50 billion in income in casino win, such a dazzling and unprecedented piece of information that takes a bit of thinking to get your arms around it. Really, it takes a bit of thinking, I don't think we've had an economic expansion of that nature in modern civilization, modern history. Maybe ever -- and it's quite remarkable and it's very exciting to be part of it, of course. And I was there on Monday. I flew over. I spent some time in Macau, just got home yesterday, and stood on our site. They're pouring concrete, finishing the foundations and pouring slabs, and getting ready to go up in the air. And we're on schedule and excited to be looking forward to a Chinese New Year in 2016, that's our anticipated opening date. Chinese New Year in '16. And we are now planning Phase 2 for Cotai and -- in which case we intend to introduce yet another product that no one has ever seen before, and there'll be more about that coming later. And we're all together very excited watching Japan and the other jurisdictions in Asia and closely following the amazing developments in places like Massachusetts and Philadelphia. So we'll take questions now if anybody would like to ask them.
Stephen A. Wynn: Joe, to change the subject slightly, we borrowed $3.1 billion. And if we were to take it all down today, we would be paying $84 million in interest for $3.1 billion. I personally never thought I'd live to see something like that. It's a wonderful time to borrow money, it's a shame that we're all done doing it. It's been such fun and it’s been so terrific for the company's balance sheet and for our future. We're very proud of that. Matt, Dr. Maddox has done a remarkable job and we are going to refer you as Dr. Maddox from now on having done this skilled surgery on our balance sheet, we should call you Dr. Maddox. Next question.
Stephen A. Wynn: This is going to be our best year ever, and we're looking forward to that kind of growth improvement yet again next year.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, the timeline seems to change frequently. As things unroll, it's very hard to predict what the timelines are. They give us deadlines and drop-dead their dates on certain presentations and submissions we have to make. And then the response changes and timelines are altered. So we are held to a very strict discipline, but the regulatory agencies for reasons best known to them have variable timelines. And so it’s murky to me, I don't know when they're going to decide or how they do it. We know what the legislation says in Pennsylvania, it was to create jobs, encourage tourism, pay taxes. In Massachusetts they say basically the same thing. Other than that, you are sort of left to figure this out for yourself, because, as I say, we don't get conversations with these people. We can't have a dialogue -- we felt very strongly about this business about Macau, and so the Commission was kind enough to give us a chance to, ourselves and MGM, to make a presentation in general terms about Macau. We don’t -- we can't read the Commission except a few of their questions, perhaps. We really don't know what their attitude is. You sort of have to, to use the local metaphor, you just have to roll the dice. It's hard to tell where you stand in many respects. I don't know that I am entirely comfortable being in this position, but it is what it is.
Stephen A. Wynn: I can add one other thing, basically these states are asking us to come and spend billions of dollars. Now if we were any other business, they would stand on their head and spit wooden nickels to get billions of dollars invested from any other business. But we find ourselves being treated in many respects as if they're doing us a favor. When I say that I'm not real comfortable with that status, I mean it's just logical. If I was any other businesses and I was willing to spend the kind of money, create the kind of jobs that these states have requested, we would have the red carpet rolled out for us and the Governor and everybody else would be delighted to talk to us. But if you are in the gaming business, there's sort of a crummy presumption that you might be unsavory. And that burns me up, I tell you the truth. And I got a -- I try and get over it because then people say that you're arrogant or you're disdainful of the process. But honestly, in gaming, very often, not in Asia but here, you can come with your money your best efforts, your reputation, your brand and you get the impression that they think they're doing you a favor sometimes saying hi to you. Now, we get to decide whether to live with that or not, and so far we are. And we're doing our best, incidentally, to bring our best game to the table, to create the jobs, bring tourism, bring people outside the region into the region, fresh money, tourism, pay a lot of taxes, give jobs to the local folks, do all the things that cities and states crave. But being an investor in America today is tough, creating jobs in America today is tough and that's just not Steve Wynn talking.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we got this big bonus with Leighton that's built into our price if they make Chinese New Year. And when I stood on the property Monday morning, I got there at 6:30 in the morning before the workers showed up, and Mike Harvey whose on the call with me, says he's going to make it. And Mike built the first 2 hotels over there, Wynn and Encore for Leighton, and now is running our job for us. We paid a fortune to get this brilliant construction guy. Mike, are going to make New Year's.
Stephen A. Wynn: There's that Aussie. And so we'll make Chinese New Year. But of course we have a lot of water to swim. We got a channel to cross before we get there. But we're feeling good about it, Steve.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, first of all, we are constantly adjusting our tables, general versus junket, versus our program to mass premium, the diamond club. As customer patterns shift, we stayed very loose and we're constantly re-evaluating the floor. We are also adding 2 major junket areas in the Wynn Macau facility on the Southwest corner, and they're quite special. They're going be very fancy and they'll be done for Chinese New Year next year, I'm sure. No, we are not changing our focus at Wynn Palace. It has 7 different types of rooms that cover a full range of every conceivable level of luxury, the smallest room in hotel is 720 feet -- square feet, but most of them are 900 square feet up to thousands of square feet. Nothing that we've done is like Wynn Palace. And its $4 billion has been value engineered. We have no more scope changes, the drawings are finished, the building is underway. And we'll cater to all sectors of the market. There were -- in our Phase 2 we have property that is going to be primarily massive non-casino, but some casino development. Wynn Diamond will include the Wynn Diamond Coliseum of 15,000 seats. It will include an all-suite Wynn Diamond Hotel that will be directly related -- 1,300 square foot suite at the premium mass market and above. And it will have features and entertainment and restaurants unlike anything we've done before. So it will have an enormous amount of -- the entertainment quotient is going to go sky high, especially with the coliseum and the related spaces. We'll be giving more information about the Diamond coliseum and the Diamond Tower as we go along. But it's not quite time for that yet. But when we're done with the Diamond Coliseum and Wynn Diamond, there is no more real estate left after Phase 2, we'll have completed developed Cotai.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, the Internet gaming, and our first really big-time crack at that is going to be in New Jersey. The regulations have been promulgated tentatively. I don't think the last chapter has been written on how the State of New Jersey intends to do that. We are following an issue, you can imagine, responsibly and closely because we want our shareholders to benefit from digital gaming in one form or another if it's to become a factor that's powerful. But we have to take one step at a time, you know it's illegal in America except in Nevada and in New Jersey. New Jersey is going to be a very interesting case because it's gaming across the board. It's tables and slots and all that stuff. And so, we're putting -- we've got our toe in the water, we're going to go at this. I think, we're also going to consider the possibility of social gaming for -- virtual gaming, because it’s probably time for us to take care of all that at once and Matt may want to comment on this.
Stephen A. Wynn: And we also got to make sure that if we do it, we protect our brand. We just can't limp in like another screen. We got to be special. That's a challenge.
Stephen A. Wynn: We had a good quarter. All of Macau is cooking, as you know, and we always manage to get our share. We have a very loyal clientele. We deal to the top end of the market and people stick with us, because we're so consistent in our standards. Consistency is a wonderful word whether you're in private life, in business, even if you're a regulator. Consistency is very important. Predictability, reliability -- look companies behave in the future as they have in the past. The greatest -- the greatest way to evaluate anybody is to look at their history, especially one that's as established as ours. A lot of us have been together for 30 or more years. There are no surprises in our stack. We're a pretty pat quantity. So whether you're looking at us as an investor or if you're looking at us as a regulator, there aren't any surprises in the Wynn stack. We're sort of a one-trick pony. We do resort hotels that have gaming in them. Period. And we do it a certain way, as you guys know, with a heavy, heavy emphasis on human resources, and hopefully good taste in terms of our physical facilities. And that's really a full-time job right there. There are no other tricks to it. That's why we had a good quarter. And why we'll have a good quarter next time, too.
Stephen A. Wynn: About Japan, Robin, we've been approached by some very prominent, major institutions in Japan who've come and looked at our hotel. The real intelligent thing for people interested is to come and look at what we do, look at our neighbors, look at all these companies. Are we all the same? Hell, no. Look at what we are, look at what we've done, that tells you what we will be if you partner with us or if you're picking us. Don’t pay any attention to what people say. Pay attention to what they do. And so people come from Japan, companies, we haven't publicized it, we don't talk about it, because it’s too soon. But we are very keen on Japan, and is it the right thing to be in a partnership with a Japanese company? Maybe, but it's a little too soon to tell. We first of all would like to know what the rules and regulations are so we can assess the business opportunity. We'll get to have continuing conversations with the folks that have approached us, who are very special indeed, we jettisoned Mr. Okada and he'll stay jettisoned, and we'll see what happens in Japan and South Korea and Taiwan, et cetera.
Stephen A. Wynn: You just put your finger on it. You hit it bull's eye. They opened a place down the street called Hakkasan. And they opened a place over at Mandalay Bay called Daylight or something else. Cirque du Soleil's involved. So the clubs proliferated and when they're proliferated, these guys start paying 80 gazillion dollars to the DJs in sort of a frantic effort to capture the business. It's like a lot of things that happen in the casino business. Everybody goes crazy for the top line, and they forget about the bottom line. We like the Nightclub business, as you know, and we've sort of led the parade. I think we still do in terms of profitability, but we turned our back on some of the more outrageous disc jockey fees, wonderful guys they are. And they're friends of ours and they work for us for a third or a quarter of what they work for now. So we go find new guys. And we find and keep the ones that are really perfect for us. We protect our bottom line but we gave up a little bit of top line because it wasn't profitable. And so you see that reflected in some of the booze numbers from the nightclubs. And so what else is new, right? It's the same thing as when the less-experienced casino companies start trying to bribe customers with credit to get them to come, they try and buy the business. Those executives come and go and after they screw up the place, they fire that guy and they get a new guy. And then they settle down. Look, there is a certain amount of money you can pay a disc jockey and have a business, there is certain amount of money that you can give in comps and promotional allowances to a customer and still have a business. I hate to say it, those numbers are inexorable. They're undeniable and they live. Now there is any number of idiots that will try and pretend that there is no gravity, that there is no Monday morning. And that's going on in the nightclub scene here at the moment. They'll get over it. We're still having the best year we ever had.
Stephen A. Wynn: We haven't selected Tokyo at all. And no, I can't shed any more light on it. The situation is still undefined. End of answer.
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh yes, we had rooms out. We're having a great quarter, but we had some of our rooms out of service. The remodel will be done in few weeks, and everybody loves the new rooms. We have upgraded them as we did in Las Vegas. And we do that every 5 or 6 years. If you do the math, you got to put away about -- in Las Vegas, about $17 for every occupied room night if you want to refurbish every 5 or 6 years. And to keep the place beautiful and spotless and all that. So we do it in China, we do it in Las Vegas. We run our business the same no matter what country we're in.
Stephen A. Wynn: No. We don’t, we didn't expect any new customers. We expected our same customers and our normal rate of growth. There's always some new customers. We didn't think the remodel itself would change the landscape dramatically. We just reinforce our dedication to excellence. But we didn't do it with the idea that it would be a game changer. And I think that would be expecting too much.
Stephen A. Wynn: No, I just have been -- I'm thrilled with the fact that the timing has been excellent for people like ourselves who are expanding and borrowing money. So far, we are expanding and borrowing money in Asia. I wish -- or let me put it this way, I hope that as we go forward, that the atmosphere, the opportunities in the United States of America will come back down to levels of predictability, cooperation, and respect that should be shown to companies like ourselves, who are willing to risk great capital that have long, long respectable track records that we'll have opportunities to make intelligent investments in our own country that -- and create jobs in our own country that as good as the ones that we find abroad. Sadly that is not necessarily the case during this phone call in October of 2013. And I think that we ought to take a real careful look at ourselves, whoever we are, and ask that question, "Do we really want to encourage job creation? Do we really want to welcome investment and risk-taking by companies like Wynn, like Sands, like Apollo and Texas Pacific? Do we really want that? Or are we so preoccupied with foolish distraction and misdirected priorities that we kill that wonderful energy, that makes a better life for people?" Because in the history of the world, the only thing that's ever created a better standard of living for the population has been the demand for their labor, the creation of jobs. And unless you're talking about Obamacare and the IRS, the government doesn’t create the jobs. The government is supposed to create state and local governments and the federal government's is supposed to create the environment in which those jobs can be created. God knows guys like us, our crew here at Wynn, we're dying to grow. We're dying to spread our wings and try new things, but damned if we're going to do it in the face of adversity from Washington, D.C. or any other capital. Why should we? Life's too short. That's it for this time. Speak to you in 90 days.
