Ian Coughlan: We have been open in Cotai for just over 10 weeks. We had a very well-executed opening of all facilities. Customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. Rooms and food and beverage particularly are a new standard for the market. Despite all of the challenges that Steve referred to with the light rail and resort buildings around the property, visitation has been good, particularly on the weekends. We are very focused on ramping up premium mass, which we believe is a real edge giver, given our service and our facility. When we look at VIP turn for the two properties over at Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace, we have actually doubled our VIP turn versus the previous 60 days since we opened, so the junkets have managed to backfill downtown very effectively. We have a new junket opening at Wynn Palace on November 5. We are also introducing some casual junkets, so we're building up that side of the business. We are actively bringing back customers that are already in Cotai that were previously Wynn customers, and we're just learning and adapting to a very competitive market. Seeing is believing and people experiencing the property is really going to help us. We have made a number of significant casino floor changes with game mixes. We are watching how people are adapting to the property, what they enjoy. We have got a lot of new promotions to animate the casino that we've been introducing. We are driving occupancy post the holidays; occupancy has grown 10 points in October. We finished at 81%, and we continue to bring the occupancy up. Our food and beverage offer and the variety of offer we are altering and changing, again to meet the customer need. We have been tackling the bus program. We have effectively doubled our buses that are on the road, picking up people from different entry points into Macau and within the city itself. We have introduced a taxi incentive program, which has proved to be extremely effective, and we are going to be coming part of the Cotai Connection, which connects all the properties in Cotai from a bus travel perspective. At the same time, we're looking at post-opening cost base management. When you open, there is always areas that need to be tweaked and cut back on, and looking back downtown at the cannibalization aspect, pretty much what we perceived was going to happen has happened. There has been a fairly significant impact on our direct VIP downtown because we have a lot of Wynn players that wanted to come and experience the new property, the junkets backfill very well, as I discussed already. On the mass, we are less affected. Our customers downtown seem to be very peninsula downtown centric; while some of them have experienced our new property, they have been very sticky downtown. And overall, downtown is pretty settled and we're just growing business uptown. Our competitors are smart people. A lot of the ways that we bring business to the new property is personalized selling, seeing is believing and we will take care of the players that come to the property and bring new people in over the coming months.
Ian Coughlan: So, what has actually happened, Steve, is the construction work that was taking place on the light rail system directly in front of our property had completely stalled, but the government had been assisting us and they fired up the contractor to finish that aspect of the light rail system. There is a station right across the road from us as well, which requires a lot more work, but the actual light rail viaduct is being finished as we speak, and that causes a lot of havoc on the road beneath. So I believe in the next six to 10 weeks we will see quite a bit of progress. So the government have been listening and they are helping us out with the frontage of the property.
Ian Coughlan: Yes, I don't think there is a huge - there isn't a huge variability between what we've been doing downtown and what we are doing at Wynn Palace. We're seeing what works and what doesn't work as well as we thought, and tweaking it, but I don't think it involves huge additional expenditure.
Ian Coughlan: There is - both of the elements are correct. When you have new openings in the marketplace, you do get more VIP business, and there does appear to have been a lift in VIP generally. We have obviously seen our junket business downtown backfill as we open new junkets with the same operators at Wynn Palace, so it is certainly stronger. How that maintains over the coming months, we will see. The opening of new property certainly adds to the euphoria, as Jon described.
Ian Coughlan: Seeing is believing. We have scheduled 600 FAM [ph] trips on the property since we opened, between opening and the end of the year, and our tour and travel business is growing very nicely. We ran 81% in October and we believe we can lift that even further.
Ian Coughlan: Just going back to the light rail itself, paradoxically the more progress they make, the more painful it is for us. In order to finish it, they have had to close large sections of that road and make the property difficult to access. So we will tolerate the pain until the end of the year or the turn of the year, and then things will improve.
Ian Coughlan: No, I think that's fair. It is going to take us time to ramp up. Everybody is aware of that. We will have a better read of it by the end of the year.
Steve Wynn: Okay. Is there anything else that, I don't know. Having discussed China, I would imagine the questions about China would be appropriate at this moment, but I want to remind everybody that Bob DeSalvio is on the call in Massachusetts and can update us on that. Bob, you want to take a moment before we take questions to tell us where we're at.
Steve Wynn: We have been polishing the invitations, and in the food and beverage promenade and all of those things, we have been able to interest some very substantial local personalities with various forms of food and beverage. And we are in the process of making room for them to join in so that the facility is very locally oriented at the top end with the kinds of people that are very popular in Boston, with the Boston public already. And we think that adds to our general appeal as we go forward in a couple years with that project. So I think generally that's what's going on. I have spent my time in continuing the planning and the refining of the development of our real estate in Las Vegas, and that planning process is continuing. One of the most interesting things in the 49 years I have been doing this is that the golf course and the available real estate in the company present so many options that making these final decisions and choices has been extremely challenging and an awful lot of fun, too. With our land, our water, and our location, we are seeking to come to a final layout of all of our facilities that put us in a much stronger position to be a very dominant force in all aspects of non-casino revenue. I think that I want to share something with the people on the call. Ever since 1989 when we opened the Mirage, the facilities that we have built have always broken the record for casino revenue in Las Vegas and in America. Our casinos have won more money than any other gambling floor in the United States and in the world, with the exception of Asia, Hong Kong, Macau market, and Singapore. I have made this point in previous phone calls that in spite of the fact that we break the annual revenue for casino numbers in Nevada, we have always had more non-casino revenue, starting with the Mirage. When it went through $500 million, we had $600 million in non-casino revenue. When we did $700 million sat - $600 million, rather, at Bellagio we did $800 million in non-casino revenue. And at Wynn when we went through $700 million, we had $800 million or $900 million in casino revenue, and then, finally, over $1 billion with the Encore Wynn facility when the casino revenue went through $800 million. So, therefore, there is always been this pattern of 48%, 47% casino, 53%, 54% non-casino. In September in this hotel in Las Vegas, I saw something that was even surprising for me, but very encouraging in a point that I will make in a moment. In the month of September, our casino revenue was $1.870 million a day, well over $50 million in that 30-day period. That was probably the biggest number in the world, except for Singapore and Macau, $1.870 million a day. But what was dazzling to me privately and personally was that our non-casino revenue was $3.340 million a day, and if you normalize hold percentage, because we played a little lucky, the ratio of gaming to non-gaming in the number one casino in Las Vegas was 2 to 1. I take that development as follows. It tells us that these 43 million people a day -- a year that come to Las Vegas, 800,000 odd people a week, are spending more money and have more disposable income for the non-casino aspects, which are really the drivers in our industry. And therefore, I am heartened by the fact that we have almost unlimited possibility of expanding in convention and other related business on our property in Las Vegas. And that has made the design development process even more challenging and exciting as we exploit our undeveloped real estate in various parts of this assembly on the strip in Las Vegas. Having made that point and hopefully shared that insight with you, I'll turn the questioning over to the folks on the call.
Steve Wynn: I don't know, Robin. From my point of view, they're completely separate conversations. Design development in Macau took place years ago, and although we tweaked the property as we go forward, it is fairly mundane compared to the conceptual exercise on the kind of thing we're talking about with Wynn Park.
Steve Wynn: Oh, I see. I see what you mean. Well, since Macau is in its -- the Palace is in its infancy and just beginning to get rolling, I must – I've got to remind you that the lead time on design development on a thing like Wynn Park is substantial. I mean, we spend as much as a year or two getting to the point where we can budget and start to break ground, and I'm in that six months. There are parts of the Wynn Park development that are going to kick in very early. There is - if we go according to plan, and that has to do with the addition of meeting rooms and ballrooms on property that is part of Wynn and Encore now and not on the golf course, as we up our convention profile, our meeting space, convention, and ballroom profile substantially. And then there is the lagoon, the new rooms that are going to be available on both the north and south side of Wynn Park, and the other features that go around the lake. And then the issue is adjacent properties that will be available for smaller operators on Paradise Road and the potential for exhibit space. So, balancing all of these things, I don't have a scheduling problem as much as I have a planning problem, but each of these things on our early investigation have overwhelming self-justification financially. So we don't really worry about financing them, if that's the direction of your question.
Steve Wynn: We are very close historically to the events you have asked about to have a lot of perspective on them. Time is going to straighten out, I think, the answer to your first question. The second one has to do with the remarkable events where 28 people were detained from Crown in Australia. I know very little about that, and I think I speak for my colleagues, and because we know so little and because these processes are opaque in many cases, I think the only people that can give you intelligent fix on that would be the folks at Crown. We have known -- I can add this. We have known for many years -- we have been there 15 years now -- that marketing and promotion in mainland China is not permitted, so we don't have our employees doing that. So, other than that, I know what I read in the paper and I think that is the same thing you read the paper, and I don't have anything constructive to add to it.
Steve Wynn: I have never spoken to you before and I want to make sure. There is a whole bunch of us. We're sitting around this table. We've got all the information here, and at moments like this when you launch a new project, especially one as ambitious and in a market as complicated in many respects as China, you want to try and give as much clarity as possible to the moment and not exaggerate or feather your nest or make promises. Personally, I would rather under promise and over deliver whenever possible. Ian, I don't know if you want to add anything to it or Steve? You have your own opinions fellas. You can say what you think.
Steve Wynn: They are telling us that there are some things they are going to do rather quickly, as far as crosswalks and things like that, but we literally couldn't get across. We had to take a very risky approach and dodge cars for me to get to the City of Dreams. I hadn't expected that it would be at this stage when we opened in August, but there it is.
Steve Wynn: Yes, everything is as we originally planned it. The Cotai property was built to appeal to the most discriminating person that would come to China, the premium mass customer and the VIP and the top end of the mass, even just below what we call premium mass. The idea was that this was going to be the place of choice for people that cared about their choice. And, so, that was always the program. I think if you ask me to be candid about any adjustment that I thought we needed, it was that I wanted to see more -- after the opening, as I looked at our neighbors and I looked more closely at our own trade and the response to various outlets in our hotel, I realized because we were so overrun with the casual dining things that we offered that we needed more of them. I think, if anything, I think I might've underestimated with my colleagues the amount of casual dining that we needed, compared to the other folks. They have dozens and dozens of these casual dining restaurants throughout Cotai. We had two or three, but I found out with the mass of people, it is not enough so we have got to increase that. And we are doing that in two specific locations adjacent to the casino straightaway. Now we have got to get through the approval of the government to do the work, and we're doing the drawings lickety-split as fast as we can to get that job done. As a matter of fact, we're going to put up construction barricades and get on with it immediately, but that's -- I guess if you asked me what surprised or what did I see after the place gave birth and the public came in, I immediately, and the rest of us, Ian, we all recognized we needed to up our casual dining capacities beyond what we originally thought. And it was pretty easy to do, actually, because we had anticipated that there would be something that we wanted to add or change after opening, which is why I left those spaces available for it. And now we're going to take advantage of it, based upon what we learned since August 22. Other than that, it is pretty much the same thing as we thought before.
Steve Wynn: This is Steve. I would add one thing. We are going to add - we have the tables, but we find that our mass demand at the Peninsula, we need to increase some more dealers because our utilization is too high. So we want to increase the amount of tables that are actually active during more hours. It is not a significant number. But I don't know how much that will affect the run rate.
Steve Wynn: There are a lot of unknowns. The country has 1.370 billion people, and managing it and its relations with the SAR, I don't think the SAR is the primary thing in China every day. I think Xi Jinping and the central government have a lot of problems to deal with, a lot of decisions. The liaison office is closely monitoring everything that happens in Macau. They were at our opening. They are very supportive, friendly and warm in every respect. But, again, there is this sort of unusual relationship between the announced autonomy of the SAR and the sensitivity of the SAR to the general policies of mainland China. So - and it's very hard for us to understand sometimes what everybody is thinking. It’s not a bad thing in any way, but it makes answering your particular question a little tricky.
Steve Wynn: Thank you very much, everybody. We will look forward to bringing you up to date in three months. Bye-bye.
Matt Maddox: We're following it carefully, Joe, and there does seem to be more momentum now than there has been in the past. The parties seem to be coalescing behind the idea and there seems to be momentum. I can't really tell you if it's going to happen or not, but it does feel like there is definitely more action in Japan now than there have been in the past six Diet sessions.
Matt Maddox: So, Joe, this is Matt. I think clearly the VIP business at all openings ramps the fastest, just given the nature of the junket operators and then bringing their customers in and the liquidity in that business that is immediately injected. As Ian laid out, we are planning on growing that business going forward by adding a junket operator and some casual junkets in the relative near term. On the mass side, we are very focused on capturing our fair share, which is -- or exceeding our fair share of the premium mass business, which is what we've always done. And that is that hand-to-hand combat, acquiring the Cotai players one at a time. And so, we are very focused on that. It will take longer to ramp that business up, but as customers come in and experience Palace, we believe they're going to become Wynn Palace customers.
Matt Maddox: Carlo, I'll let Ian jump in, but with only 40 days in the quarter under our belt, we plan on growing both significantly. VIP ramped faster than mass, and Cotai is little more promotional than the Peninsula, but it's not a lot more promotional.
Matt Maddox: Yes, we have. The Wynn Macau daily run rate is now about $1.1 million and Wynn Palace is in the neighborhood of $1.5 million, and if you look in the past, Wynn Macau was closer to $1.4 million.
Matt Maddox: So, Harry, we are, if you look at Wynn Palace, about 30% of the hotel business right now for us is cash business, and we are actively engaging travel agents and wholesalers and putting together great packages, not based on price, but based on combining food, spa, et cetera, because the Cotai market is between 30% and 40% retail. So, we're actively moving on that front.
Matt Maddox: Harry, I think 6 to 18 months, that's the right time frame to look at this. So, come positive, Wynn Palace's makeup will be lots of premium mass and high-margin cash non-gaming business. So, we would expect our margins to get closer in line with our downtown property, in that high 20s EBITDA margins, but that's going to take us time and Ian is doing a lot of work on rationalizing the expenses inside the property as well.
Matt Maddox: Sure, I think what we have clearly said today is that the ramp-up is happening slower than we anticipated, so while those numbers we still believe in, 2017 is likely not the year for those numbers. That should be, if you look at the competitors out at Cotai, where these properties, once they settle in, are able to -- the profit that they are able to generate. But I think until we get the construction issues settled and some of our new casual dining outlets finished, at that point we should start to get to those numbers.
