Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday.  I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true.  I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings. 
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig.  At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $246.3 million in adjusted property EBITDAR on $636.5 million of operating revenue during the quarter delivering an EBITDAR margin of 38.7%. Hold was a bit of a mixed bag given results in the Sportsbook, and we estimate a net $5 million benefit from higher than normal hold in the quarter.  OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day, was $4.1 million in Q1 2024, up 9% year-over-year and in line with the increase in operating revenues as we successfully absorbed incremental OpEx related to Super Bowl programming, union-related payroll increases and other inflationary pressures.  Turning to Boston. We generated adjusted property EBITDAR of $63 million on revenue of $217.8 million with an EBITDAR margin of 29%. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side and, excluding a $2 million benefit from a onetime item, OpEx per day was $1.19 million in Q1 2024, up around 2% year-over-year. The team has done a great job mitigating union-related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience.  Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDAR of $339.6 million in the quarter on $998.6 million of operating revenue. As Craig alluded to, we estimate higher than normal hold positively impacted EBITDA by around $19 million during the quarter. VIP hold was largely in the normal range with the hold impact primarily related to higher than normal hold on Wynn Palace's mass table games.  EBITDA margin was 34% in the quarter, an increase of 140 basis points relative to Q4 2023 and 310 basis points relative to Q1 2019. Overall, our strong margin expansion relative to 2019 has been driven by a combination of the favorable mix shift to higher-margin mass gaming and operating leverage on cost efficiencies.  Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax, was approximately $2.6 million per day in Q1, a decrease of 17% compared to $3.2 million in Q1 2019. OpEx increased 3% on a sequential basis, well below the 10% increase in operating revenue. The team has done a great job staying disciplined on costs, and we remain well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the market continues to recover.  In terms of CapEx in Macau, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on several of our concession commitments. And as we noted the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx outcomes in the near term. As such, we continue to expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $350 million and $500 million in total between 2024 and the end of 2025.  Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of nearly $4.2 billion as of March 31. This was comprised of $2.2 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and approximately $2 billion in the U.S.  On the capital markets front, in February, we issued a $400 million add-on to the Wynn Resorts Finance 2031 unsecured notes with net proceeds along with cash on hand used to fund the tender and repurchase of $800 million of Wynn Las Vegas notes maturing in March 2025. Over the past 4 quarters, we've reduced company-wide gross debt by approximately $1 billion.  Bringing it all together, the combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally, with our properties generating over $2.3 billion of trailing 12-month property EBITDAR, together with our robust cash position, creates a very healthy consolidated net leverage ratio of just over 4x.  Our strong free cash flow and liquidity profile allows us to reduce leverage while returning capital to shareholders. To that end, the Board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on May 31, 2024 to stockholders of record as of May 20, 2024.  Additionally, in late March, the Wynn Macau Board recommended the reinstatement of a dividend at $0.075 per share or USD 50 million highlighting our commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders in both the U.S. and Macau.  Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $97.7 million primarily related to the Villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas, concession-related CapEx in Macau and normal course maintenance across the business. Additionally, we contributed $70 million of equity to the Wynn Al Marjan Island JV project during the quarter, bringing the total equity contribution to date to approximately $160 million.  With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A. 
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Shaun, I'll take that one.  Yes, we've talked quite a bit about OpEx and how we've been very disciplined in managing it and how we've been able to accommodate the nongaming OpEx that we have to spend to meet our concession commitments. So we've been really disciplined. We had OpEx per day of $2.63 million in Q1. So it's still well below Q1 '19 levels, and it's only up 3% sequentially.  It was a big Q in terms of what we call tentpole events. And it's -- obviously, the OpEx increase is well below the 10% we've had sequentially in operating revenue. So we had -- we were really pleased with the flow-through there.  Going forward, we're going to continue to be really disciplined around OpEx. We have good line of sight to the events calendar and how we'll continue to incorporate that. So as we have our EBITDA margin at both properties above Q1 '19 levels and our OpEx were well controlled, we really expect revenue mix to be the key driver of margins going forward.  We're going to have some quarter-to-quarter variation as we see different events on the calendar, and we continue to roll out programming. But we feel pretty good about what we've managed to land with OpEx. And we see potential for some quarters to be slightly inside of that $2.63 million. And maybe in a bigger quarter, it might be slightly outside of that. But overall, we're in a good place. 
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you. And thank you, operator. With that, we'll bring this call to a close. We thank you for your interest in the company and look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Craig Billings: Yes. Sure, Carlo. You cut out a little bit there at the end, but I got the gist of your question. Macau has always been and is currently a competitive market. And as you know, we focus on product and service, and we focus on attracting the best guests in the market. So I've seen a lot of the questions and the commentary around promotional activity.  I don't really want to speak to promotional activity by others in the market. But I can tell you that our reinvestment can move 50, 75 basis points in any given quarter depending upon what we are trying to achieve. But the core of our competitive strength remains product and service. And I think you can see that in Q1 with both our results and our margin. 
Craig Billings: Sure. Well, first, as it specifically relates to drop and handle, we've almost doubled handle from 2019 to 2023, and a lot of that was share taking. We have table drop that's up almost 50% in the same period so not too shabby. And as you know, I've said on several calls, trees don't grow to the sky.  But all that being said, the comps are getting tougher. And if you go to a CPI calculator online, you will find that the purchasing power of $1 today is the same as about $0.80 in March of 2019.  So for a casino and a hotel operator like us who can reprice rooms every day and whose customers gaming bankrolls reflect the current value of the dollar, we shouldn't be surprised that results today when compared to the past look pretty good. Of course, that pricing power is exacerbated by the strength of what we offer here in Las Vegas with the best service quality, the best physical experience and top-notch program.  You can layer on top of that that our target customer base, they can now earn 5 points on their money just by putting it in the bank, and that has seen pretty strong wealth creation over the past several quarters, it's a pretty powerful EBITDA setup.  Of course, by the way, the vast majority of our deployed capital here and our debt is in yesterday's dollars. So that EBITDA setup also works wonders for returns and discretionary free cash flow.  I digress slightly, but when do things go from absolutely unbelievable to just really great? I don't know the answer to that. The best I can do is give you a clear picture of what we're seeing right now as I did in my prepared remarks with respect to April, and it's good. 
Craig Billings: Yes. Thanks, Joe. It has a lot to do with the revamp of our loyalty program and the fact that we have given our customers choice in terms of how they want their reinvestment. And so in any given quarter, those choices change. And some of those choices flow to contra revenue and some of those choices flow to OpEx. So that's really the primary driver. It's not indicative of a systemic change in the aggregate reinvestment. 
Craig Billings: Sure. So first and foremost, and this is true company-wide, we never want to be in a position where we have to walk someone because we don't have their room type or we don't have their room available for them. Second, at some point, the experience on the property actually degrades if you get to use an extreme 99% occupancy. So we're always balancing occupancy and rate in order to drive strong revenue results but also maintain a great experience on the property.  Macau is very different. Macau, there is a decent amount of occupancy that occurs on the day. So you have people that are in-market and we will offer them a room while they're in-market so you have the ability to drive up that occupancy very, very close to 100%. So it's really just a difference in market dynamics.  And can we run higher in Vegas? Sure, we could. We could do that. And at times, we do. We do run higher and then it washes out later in the quarter where we run lower. It's really just a question of the on-premises experience and maximizing revenue. 
Craig Billings: Sure. Yes, it's very, very early. I mean, we -- first things first, we need to understand that the regulatory structure, the licensing structure, the bidding structure, et cetera, are all going to be consistent with other jurisdictions that are considered best-in-class. I personally think they will be based on the information that we have to date. But that's really a condition precedent to our further involvement.  It's an interesting market for the reasons that I described in my prepared remarks, lots of great infrastructure, a very strong tourism sector today. And I think it will be a competitive process. I think in any market like that, that has those dynamics, I think you're going to find a lot of folks that are interested in being there. And we are very confident in our capabilities given the strength of the portfolio as it exists today and the talent that we have in this business. 
Craig Billings: Sure. The total budget is around $4 billion. If budgets move here and there but no substantial movement, our capital contribution will be, round numbers, call it, $900 million. That heavily depends on the construction leverage. So we're in the midst of figuring that out now. But you can figure something like 50-50 debt to equity and then we would be 40% of the equity. 
Craig Billings: Sure. What I would say is this. February, as we called out, it would be -- was, of course, the strongest month of the quarter. And then in rank order, it would be March and January. 
Craig Billings: Sure, Robin. Just like other jurisdictions, there are regulatory requirements that are required before we can open the doors. And so we expect that we will meet those regulatory requirements and receive the necessary approvals in due course. 
Craig Billings: We're not building on spec, put it that way. So I think you've seen -- hopefully, you've seen that they have created a federal regulatory body of the GCGRA in order to license and issue -- license operators and issue regulations associated with gaming. The GCGRA's activities are ongoing, and we are aware of what they are. And we'll get all the necessary approvals in due course. 
Craig Billings: Sure. And then we held high subsequent to the end of the quarter. It really is just a function of the normal ebb and flow of the game. A lot of that has to do with the volume of high-end play. And so there's really nothing -- there's really not a lot to see there and, over time, hold will normalize. 
Craig Billings: Thanks, David. You were chopping up there a bit, but I think I got the gist of your question. I think you were addressing the development opportunities in the land that we have here. But we do -- we have a very substantial land bank in Las Vegas, as you know. And the reality is that we are replacing choices now from a development perspective.  We've got the projects going on in the UAE. By the way, we will have a land bank there as well. We're obviously looking at New York. We are considering Thailand as that process evolves.  And so we have a lot of things in the hopper at the moment that are going to meaningfully increase our EBITDAR and our free cash flow base. We are always considering particularly the adjacent land on the strip as a potential development opportunity, but we really want to see how some of these other things play out. 
Craig Billings: Sure. Yes. So -- the reality is it's many things. So what happens in the macro economy, what happens to borrowing cost, what happens to the cost to build and then what are our other opportunities, how many of those opportunities can be pushed through our design and development team at any given point in time.  So it's a -- I don't know, 5D question, I guess. I don't know if you can get into the fifth dimension. But there's a lot of questions there. And right now, we're focused on New York. We're observing Thailand, and we're in the midst of constructing in the UAE. So we like our development pipeline at the moment. We like our future EBITDAR and free cash flow profile at the moment. So stay tuned. 
