Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox; and Marilyn Spiegel in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan; Linda Chen; Ciaran Carruthers; Frederic Luvisutto; and Brian Gullbrants.  I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. I want to remind everyone that the results presented in our earnings release reflect the closure of Wynn Las Vegas through June 3 and the closure of Encore Boston Harbor for the entire quarter.  As Matt noted, subsequent to reopening in Las Vegas, we generated approximately $9 million of normalized EBITDA from a business that is heavily weighted to weakened occupancy. In the casino, slot business has been resilient with handle per operating day in the second quarter up 2% year-over-year, while table drop per operating day was down 31% year-over-year, primarily due to lower baccarat volumes.  In light of current forecasted business trends and the absence of a number of key visitor segments, the team at Wynn Las Vegas has made adjustments to our business subsequent to reopening, including to staffing. As a result, our daily OpEx levels, excluding gaming taxes in Las Vegas, have declined 40% from Q4 2019 to approximately $1.8 million per day in July. We are focused on cash generation in Las Vegas. And as Matt noted, we expect to be breakeven to slightly EBITDA positive over the next few months, a substantial improvement over the daily cash burn rate we experienced during the closure.  In Boston, we reopened in early July with a number of safety-related operating restrictions in place. Our reopening plan there was focused on opening only those amenities that support the casino, including the closure of the hotel on most weekdays. Overall, we've seen encouraging trends in the casino, particularly in slots with handle per operating day up approximately 7% versus Q4 2019. Similar to Las Vegas, we made a number of operating and staffing adjustments, resulting in a reduction of daily OpEx, excluding gaming taxes from Q4 2019 of approximately 33% to $830,000 per day post reopening in July.  In Macau, business volumes remained subdued throughout the quarter due to ongoing travel restrictions in place in the region. While we await the return of visitation to the market, we have made certain OpEx adjustments with a focus on nonlabor fixed costs. As a result, we anticipate that we will break even at approximately 40% of Q4 2019 gaming volumes. Until that point, we anticipate a gradually improving daily EBITDA burn of $1.5 million to $2 million per day.  As of last Friday, July 31, our global cash and liquidity position was over $3.8 billion, providing us with significant runway to weather the pandemic. In Macau, we had approximately $2.5 billion of available liquidity as of July 31. And in the U.S., we had total available liquidity of $1.3 billion as of July 31, with a substantially lower domestic daily cash burn subsequent to the reopening of our U.S.-based properties. Our CapEx in the quarter was $52 million. As noted last quarter, the vast majority of our CapEx plans remain on hold, and we are only proceeding with our highest priority projects.  Lastly, I'd like to remind everyone that in the first quarter of 2020, we accrued $75.7 million of OpEx associated with our prior commitment to pay our domestic team members full wages and benefits from April 1 through May 15, and thus, this amount was not included in OpEx in the second quarter of 2020. Additionally, corporate expense in the quarter benefited from a $27.7 million net gain in relation to a derivative litigation settlement that the company received after the close of the quarter.  With that, we will now turn the call over to Q&A.
Craig Billings: Yes. $2 million would be in a zero revenue environment, and $1.5 million would be in a modest revenue environment. We -- it's a very fluid situation based on all the visa points that have been discussed ad nauseam, but that's how we think about it at this moment in time.
Craig Billings: Sure. Yes, you're right, Shaun. If you look back to Q4 '19, we had about $1.3 million in OpEx. Today, it's about $830,000. If you think about what's happening in the business, we mentioned that slot handle was up pretty significantly versus Q4. Table drop is down about 30%, but we're down about 50% in terms of positions. So we can obviously breakeven in this environment with the OpEx reductions that we've done. And as that table volume comes back, we anticipate that not only will we generate pretty meaningful EBITDA. Some of those expenses will come back. But a good chunk of what we've done is more permanent in nature, and we're not going to open any amenity unless it's accretive.
Matthew Maddox: That's what we discuss internally and how we think about 2020 is that in the fourth quarter, we're hopeful to be at that level.
Matthew Maddox: So it's certainly a very different business model. We're effectively a super regional casino right now. So without the convention base, without the nightclub crowd, without the large shows, we've become super regional. So we're really focused on promos, on offers, we have partnerships with JetSuiteX. We're doing lots of things to try to get people to come here more often basically from California and Arizona, so frequency and worth to spend more.  So the market is very promotional right now, obviously. And we're focused on our database and driving more casino revenue. Non-gaming revenue is down for us by 2/3. And that was 2/3 of our business. So we're doing everything we can to get heads in beds in the hotel and really focused on how we can get more of our drive-in market here on a more frequent basis.
Matthew Maddox: Yes, sure. I think that no one can predict the future right now. So groups are all holding off until kind of late spring '21 into the back half of next year to decide what's going to happen and what they need. One thing that we're doing, which I think is probably different than most of our peers, is I'm spending a lot of time on point-of-care testing. There's a couple of really exciting technologies that are moving forward. And we are in line if those get their EUA, Emergency Use Authorization, under the FDA, because I believe if we can have on-site point-of-care testing that provides pooling, meaning we -- it looks like you can do 10 people at a time with a 5-minute turnaround that, that changes the game for groups. So maybe you're not waiting until the mid-next year, if you can actually have point-of-care testing to show that everyone walking into this space is COVID-free. I think that, that could accelerate, I don't know, how much by months, our ramp-up of some of the smaller groups.  That stuff has not been approved yet, but -- those point-of-care tests are not approved yet by the FDA, but they're moving fast. And the cost, especially with pooling are coming down significantly. So I think my belief is that's sort of the bridge that we need to get to in a place that requires a lot of people to be together before we're into the vaccine. Because I think as everyone knows, by the time that's approved and rolled out and implemented, those things are complicated and take a lot of time. So those are the types of things we're talking to our groups about in addition to all the social distancing measures and everything that we do to provide a really safe experience. And so the conversations are ongoing, but to say that we knew when groups could start coming back is, I think, it's too early.
Matthew Maddox: Yes, sure. And when I said super regional, what I meant by that was our customers are coming from drive-in markets. But our revenue, as you know, our revenues are not like a regional market revenue. When 2/3 of our business is nongaming, and that's down by 60-plus percent. So even though we're getting -- gaming spend is okay, you can't cut your way to better margins without absolutely destroying your brand and culture and company. You can't do it in our market, and we're not going to.  So while we -- our expenses are down almost 40%, we're focused on EBITDA and not on margin because we want to make sure we're making cash, we're preserving our cash flow and we're preserving who we are for the long term.
Matthew Maddox: Yes, sure. That's possible. And I'll let Craig take that and then Brian provide some color on our customers there.
Matthew Maddox: Sure. So I think as most of you that have been following us, our efforts in Japan over the last decade have been more monitoring as opposed to being really active. We have been monitoring that situation for years and years and years. And back in March, we decided that until there's more clarity on what the business is going to look like, what the world is going to look like and what the regulations really are over there, they were pretty much ceasing our efforts. We did that about 4 months ago. It doesn't mean that we're not interested in the market. It just means that right now, it's not a focus for our company.
Matthew Maddox: I think that each one would have to be able to support what we do. We would -- there are -- clearly, I think the Atlanta market or the New York market, under the right regulatory environment, under the right tax rate, under the right surrounding community agreements is something that we would take a look at. But without seeing what would be required, I can't say that any of those would be attractive for us right now.
Matthew Maddox: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Ian Coughlan: So visitation from Hong Kong, Joe, is between 17% and 18%, if you look at last year. And from a GGR perspective, it probably represents 9% or 10% of last year's GGR. We actually think locally, with the closure of Hong Kong, for PRC travelers once the Guangdong bubble fully opens with tourist visas into Macau, we will get the benefit of Hong Kong being closed to mainland Chinese customers. So Hong Kong is a good market for us, but we really believe the power comes from Guangdong. 21 of the 47 IVS cities are in Guangdong. So once that opens up, we believe that, that will lift our business significantly.
Ian Coughlan: So we're hoping there's going to be a clamor for visas and that some of the visa offices will get jammed up, but we imagine it will clear over a couple of weeks. And we'll start to see meaningful traffic within 2 weeks.
Ian Coughlan: Junket health. Well, we've got a handful of the largest junket operators at Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace. So they've kept their teams together. They're, like, ourselves, they're waiting with bated breath for the resuming of tourist visas. And from the outside, they look well capitalized, and we deal with the bigger operators. So we believe that their business will build aligned with our business.
Ian Coughlan: The general sentiment locally among the operators is we're not going to cut each other's throats. Everybody's going to be reasonable about marketing expenses. And we're hoping for lots of activity once the tourist visas come back and I don't believe that we'll see a huge increase in marketing expenses.
