Matt Maddox: Sure. Hey, Carl, it’s Matt Maddox. So when we were reviewing this, Steve put it perfectly that we don’t plan on dividending out borrowed money. And so, if you look at our payout ratio based on our adjusted earnings per share, what we’re looking at right now is similar to what we did last year. So that’s really the way we’re looking at the capital structure. And there’s so much uncertainty right now in Las Vegas, in Macau, and with our project coming on next year, that we’re just not going to be dividending borrowed money.
Matt Maddox: No. I would say that there was really no impact from a hold standpoint on margins, and clearly there is a little bit of cost creep. If you look at the fourth quarter for 2014 to the first quarter this year you can see that, and operating expenses today are up around 7%.
Matt Maddox: I would say that it’s just not necessarily healthier. I would again look at the same trends that we have with respect to far east market. I think that they are paying close attention to traveling over here and whether they should or whether they shouldn’t. So it’s – if that’s a measurable, it’s a little different than watching our high-end play.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So we’re continuing to move forward in our master permitting process and we’re making a lot of progress with MEPA and the department of transportation. We’ve performed all the drilling and testing on site.
Matt Maddox: And what they do is they will issue sort of a master permit before you can continue to move forward. That process will likely continue for another six months. As we go through all of our permitting, and as Steve said, hopefully we’ll be breaking ground some time by the end of the year in Everett. So we’re making a lot of progress on that front.
Matt Maddox: Just to get into the position to build? So we’ve spent $200 million to date on the project. And we do not plan on breaking ground until the end of the year. I think we probably have another $100 million to go this year, Steve, with remediation and various fees that we know to the Massachusetts gaming commissions. I think we’ll spend $300 million before we break ground.
Steve Wynn: Our new junket rooms did well. But the other junket operators that weren’t quite as powerful – I wouldn’t say they scavenged the other ones, but the new junket rooms are in the hands of very well-financed operators. So, and the rooms were very well received and they’ve been lively and they’ve been busy.
Steve Wynn: But in terms of the whole operation in Las Vegas, the EBITDA decline that we’ve been seeing continues.
Steve Wynn: Yeah, can you hear that? Here’s two of us saying we’d be thrilled if non-casino revenue was flat in the second quarter as it was in the first. My guess is that that’s going be a struggle.
Steve Wynn: Well, on our labor allocation, we got less than we asked for, then we appealed and they gave us some more. Then we made another application and they gave us less than we asked for and we appealed that. I’m not sure how exactly the process works in the calculations that are done at the labor department in Macau. These jobs after all are people from mainland China just on the other side of the fence. But there’s pressure locally, the locals don’t want the streets too crowded or something. They put pressure on the local government officials and they respond, they’re very sensitive to local pressure. So it leaves us in a bit of a quandary. We never know quite what to expect these days. And uncertainty, for our employees we’re beginning to notice that our, we have the lowest. Let me start over on this. In that town where there’s a 25% to 30% turnover rate, our company stands alone with a current rate of 8%. All of last year was 11%. We have – our employees are very sticky. They like us, they stay with us. That’s a big advantage when you’re building a new property. However, every one of our employees in Macau is a shareholder of Wynn Macau. And they’re counting on the cumulated dividends, the value of those shares, as their basic savings. The current situation in Macau is threatening them, and unfortunately I’m not in a position to protect them from the exposures attendant to the changes that have been brought about in the marketplace. We try and deal with that as we build the new place. But there’s no question that uncertainty is the plaguing word of the day in Macau. And hopefully, our government in Macau will calm that down and put some certainty back into the picture, and that’ll be very important to the employees who are basically Macau citizens. But they’re beginning to feel these rumbles and I fear that, that may erupt into protests against the government if it isn’t settled soon.
Steve Wynn: Both of the two things that you just mentioned are in play. And secondly or thirdly, the recovery in America is a jobless recovery in real terms. And inflation in America in real terms is an enormous number. So I think that the general economic recovery in the United States has been grossly overstated. And we’re an echo of that here in Las Vegas as one of America’s main destination resort cities. And all of you get to hear these kinds of comments from other public companies that are engaged in this business, and I think a picture’s beginning to emerge. Next question.
Steve Wynn: What a great question. And first of all, it will impact social harmony. But I – the government officials are balancing, I think at this point, a lot of issues that have emanated from Beijing, and also emanate from their own population. How they walk that tightrope and what their decisions are, are at the moment unpredictable to us. Because we’re – we can’t sit in their – we can’t stand in their shoes. We don’t really know how much pressure they feel in different areas. We hear their public statements and we certainly enjoy private conversations with them, but they tend to be very formal. They’re never critical on anything directly. When they want something, they make requests. It’s a very civilized process. But there’s no question that the atmosphere has changed and become cloudier in terms of predictability and consistency, it’s definitely become cloudy. They had a press conference, one of the new ministers as part of this government that, I mean made a statement from the legislature that the light rail system, which has been under development for five years that I’m aware of or six years, they don’t have any idea exactly when it’ll be finished or what it’s going to cost. I’m sure that was a painful thing for the man to say exact words. You cannot excuse the unexcusable. I’m here just to apologize. Well, if that’s going on at the highest levels of the government in Macau, you can imagine how – what happens as it filters down to those of us who aren’t of the resort industry. So I don’t know if I’m being very helpful in passing on my impressions, but I’m doing the best I can.
Steve Wynn: We’re going have a – we’re having this call today on the eve of the upcoming Pacquiao fight and Mayweather fight. And this, in my 40-odd years in this town, this is a one-off. I have never seen madness and demand of this sort. This fight is probably going to break all records for pay-per-view. It certainly is breaking all records in what they’re getting for tickets. We have never charged more than $1,500 for a ringside seat in a fight and they’re going for $10,000, and then $7,500 for the medium range, and then $5,000 for the ones in the upper tier, an outrageous amount of money. Mayweather and Pacquiao are going to not only have to have a fight, but they’re probably going to have to do a chorus line or something to justify the cost of this. But our room rates are at $1,300, $1,400, $1,500 for typical rooms, and you can’t get a room in this town. I’ve never seen anything like it even with Hagler fought Leonard, Ali, nothing like this. And there’s a lot of Baccarat business coming to town this weekend, a ton of it. So we’re going to have one of these New Year’s Eve, Chinese New Year pumps. But I’m trying to give an overview here of what’s really going on in terms of the tempo of the city here, and I think we ought to keep our eye on the long view as opposed to the short view.
Steve Wynn: And so we said, well, we could safely say half of that. We could have said $3.00 instead of $2.00 a year. But I decided that until we get a clearer picture of this, I was going to try to avoid another reduction if I could. But I want to make it clear, Mr. Kelley. I wouldn’t think twice if there was another big change in changing it every quarter. Up or down. Make no mistake about it. We do not feel it is an appropriate prudent management to make promises about distribution in a business that fluctuates. Now that may be bad news to some investors who would prefer to know that it just comes off like clockwork, but this is not that kind of a company. And it’s never really going to be that kind of a company. We’ll get bigger. I think we’ll do fine with Cotai as a percentage of return on its investment. I think we’ll do great in Boston as a percentage of return on its investment. And therefore, the company will grow and the available cash flow will increase hopefully. And so will our dividends, because we’re a distribution company. But at the moment – I mean, one of the benefits of the fact that we are a distribution company is that we distributed billions of dollars to our shareholders. That’s good news. But it’s not an inherent promise of a fixed amount of money. It’s only an inherent promise of our approach to the problem. Hear me on this. There’ll be no change in that attitude while I’m sitting in my chair.
Steve Wynn: Hold on. We can’t slow it down. It’s being finished. And there’s bank obligations. You can’t slow it down in Macau. The building is sitting there. The skin is on. They’re getting ready to fill the lake. Staff is hired. I don’t suspect that we’re going to lose money in Macau, if that’s your – if you’re wanting me to draw that inference. I don’t – I’m not implying...
Steve Wynn: I don’t want you to infer that. Boston, we have made hard and fast commitments to the Gaming Commission in Massachusetts. These things are really – you’re very much handcuffed in what you say and what you’re required to do in these conditions, when you go before these regulatory agencies such as Massachusetts. You don’t get much wiggle room. You could certainly make sure you have complete drawings at hard and fast numbers on the cost of the project, even if it takes an extra few months to get the drawings done, and we surely will do that.
Steve Wynn: Why I tend to talk about what we see and what we think, and I’m trying to deal with the next six or eight months and it’s hard to do. I’ve been doing this for 40-odd years. I have to tell you, and I talk to Sheldon. We’re very good friends. It’s hard for us. It’s hard for Rob Goldstein and the rest of the people, our neighbors next door. Who are up to their eyebrows in development investments in China? They’ve noticed it in Singapore as well. And then we hear that finally it appears the Japanese are going to pass – are on the threshold of passing a study bill. We’ve always been told that if they weren’t going to do it, they wouldn’t have a study bill in the diet. But now it turns out there’s going be a study bill it appears this week. We spent – I spent the day yesterday with a deputation from Osaka, the whole day yesterday with Osaka. And they were here touring all the hotels. So there’s a lot of good news and I love our opportunity in Boston. We’re going to build them the first really grand hotel in the city with nonstop service from every major capital in Europe, Latin America, Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai. So I don’t want to stop anything, but I want to build them carefully with as much insight that we can gain from our 40 odd years of successful experience. We’ve never had a failure in this industry. We’ve never hit a real bump. We don’t do layoffs.
Steve Wynn: That’s what we – the President of China expressed as has the Chief Executive, Fernando Choy [ph], the repetition of the desire for the diversification of the offerings in the city. Wynn Palace is primarily a non-casino attraction. Billions of dollars of the $4 billion are dedicated to non-casino attractions. It becomes, in a few months when we’ve filled in the lake and turn on the fountains, and the condolers start to flow, it will be the photo op in China. Just as the Bellagio was. It will be the photo op in China. If that isn’t diversification then I need a new lesson in the use of language. But we have followed the guidelines of the government religiously in diversifying the offerings that we have. And in private conversations with the government I’ve raised the question of further diversification and I’m awaiting their response. The government is tentative at best in responding to us. I think that’s a reflection of a little bit of their own uncertainty under the circumstances. I repeat again. The tentativeness of the government is a reflection of their own uncertainty, I believe, in many respects, as far as predicting where to go tomorrow or in the near future. There’s a new boss in China, Xi Jinping, and his agenda is something that everybody is adjusting to. He’s a very dynamic man. He enjoys enormous popularity among the people of China. And in China, the people matter. And so, everybody’s waiting and watching.
Steve Wynn: I don’t know the answer to that question. I don’t know how you’d delay Wynn Palace without causing major social disruption in the city. All of these people, their shares, their jobs, their future, these are Macau people, are sitting in anticipation of that event. There’s never been a hotel at this scale in Macau. And as big as Venetian is, Wynn Palace is a $4 billion hotel. Now, that money was very carefully spent. And you say it slowly, 1,700 rooms, $4 billion. This is a fancy piece of business. It is a destination-creating – it creates more of a destination for Macau from people from far away. Remember, growth in a market, the phrase I’ve used before, tourism is all about bringing people from over there to over here. And the way you bring people from over there to over here, is to make sure that what’s here is better than what is over there. That simplistic three sentences I just said, are at the heart of the way we’ve designed and created, based upon 43 years of unparalleled construction. Every project we’ve ever done has changed the market. We decided that we were going to try and do that again in Macau, and we took our time as you know with the Palace. And it represents our very best effort. The city benefits from that, in its appeal to the outside world, to bring folks from outside China and from all over the Pacific Rim to Macau, just as the other buildings that have been built by Galaxy and by Melco and by Venetian have done that. The growth of that market, it’s positioned as a destination in Asia, is the most phenomenal modern development in the last 50 years. Why anyone would want to tamper with that or undermine it, flies in the face of all the logic that we have been discussing for the past several minutes. But can there be social disruption? For sure. The public and the citizens of Macau have been brought to a higher level of income and a higher level of expectation, and they don’t hesitate to express themselves publicly on the subject. The government is now currently awaiting and hoping there won’t be any May demonstrations. Just like America, everybody has high hopes and everybody gets a little spoiled at times, and they want what they want when they want it. And all we do is try and service this expectation as best we can, with the help of the government hopefully.
Steve Wynn: They’re constantly being adjusted, as you know. As Gamal [indiscernible]. One of the interesting – I’m sorry. Go ahead, Ian.
Steve Wynn: Here’s a point of interest. When we designed the palace, it was going to have a spectacularly dramatic front area with the fountains, and the gondolas, and everything else. And, of course, it was going be serviced by the light rail. It was going to stop right in the middle of our front area. Well, whether it stops now or later is irrelevant to the fact that we had to answer the question, what do we put on the lake? Well, we put major restaurants and then we put VIP rooms. Each of them, and our pool, and our recreation area all look over the lake. The gondolas pass over and look at the recreational area of the hotel from about 30 feet up and about 30 feet out over the water. It’s quite dramatic. And there’s music in the gondolas, and air conditioning in the gondolas as people experience this, to use a Disney term, this e-ride. Now we decided to put VIP rooms on the lake and each one of them have balconies. Well you know there’s been a crackdown on smoking that’s very aggressive by the government. There’s no misunderstanding their intention or their rationale for such things. And our job is to accept those decisions, regardless of our own opinions about those decisions. Frankly, the air inside our hotel is better than the air outside our hotel. But notwithstanding that truth, we were able to take the mass area and some of our regular gaming and put it in these areas on the lake which means that these tables can take three steps and be outside on a smoking balcony. It was unintended consequences but it tends mitigate the impact of the smoking ban, because all of these areas around the lake have terraces that are open-aired and will allow visitors to smoke if that’s their pleasure. And so there’s a little silver lining to the smoking cloud. We have an advantage that our competitors don’t enjoy in regard to that fact. Just a little piece of business that’s interesting about as you reallocate space.
Steve Wynn: The light rail system is a question mark, according to the secretary and his testimony before the ledge Coe. Having covered that, we can turn now to the bridge. Ian and Gamal, what’s the latest on our bridge construction? When I was there a little while ago, the construction, you can look from helicopter and see it clearly enough.
Steve Wynn: Fixing streets and the related in the neighboring communities, working on traffic resolution, environmental, and other things, the hurdle is substantial, and that’s what it takes to build a grand hotel in Massachusetts. Welcome to the regulated businesses of America. The [indiscernible] and bureaucratic challenges are [indiscernible] and this doesn’t just apply to our industry. It applies to all businesses. And at one point – investors and citizens can take note of this. As they clamor for more jobs, they clamor for more governmental support, think of the jumps that private enterprise has to make in order to get the job done. It’s daunting. You can quit, retire, or you can keep up the effort, in the hopes that these energies are rewarded at the end of the day by patronage. It requires a bit of both. It just [indiscernible]. But I guess we’re true believers around here, so off we go, onward and upward, excelsior. How satisfying is that to the group on this call? You’ve got to have a sense of humor about this stuff, ladies and gentlemen. I imagine Sheldon’s listening and he’s chuckling at this moment.
Steve Wynn: Do you have any other – do you have another question? Or does that put – I would point to it. That’s and I don’t know if I think [indiscernible].
Thomas Allen: Hi. So two questions on the occupancy. So in Macau, your occupancy held in relatively well. Some of your peers, you saw sizable drops. Can you just talk about your expectations of occupancy trends in Macau going forward especially after we all saw March visitation dropping down significantly? And just second part of the question is just on Vegas. We saw a decline in occupancy, was that a function of just a CON/AGG comp or something else? Thanks.
Thomas Allen: So what do you think is driving it? As you think about the summer is it the strengthening U.S. dollar? Is it something else? And then, I’m just going to sneak in one more question. When you talked about Cotai Palace opening up or being prepared to open up in March of next year. Can you give us an update on the labor allocation? I think there was some issue with that last quarter? And I’m done. Thank you.
Thomas Allen: And sorry, just following up on my first question. What do you think is driving the weakness during the summer in Las Vegas? Is it the stronger U.S. dollar? Is it fewer fly out of China? And then again, I’m done after that. Thank you.
Ian Coughlan: Absolutely. We have a slightly different eco climate on the peninsula. We also have a smaller inventory of rooms than the big operators in Cotai. So with 1,000 keys we also had a shift of rooms into our premium mass and mass segment. So we have some new reward programs where we’re giving approximately 100 rooms a day more to our premium mass and mass areas, where we’ve been able to grow a mid-section of our Mass business very nicely despite the downturn in business. So we’ve utilized the inventory where the business is. So we’ve kept our occupancy virtually the same as last year.
Ian Coughlan: I was going to say, we think that we haven’t just woken up and thought we need to reconfigure the floor. We’ve been reconfiguring between mass and VIP now for nine to 12 months. We continue to do that and its part of our plan going forward. So we’re constantly reenergizing areas of the casino. The two new VIP rooms are under construction for eight months. It closed down a big section of the casino. We had a lot of disturbance for six months. Now we have a fully operating casino again. But we have future plans as well for the mass casino. We’ll continue to recalibrate it and balance between VIP and mass.
Ian Coughlan: There’s different responsibilities Steve with different governments. The Macau side may very well be ready but on the Hong Kong side they have some big reclaimed land infrastructure to take care of. So we’re depending on three parties, mainland China, Macau, and Hong Kong to get the bridge finished. The number as Gamal said, the year as Gamal said is around 2020. That’s pretty much the latest that we’ve heard.
Maurice Wooden: So, in Las Vegas the first quarter, we saw a lot of compression with Convention business in the month of January where there was a lot of opportunity. We just didn’t have all the room inventory. So where you have a lot of business that really was interested in being in Las Vegas during that month. As opposed to the previous year we were spread out throughout February and March as well. Of course you had mentioned March as far as CON/AGG and Con Ex [ph], and that was a big impact for us from a revenue perspective as well as from a room [ph] perspective.
Maurice Wooden: Well, for April and May, we have a strong base and stable base of convention as well as leisure mix. Summer’s going to be interesting. We’re starting to see summer trends not pick up the same way they did in previous year. So we’re paying very close attention to the market. And what we’re getting as indicators as far as the summer business but it does not seem as strong at this point as it was last year.
Maurice Wooden: April’s business is much better than March. A lot more stable. The base is more equalized with respect to the different segments that are filling our rooms here. And so we had a better convention base, better mix.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I’m directing this to Linda and Ian, but it’s also for you Steve. And Steve, I realize that in your prepared remarks you said that you can’t address this intelligently given the uncertainty. But I really do want to hear how you’re all thinking about the deceleration in VIP, GGR and premium mass as you try to run your business and budget for the future? I mean certainly you must have your own forecast and assumptions for when this acceleration flows, even bottoms up. I get this question all the time from investors. I know you get this question, but considering you have your finger on the pulse of this market a lot more than I do. I really do want to hear your thoughts.
Felicia Hendrix: Hopefully. Last just very quick, housekeeping, Matt or Marc, just what were the number of tables in Macau in the end of the quarter in mass and VIP? In the release you gave the average number, but if you could give us the end-of-quarter number that would be helpful.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Yeah, the number of tables in Macau – the number of mass tables, the number of VIP tables at the end of the quarter. In the release it was just – given the average was given.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Well, the 252 in the release it says it’s the average number. It’s because you opened up the renovated part of the casino at the end of the quarter that’s why I’m just trying to see what the numbers are.
