Stephen Wynn: If someone wants to nitpick, they are free to do it. Ian do you want to comment on -- we look at this one place.
Stephen Wynn: It was matter of fact it was Sheldon Adelson and I spoke to him, because I saw that announcement and it was interesting. It shows how progressive and how dedicated to doing the right thing all of us are. Here is a case where Sheldon and his staff want to make [provision] better and update anything that they find that's weak or that could be better. And what's fascinating is that today in Macau, an operator as big as The Sands, says okay, we're going to do something and improve something and if we have to spend a $1 billion we've got that much faith in the future of the market. I was glad to see it, so much so that I called Sheldon and talked to him about it, and he was elaborating on it to me. So it's a good thing. It shows that we never -- you know in our business sort of like the theme park business, if you're not growing you're shrinking. If you're not getting better you're slipping. It's a capital intensive business, but what's wonderful about our business is those capital investments are well rewarded. For example, this year we closed after the final four last year in March. The next morning we closed the whole north end of the casino where the race sports book were located and our delicatessen Zoozacrackers. We closed it off spent $11 million and then opened it up the day of the exhibition games in August. New screens of the most advanced kind, a brand new restaurant called Charlie's, new bar, new everything, brightened and opened the whole north end of this casino for $11 million. Well we've now assessed it for several months. It looks like we're going to increase our EBITDA by 5 million. Now when we keep a couple of billion dollars in the bank, we can make 2% maybe, but when we can invest in our own business and have a return of 40%-50% actually double digit returns there's no comparable use of our money. We have a dividend program, but the same thing happened when we moved poker over to Encore and turned Botero into Jardin. There we invested 5 million and we made an extra 1.5 million in EBITDA. So like The Sands, in this case they're doing it on a rather larger scale. We invest in our own business continually to give our guests a better experience and it's a good investment.
Stephen Wynn: '14 in July. We lost $150 million in Wynn, when the campaign of corruption came in Macau. We lost $150 million in Las Vegas, which was about $40 million, $30 million in those days of EBITDA. Well, Maurice Wooden and I and the gang we all sat down and we redid our business plan. No one had changed the price of gambling in 50 years in spite of the increase of cost of running the business. But we thought it was time to take another look at it. It involved changing the location of the equipment on the floor. Primary locations, we put higher yielding equipment. Secondary locations, we put in lower yielding destination things. We took the crap table from in front of the elevator put it over on the side, we put higher yield games. We took 50% of our blackjack and went 6 to 5 on blackjack instead of 3 to 2. We went to double odds instead of a higher multiple of odds, unless someone was playing in a high limit game. We took away the casino block from the hotel and instead of the casino out in the block, they had to good back. The hotel had the block to sell for cash and the casino had to ask for the rooms. We stopped giving discounts in craps and blackjack or any other exceptional promotional allowances. We changed the criteria from average bet and linked the play in all those traditional metrics that casino marketing people for decades have -- half a century have run hotels and we went to EBITDA per foot with a cold blooded attitude that promotional allowances would only be issued on current play, not on what you did last trip or the trip before, but what was your activity now. And we told our customers, look, if you want to say you will be treated like a prince, just give us your credit card. We treat everybody that way. But if you expect to get free room, free food or any of those things, we're just a business and it's based upon if you gamble at a level that's acceptable well then of course we won't charge you for your dinner or your hotel room. But if you don't, don't expect us to give it away free. Now that's a soft way of putting it, but I assure you that the applications hurt as hard as a diamond. We don't [con] people that don't play, period. And therefore, our margin on table games, which historically has been below 20 in this city, it's 50. We had the same margin with table games virtually now as you do with slot machines and our rooms. So maybe we have a little less business, but we sent a lot of non-productive customers over to our neighbors. And because we love our customers, we send them over to our neighbor in a Rolls Royce.
Stephen Wynn: So if you're going to ask us what effect did the tragedy at Mandalay have on us, none that, we can measure.
Stephen Wynn: I just said for example we closed the Macau the original 600 room tower for a period, you go ahead Ian.
Stephen Wynn: We had a program for training our employees for two years; room service, housekeeping, audio-visual people that go and fix the TV or touch screen. They've all been trained for two years. They inspect the rooms, they look at the people. We profile everybody. We sniff the baggage in the baggage room. We don't interfere with people that have pull-along luggage when they come in, we just watch them and look at them and think about them. And if there is anything about them that meets our various criteria, they're immediately tagged and followed and observed. We have a whole routine that we do here that's transparent as far as a guest is concerned but highly articulated on our side. Now if you're a bad guy and you were looking at the vulnerability of this hotel, you'd probably spot a lot of the things that we're doing. And that's okay with us. It's all right if they see what we're doing in part. Maybe that's a good thing. But we don't flaunt it, it's just there.
Ian Coughlan: Wynn Macau maintained market share. And if you look at the Peninsula in general, there has been a gravitational pull to Cotai and that has been dropping off while it's been growing as a market. But Wynn Macau continues to do more than a fair market share downtown. It continues to be the market leader. It came off a very, very high comparison with quarter two. But if you look at quarter one, quarter three and four last year and it had good growth. And there have been a lot of discussion about cannibalization of Wynn Macau, and there hasn't been cannibalization. And it's just getting compared to a very, very strong second quarter. If we look at October month-to-date it's bounced right back. So we're very happy with Wynn Macau.
Ian Coughlan: So this is Ian, at Wynn Palace you're seeing the fruits of our labor in terms of the first half of the year. And we were looking to gain momentum particularly in the mass casino and we've done a lot of reworking of services in the mass casino, we've changed a lot of our player programs. We haven't overinvested compared to our competitors, but we've been very focused on service levels and introducing new players. And players get sticky over a couple of visits. It takes times like Chinese New Year to make Golden Week to introduce new players and make them comfortable with the property. And we're seeing the benefits of all that work in the first half of the year. We've also significantly ramped up events at the property. We're holding concerts on a monthly basis and we've introduced at Wynn Macau also. And that brings in a lot of players. We do events for up to 1,000 people and we do a lot of food and beverage events associated with the casino. So it's really, in addition to the market lifting, we're also gaining momentum from the initiatives we put in place. We continue to work on new food and beverage offers. We opened Buns & Bubbles in the late summer which is a mid-entry point offer for families. It's got indoor, outdoor dining space of our retail outlet. So that's proven to be very, very successful. And we have a number of other projects coming up primarily Red 8 which will open -- the new Red 8 in just before Chinese New Year 2018. Some other family section as well, it's a larger restaurant with presentation cooking. The existing Red 8 space will be re-conceptualized of the casino into a café. We also have a fast piece of pasta restaurant coming in our retail arcade. So we're really focusing in the customers that are in the building providing them with more variety in food and beverage experience.
Ian Coughlan: So it had a much bigger impact in Downtown Macau just because of the nature of Downtown Macau being the older part of the city that was less prepared and Cotai features a lot of new properties which didn't have as much damage as Downtown. We had a lot of services that were cut off Downtown. Clearly the focus was on taking care of residents and areas like the hospitals, et cetera, in terms of power supply and water supply. So we were affected Downtown, more off the image of Macau was affected for a period of time and that did affect bookings, we had tour groups that were essentially cut off from Macau for nearly two weeks, so we did see an impact. It's hard to quantify what it means in EBITDA terms but there definitely was a lull probably for two to three weeks.
Ian Coughlan: Well taking mass first, the lift in mass will be in all segments of mass, and as a consequence of the growing market and all the initiatives I described earlier. On the junket side it's kind of a situation where the players within the junkets are demanding to come to Wynn and we're seeing the benefit of that and junket played roles as the property matures and gets older and people become more comfortable with it. Interestingly we had a lot of strong junket interest at Wynn Macau also where we have a couple of new junkets that are interested in joining us and we've got expansion of the existing junkets. So the junket world is very stable, the growth is very measured and we're getting the benefit of it being having two properties that cater to the higher end of the market.
Ian Coughlan: I think everybody has seen [very] measures, as Studio City, if you arrived in the Studio City [indiscernible] that people didn't shift off their investment rights, it's been very steady both Downtown in the Peninsula and in Cotai.
