Stephen Cootey: Thank you very much and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra and myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams from both – our Boston, Las Vegas and Macau properties. Before we get started, I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that, I’m going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Stephen Cootey: And I think from an accounting standpoint, what you’re talking about, Shaun, is, to be clear, Wynn Palace will have 7,000 employees; roughly, 2,000 will come from Wynn Macau. So when you see pre-opening ramping up, that’s the other 5,000 people that are coming on-board right now and came on-board in the second quarter. That’s that $40 million in pre-opening out of the $45 million. It was related to Wynn Palace hires outside of the transfers.
Stephen Cootey: We played lucky in both direct and junket, both sides. They make up that combined number of 3.98% or percentage [ph].
Stephen Cootey: Felicia, I think we always return cash to shareholders and we’ll continue as long as our business remains robust to pay dividends. That’s been our policy from the beginning of this company. And once – as you look at our balance sheet, it becomes quite strong, we expect, over the next 12 months and our capital allocation will be exactly what it’s been.
Stephen Wynn: Ultimately, depending on utilization, it will as it always does. You adjust your workforce based upon the demand that you have from your customers. But that’s something that you see as time goes by, Joe.
Stephen Wynn: Joe, we haven't been formally notified in the manner that the government does such things yet, and I suppose it is possible. What we do in the absence of official notification is we make plans to run at a minimum efficiently; and then, if demand calls for it and the government decides that it’s a good idea, then we respond when they give us the tables. But they don't tell us, in advance, about such things. And so, the best thing for us to do is not to plan for it.
Stephen Wynn: Let me clarify that. We were carrying $20 million to $25 million a quarter of extra payroll in the Peninsula operation for Macau. All of those people are being transferred, as we speak, and they are employed at the current table limit level. The extra tables, were we to get them, would have been reflected in new hires which have not taken place. So the people that we said we’re transferring, we are transferring and they are employed.  Does that answer your question? I want to make sure I’m responding properly.
Stephen Wynn: We did. I did to the extent – I think we played lucky almost exactly to the extent of the extra payroll we were carrying. So what I’m saying is the $20 million increase is real.
Stephen Wynn: Generally, what is relevant to this conversation is that we have three or four very priced junket operators, who consistently produce for us and produce profitable business for us compared to any other equipment in the building. And they’re going to be both – they’re all established with proper tables in both Cotai and in the Peninsula, in August, at the opening regardless of anything that we’ve discussed so far. But we also run our own program, very much like we do in Las Vegas, where we give credit to people in Hong Kong where we’re permitted to do so. And those numbers jump up and down depending on who shows up. To give you an example, in the last week in Las Vegas, in five days, we won $22 million in our own program in baccarat from a handful of customers. So we get this – we benefit from having an extremely loyal, high-end group of customers that come to us in a number of ways, some through junkets in China and some in our own programs here. And they vary – the volatility or the attendance of such clientele varies unpredictably from month to month and week to week. So the reason we don't discuss it is because it would be irrelevant. It’s not instructive and it’s unpredictable.
Stephen Wynn: Which is why we don't give guidance on it because we really don't know what to say other than what I've just told you.
Stephen Wynn: 60 or so in both hotels in the junkets and VIP. And the rest are in mass. So the mass floor is unaffected.
Stephen Wynn: Well, that’s the good news. The shift is irrelevant because the tables that are left at Wynn Las Vegas are the ones that – and in Encore are the ones that were making the money. We’re not touching the mass floor. That’s the point. We had an enormous amount of tables that were idle with payroll in anticipation of the shift to the other place. So, in one way, it’s fortuitous that we’re not affecting our premium mass capacity or potential in terms of tables at Wynn Macau and Encore Macau. The adjustment was made in the junkets and sending out the junket operators and the tables they allocated to them. Our mass floor doesn't change. Our premium mass floor doesn't change in either place.
Stephen Wynn: And, Jon, on all three months – April, May, and June – we were up in the mass segment year-over-year.
Stephen Wynn: We’re in construction, Felicia, and we have been for several weeks on our Wynn Plaza shopping center on the Strip, on the sidewalk on the Strip between Wynn and Encore. So we’re very happy with that and the leasing is proceeding and that project is underway and will finish next year.
Stephen Wynn: The first phase goes around two sides of our property and has its first stop right in the middle of the lake by our gondola station. That’s the first stop from the ferry terminal. And it goes around the north and the west side of our property and stops right smack in the middle next to our gondola station. No exit there, of course. We did it deliberately. And then that gondola station feeds the MGM which is coming along in a few months. It feeds Parisian. It feeds the City of Dreams and Wynn, the Palace. So I like the interaction of the infrastructure as it comes on-board and it sort of matches and enhances the performance of the buildings and the projects that have been built. That’s how I look at it, anyway. It’s just sort of a – but I tend to be a longer-range looker at these things than quarter-to-quarter, but that’s my job here. So I’m feeling good about it. I love our position in Macau. That concession was one of the most remarkable benefits ever bestowed on companies. Those of us who are privileged to have such privileges in the SAR are very lucky. The amount of money we’ve been able to make and the opportunity to create these places has been fabulous.
Stephen Wynn: I think we’re at 70% occupancy already and we’ve only had the booking machine turned on for a matter of days.
Stephen Wynn: The slot machines are very much like the tables. There are very big slot players in China. And in our particular case, when they show up, it gets very exciting. When they don't, it’s a little bit more subdued.
Stephen Wynn: I want to say something to Robin. Robin, there's 465 agencies in government and there's 4.15 million federal employees. 1.5 million are in uniform. 2.65 million of them are civilians covered by the SCI Union and the Civil Service Act. If you want to make government more efficient, you’ve got to have a big idea that resonates with all of the government employees, all 2.65 million of them and 460 agencies and it is going to have to be the kind of big idea that we used to run businesses, which is namely to reinforce positively the behavior that we wish to encourage. And that can be done with tax policy and with employment techniques in the federal government that works so well in the private sector. If we told everybody in those 465 agencies, you ran the business for X amount of dollars last year. If you maintain service levels and you can save a dollar, we will distribute $0.20 on every dollar you save to those of you in those departments, you’d see the government contract in terms of its cost of operation overnight. But you’d have to incentivize the people in those 2.65 million employees the way we incentivize people in the private sector and gain efficiency and better functionality. But those big ideas don't seem to apply in Washington. Enough of the speech. Go ahead with the questions.
Stephen Wynn: Bob and I will do that together and I’ll lead. That building in Massachusetts is the Wynn in every sense of the word – the rooms, the suites, the service, the food, the beverage, the public entertainment, the theatrical entertainment is everything that we do here. We’re bringing a five-star, frontline, integrated resort right into the center of Massachusetts. We're the largest private investment in the history of that commonwealth and we are the second biggest employer except for the hospitals in the commonwealth. And it’s going to be a doozy. And it’ll deal to the same level of the market that we are dealing here. Bob DeSalvio, we’re very lucky to get him come join us. I was with him this week on the East Coast in Pennsylvania. And, Bob, you can pick it up from there.
Stephen Wynn: And we are the largest hotel in the metropolitan area in terms of total rooms – the biggest rooms in the East Coast, the largest room outside of Las Vegas in the United States of America in terms of footage and decor and the most amount of rooms in Central Massachusetts. 12 minutes from Logan airport. The first hotel we’ve ever had that had non-stop service from China. No Gulfstreams needed. I’m sorry [indiscernible].
Stephen Wynn: Well, we do. And it’s what I led the conference call with. Gaming hasn't changed the price of gambling in 70 years, and yet our cost of operating these places has climbed steadily over that period. And the mentality of the marketing people and the gaming people to deal directly with that sector of the business has been trained, has been grown and matured with a focus on the top line – the average bet, the length of play, how often does the customer come, what is our chance of winning X dollars – and then let's get that customer, give him a room, pay for his airfare, send a limousine, give him a bottle of Lafite Rothschild, do anything, give him a shopping spree. These are the earmarks of the superficial thought that has guided casino management for decades when it should have been focused on what is the profitability of every table and every customer. Now, I’m not suggesting that they don't have profitability meetings and reviews at these various enterprises, but I’m in a position to say that any examination by any financial person in or out of the industry will reveal that the profit margins of table games in the gaming industry in the United States of America stinks, lousy, less than 20%. Now, these businesses end up with margins close to 30% because they have slot machines and rooms and bars and nightclubs. But the forgotten sector has been profitability of table games.  We decided to take another look at that a year ago. I remember exactly, it was at the end of the second quarter and I went after it the first week of July and started moving furniture and changing rules in collaboration with my colleagues, like Maurice Wooden, who happens to be on vacation in Hawaii this week, Matt Maddox, Linda Chen, Ian Coughlan, Gamal Aziz, Steve Cootey – my Chief Financial Officer – and everybody in China. And we decided that there had to be a better way to do this. You say it’s tough to model table games. You, I don't know how you do your model. But if you do a deep dive in companies like the ones that line the Strip in Las Vegas, the regional casinos, and take a look at the profitability of table games, that model is shaky. We've changed that here. We don't care about the drop. We don't care about that. We care about the profitability of every foot in the casino. We take a very merchandising retail approach to the floor.  Incidentally, I think Sheldon has done that in China when he opened up years ago. It’s harder to do it when you’re not living in an avalanche of revenue the way we did when casinos first started in Macau. In a day-to-day disciplined grind of normal operation, it requires re-educating all of the marketing and casino personnel to look at the customers differently. We don't even issue promotional allowances or comps based upon past performance. We do it on current business activity. That is to say, if you play this trip at a certain level, we will give you free meals or free rooms. But if you played that way last year and you show up this week, we are waiting to see what happens this week. That’s a big change in the way they though in this business and it requires a lot of discipline and, frankly, re-education of the people that work in the casinos. It took us months to get to where we wanted to be in Las Vegas. But, imagine, we were able to overcome a loss of $50 million or $80 million in baccarat drop to make the same money or more in Las Vegas. That’s hard to do. But, now, when someone plays, it’s a business. It’s a business. Otherwise, we sell the rooms to cash customers and we reallocate the space in our building. The business model is constantly morphing and changing. And is it not doing so in every business in the world? And the prize goes to who’s agile. We’re trying, we’re trying. We are, so to speak, in a commercial sense, constantly in a yoga class. So factor that into your modeling, maybe you'll be able to follow us soon.
Stephen Wynn: Thank you, everybody, for paying attention today and giving us your time. Looking forward to sharing the results of all these exciting new projects as we go forward. Bye-bye.
Ian Coughlan: We haven't altered our commission structure. It remains the same. We’re very parsimonious. I’m not sure what’s being referred to.
Ian Coughlan: Sure. What we’ve seen in premium mass at Wynn Macau, specifically, is very sticky customers. And we’ve been allowed, over the last 18 months, to grow the mid-tier premium mass. We’ve cultivated a lot of new players. It’s been very strong for us. We’ve allocated more tables to premium mass and it suits the property. So they’re our type of customers. It’s been running very well. And we’re very confident about premium mass at Wynn Palace. We have the product to support it and we’ve built the place for our premium mass and Wynn Macau is no different. So we are seeing, finally, a return of some of the higher-end premium mass players. We’ve seen that particularly over the last eight weeks. So it’s strong, it’s steady, it’s stable, and we’re looking forward to Wynn Palace and Cotai being a different market with lots of premium mass there to harvest.
Ian Coughlan: June 21, Steve, we’ve started online sales and taken reservations. And we’ve had a strong demand basically and our rate is at a premium on both the gaming and the non-gaming. So we're looking very, very strong for the first five weeks prior to Golden Week and then we go up from there into the 80s.
Ian Coughlan: Just the movement of big players. They can affect the month and they can affect the quarter. So the previous quarter was excellent, so they’ll be coming back.
