Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. I'll run through some additional point on the quarter. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered $386.5 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $1.25 billion of operating revenues. As Matt noted, the quarter was characterized by continued choppiness in VIP and premium mass, offset by meaningful growth in main floor core mass with combined property win in that core mass segment, up 13.1% year-over-year. March was particularly strong with Palace experiencing its best month ever in mass drop, mass win and EBITDA. Our results in Macau were positively impacted by VIP hold, increasing EBITDA at Wynn Palace by approximately $25 million from a normalized level. Bad debt expense in Macau was $1.8 million in the quarter compared to $300,000 in the prior year. Our Las Vegas operations delivered $108.3 million of adjusted property EBITDA in the quarter on net revenues of $401 million with year-over-year growth in non-Baccarat table drop and spot volumes. As discussed on our fourth quarter 2018 call, a large group shift from Q1 to Q2 this year negatively impacted RevPAR growth and food and beverage revenues in the quarter. We expect offsetting outperformance in RevPAR in the second quarter. Consistent with the broader Las Vegas market and our commentary on the fourth quarter call, Baccarat volumes declined year-over-year and such declines were the primary driver of the year-over-year EBITDA increase. The property held high, adding a little over $5 million to EBITDA. Bad debt expense in Las Vegas was $3.6 million compared to 400,000 in the prior year quarter. Compared to the prior year quarter, EBITDA margin in Las Vegas was negatively impacted by the swing in bad debt and operating deleverage from baccarat. We spent $48.8 million in CapEx on the additional group space at Wynn Las Vegas, taking our spend to-date to $181.5 million. In Boston, we incurred $233.4 million in total project costs during the quarter, taking the total spend to-date to $2.26 billion. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.2 billion, and total cash and investments of $1.8 billion, including approximately $900 million at Wynn Macau. During the first quarter, we returned approximately $81 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend payment. And today, we're pleased to announce $0.25 or 33% increase to that recurring quarterly dividend. Our recurring dividend is now one dollar per share, returning over $100 million per quarter to our shareholders. Consistent with our sharp focus on capital allocation, we will continually evaluate periodic increases to our dividend, as well as opportunistic share repurchases as valuation and broader capital allocation priorities warrant. With that, operator, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Craig Billings: I would that the trends that occurred in Q1 market wide really have continued into Q2 through May. It's a very core mass serving growth market. And we don’t -- we skew towards the premium end that's truly math as well. So to the extent that there is outsized growth in core mass, we will benefit from that, partially but clearly not as much as the market, because there are others in the market who directly cater to that segment.
Craig Billings: Yes. I think it's a fair assessment to say that not only do our properties tend to run very high service levels early on and account for some given level of attrition but regional properties, as you know, tend to ramp much more slowly from a marketing perspective. So, we haven’t given any specific numbers or any specific margin expectations yet. But certainly, we would expect that property to ramp up over the course of ‘19 and all the way through ‘20.
Craig Billings: Sure, Stephen. Well, subsequent to the opening of Boston, we will have some trailing CapEx, right, as we pay up the remaining construction cost; those get accrued and then obviously paid throughout the remainder of ‘19. And then, we are working on the additional group and convention space out back in Las Vegas as well, that opens in early 2020. So, really, 2020 is the inflection point that you talk about. It’s rapidly approaching, as you note, and capital return is absolutely top of mind for us. The recurring dividend is really the cornerstone of our capital return policy. And I think you saw we raised that 33% today really as an indicator of our belief in our business and our belief in that cash flow inflection point. As we grow and generate additional free cash flow, we’ll carefully prioritize that between immediately available growth opportunities, most notably the Crystal Pavilion, capital return and then the maintenance of some dry powder for future opportunities, whether Japan or otherwise. And then, of course with respect to share repurchases, we will always be opportunistic with share repurchases but that's really valuation dependent on the stock.
Matt Maddox: When we are looking, it's always hard to predict exactly what's going to happen in Macau. But we do believe with our product that we will be able to stay within that market share range of -- it's a lower end of it, of 15% to 17%. As you know, our competition has been ramping-up. MGM just opened The Mansion, which is quite nice product, Morpheus is ramping up. So Cotai is a really competitive place. But we feel like Wynn Palace is perfectly positioned to continue to maintain its share, and Wynn Macau is really about 2020.
Matt Maddox: I think anytime there is uncertainty in the world, all of us feel a little bit nervous, whether it's you sitting in your office at Deutsche Bank, me in Las Vegas, or someone in Shanghai. That's just a natural human reaction. I can't say that there is clear data pointing to slowdown and we're looking forward to moving forward.
Matt Maddox: On the M&A front, so Joe as I laid out in my opening remarks, our growth pipeline is quite robust. And the large capital spend is now behind us after a multiyear capital development program as we're about to open Encore Boston Harbor and really become -- really start generating lots of free cash flow, which is one of the reasons that we raised our dividend by 33% this year. When it comes to M&A, we will always be looking for opportunities for assets that are tier 1 first class assets with licenses that are protected in cities that are global destinations. So while we are not pursuing any acquisitions at this stage, we will along with all of our competitors, I'm sure, be looking at opportunities that you can't replicate through development. We are a development company at heart. We're focused on new projects. But we will continually look to enhance shareholder value without increasing our leverage profile and without hurting our free cash flow story.
Matt Maddox: That's exactly right. So premium, we definitely lost some share in premium mass and the premium mass business around town was down. Core mass, which is we define it by geography and by average bet, core mass is up over 13% but that was not enough for us to keep up our share in the market. I think our -- Wynn was up roughly 3% sequentially, and that was that that was less than the market. And that's because we're more reliant on the premium segment. But our strategy is working and it shows that Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau can really compete in any markets. And Felicia, you've been watching this for a long time. People get really focused on core mass, because that business is always there. Premium and VIP get compressed temporarily, and then the growth happens. So I don't know how long that that area is going to be compressed, but what I do know is the demand is still there. And so we feel very comfortable that when that business begins to come back, we're going to be perfectly situated to capture it.
Matt Maddox: Well, I don’t think you should look into the performance in the quarter at all. I've just noticed some of our competitors another people tend to be commenting a lot on these emerging markets, in particular in Asia and that they could have an impact on the large global gaming jurisdictions. And I just don't believe that Macau and Las Vega are going to be cannibalized by those small tertiary jurisdictions that are emerging. In the short-term, they could. We're not seeing that right now. But over the longer term, people always go back to the places that they enjoy the most. And so I wasn’t addressing that relative to this quarter, I was just addressing it relative to what we're seeing in the market and what we believe will be the long-term success of Macau and Las Vegas.
Matt Maddox: The construction is almost essentially complete. The building looks like it is in great shape. Staffing, we have 90% of the people either onboard or within offer. So, we are in line to -- and on time to complete almost everything we need to have a great opening. I don't know if the opening date will be June 23rd or a week or two later because we're going to make sure that it's flawless. And clearly, the regulatory complexity we've been through has been a challenge. And so, we are now doubling back. And the team we have on the ground there is terrific. We are ready to open. We may give our self another week, we may not, but the property looks great.
Matt Maddox: So, we’re working on that now, Harry. We are going to have a reveal of the Crystal Pavilion in a pretty public way. I'm not sure if it will be through an Analyst Day or something else down the road. We're finalizing a lot of the different features I think that you are going to find them very interesting. It will be in the next couple of months that we’ll be laying out this program.
Matt Maddox: I don’t think that's the case at all. And I think when new -- people will say that because they are marketing their properties in these jurisdictions. But the fact is, often times in places open, they offer bigger commissions, more liquidity, larger credit lines, and that's typically very temporary.
Matt Maddox: We are. We will actually be making a trip there next week. And so, we have a team on the ground. We have a team here in the United States that's focused on Japan. We're building quietly our relationships with potential partners over there. And we're focused on various jurisdictions in Japan. So, we're looking at this over the long term. And we will be continuing to monitor the situation and participate where we see fit.
Matt Maddox: I hate to lay out our strategy for everybody, David. But, I'll tell you what we're not going to do. We're not going to go into the value business. We are high-end operators, we're quality operators and we will be looking at quality assets around the world. We're not regional gaming operators. So, that's not an area where we're going to be branching out in a significant way, given there will likely be lots of regional gaming properties for sale. So, we're focused on where the growth is happening globally. We believe that Asia will continue to grow faster than the West. And if there are opportunities in those areas where we believe it fits with our profile and it will be accretive and it will be able to capture long-term growth for our Company and our shareholders, we will take a look at it. But we do not have anything right now that we're focused on.
Matt Maddox: Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you, operator.
Marilyn Spiegel: There's really no structural change here that would impact these players. So it's all the global headwinds. And I think that hopefully that these players will be back if that's what the past has been.
Marilyn Spiegel: So, the key has really been to take a look at our casino block and to grow that and to invite the folks who come to town, who didn't use to stay with us to experience the hotel and our food and beverage offerings, and it's been well received. So, we've seen very nice growth in the casino block as it relates to the past.
Marilyn Spiegel: When you think about the parking fees, although if you came here and you spent $50, you had a validation, it was frankly an irritant to those folks who would drive into the parking garage and frankly most people who come here do spend more than $50, but why upset them. And so, we did that. It also helps us with our high end local customers. It's been so well received, we're very pleased that we've moved forward on it.
Ian Coughlan: We go through this after 12 years in Macau, we get these periods of sporadic volatility, VIP Wynn's, for a variety of reasons. And then it ticks back up. People always gravitate to quality. We're always there to pick it up when it comes back. So we stayed in the junket game when other people backed out. We made hay while the sunshine. Now, there's pressure on commissions and incentives. We're going to remain true to what we've always done, and people will come back. In the meantime, we grow premium mass and general mass.
Ian Coughlan: There hasn't been significant noise disruption that was all dealt with in the early stages. We have anywhere from 80 to a 100 rooms out at any given time in Encore, and we're getting them back progressively. And there is the hoarding wall effect when you wall up areas to do work, that does affect the energy of the space. It has affected retail a little bit as we brought in new brands. But in general terms, there's not a number to put to it and it's not significant. And we're looking forward to getting it complete at the end of the year.
Ian Coughlan: So, that's correct. We've been able to gainfully shift rooms from the junket allocations, this business is weighing over to our mass segment. And ADTs on the way up, we're putting better customers in those rooms. So, the comp level ratios are similar to what they've been in the past, around 80% for Wynn Palace and 94% for Wynn Macau.
