Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody we will be making forward-looking statements on this call, and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve for some opening remarks.
Matt Maddox: Yes, I don't think there's anything interesting going on between January, February and March in terms of turnover. What we're seeing all the way up until today is volumes are up over last year in Macau on the VIP side. The market's still very robust.
Matt Maddox: So Shaun, Shaun, the answer is if you look on the income statement in the press release, you'll see that bad debt expense was up $8 million. And that was all in Macau. It's -- what we said is we had a few large accounts that went past 150 days. We have a very conservative accounting policy. That is 150 days. We're fully reserved. And so we had a few large accounts go over 150 days. Our bad debt provision went up. We're 55% reserved in Macau right now, and our collections in the second quarter have continued to be very stable and normal.
Matt Maddox: It's probably -- we're always conservative, so it'll be between 25% to 40% in equity and the rest will be financing that we'll start working on this year. We're only 2x levered right now on a net basis, so we're in a great position to put in a good financing package down at Cotai to make sure we have a lot of flexibility.
Stephen A. Wynn: Hello. We usually try and keep this short. Our business in Macau was fine. We haven't felt any terrible impact from competition. Our hold percentage on a comparative basis was a little lower. I think everybody knows that both in the United States and in Macau we get very high play. And so we experienced volatility probably on a little wider or larger scale than others. Sometimes that volatility works against us in short-term comparisons, and sometimes it works in favor of us. If we were to normalize hold percentage, we would have had another $15 million or $18 million in Macau in EBITDA in this first 90-day period. And if -- and in the United States especially, we experienced a premium hold position. As a matter fact, last year, in the first quarter was the largest hold percentage I ever heard in a legalized casino. It was 31%. So the comparatives -- comparative metrics look strange. But at the end of the day, in our business, short-term comparisons are -- in a volatile kind of casino are not really instructive. At the end of the day, it usually ends up, for us, in a normal range. So with that in mind, that sort of covers the numbers that we published in terms of EBITDA for the first quarter. I think everybody knows that we were finally given the green light on our concession, in the land concession, which will lead to imminent groundbreaking in the next few weeks. I'm finishing my negotiations with 1 of 2 major builders that can do the job in China. It's a very big job, so I'm taking my time in the final negotiations of the building contract because there's a chance to be a good shopper, so to speak. There's no new news on Okada legislation, or Okada legal issues, that we have to report. And I think this probably generally covers what I think is important today, and we can move on now to questions.
Stephen A. Wynn: Next time, maybe you'll give me a multiple choice, but, a, timetable. I believe that we will be 36 to 42 months -- 3.5 years, 42 to 46 months in that range for this job in Cotai, number one. Number two, with regard to that structure, we have spent 28 intense months. My design partner, DeRuyter Butler, and Roger Thomas and I, I think the 3 of us have probably done more of these than anybody else, but this is the work of our lifetime, 28 months every week to try and make this hotel in Cotai show the public in Asia and around the world something new. And I -- hopefully, we've achieved that. We've certainly taken enough time and drawn on every spec and every drop of experience that we've had. We've had the benefit of watching our competitors upgrade and improve their designs and presentations to the benefit of Macau, the Venetians, work at Four Seasons and at the Venetian. Certainly, the Galaxy group and the fellows at Melco have all gone to their strong game, and we've had the benefit of seeing all that, coupling it with our own experience and creative resources, and we're going to respond in a very strong way with these 2,000 rooms that we're building on the Cotai land. The property, as you know, is a landfill. So is Wynn in Macau was also -- Wynn Encore was also on a landfill. And we went down for foundations through 60 meters of landfill to get to rock to anchor our current buildings. This time, we're going to go down, in the high-rise portion at least, at the shallowest point of 78 meters and at the deepest point, 92 meters, with caissons that are 3 meters across, 10 feet. It has a lot of deep holes, a lot of concrete and reinforced steel bars. So drying out this land, which was going to drop at 1 meter or 2 in certain parts because it's wet in some places, and getting ready for pilings is going to take us several months. The foundation is the most challenging part of this job. Once we get to driving piles and we get up to grade, the building goes very quickly because it's poured in place concrete and every floor is the same. Even though the podium is very creative and unique and everything in it is unique, getting out of the ground is a trick. After that, it's pretty straightforward and simple, and we take advantage of a lot of economies and speed in China that are really not available in America. It is also true that there's a lot going on in South China, in Macau and Hong Kong in the form of public works and competitive construction. It's a lively part of the world, and there's great things going on. And so labor is an issue. The government is cooperating. They -- the way it works in Macau is the government is thoughtful, and they take thoughtful direction from the central government, I believe, if they think they need it. But the way it works there is that things take a certain amount of time. And then at the end of the period that has just concluded last week, when we got our land concession, the government makes a decision that this project shall now go forward. And when they decide that it shall go forward, then they're cooperative and helpful. That has been our experience exclusively through 2 major construction jobs. And I am confident that, that will be our experience again. If the government doesn't want you to build a building, then they don't give you the concession. When they give you the land concession, that means it's time to go, do a good job and get on with it. And that's what we're about to do. So those are my comments about the Cotai project at the eve of its groundbreaking. And we're going to be going lickety-split to get it done as quick as possible. If along the way we have opportunities to accelerate and foreshorten these periods -- I've been giving you the worst case, and we will. But right now, it looks that way to me. And I'm not yet ready for a final budget on the building we're working on that now, and we'll have that probably by the next quarter that we have one of these phone calls. Joe, you asked me, I think, also about our turn.
Stephen A. Wynn: We have a big -- we had some big days when Sheldon opened up these new hotels. A lot of people came to town because of the excitement associated with the openings.
Stephen A. Wynn: We had some monstrous days. So a bunch of 20s and 30s. It was pretty good. But everybody in town did good if you look at those weekly numbers they publish. We were having these big, big volumes, and we were just under 13% of the market. So it shows you that it's still pretty healthy there by any measure that we can see.
Stephen A. Wynn: Felicia, one moment. Before this call was interrupted technically, a question was asked of Ian Coughlan. And I don't know whether the people on the call heard his answer, but let's repeat that question. It was about...
Stephen A. Wynn: On the labor market and that sort. Ian's answer was that we gave a cost of living, like everyone else did, earlier this year, and a part of that -- to our line employees. Part of that filtered in. And we're 6 years old, and there may be a little bit more in repairs and replacements, but...
Stephen A. Wynn: We didn't see anything abnormal or unusual or -- nor are we feeling the same. And in case we didn't hear Ian's answer, I just repeated it. Now, ma'am, your question.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're a little mystified now. When the phone goes silent, we're a little confused about what's in and what's out. But we want to make sure we're responsive.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. We are, in fact, trying to hold the price. Our occupancy was -- our cash was okay, but our occupancy was low. And that had to do with a decision that we made and that impacted us in January. Okay, Marilyn, you want to address that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. But we've learned to live with a little less occupancy to get the right people. As the boss said, to get the right people in. We don't -- our -- this place isn't set up for people that go to McDonald's and stay in the rooms. It's just not our clientele.
Stephen A. Wynn: I have a number in mind all right. I thought it was little high, so we worked to value-engineer the property. And we have been able to do that, but I haven't confirmed what the revised number is. And I'd hate like heck to give a number on a conference call like this, have it get circulated and then have to back off it. So I think this would be a really good time for us to wait another 90 days and plant our flag on solid ground. Steve, I really think that's the best thing to do. We're adjusting some things in favor of reduced cost, and I'd like to confirm that we've done it and that they've resulted in the savings we expect. Then I'd like to put a number out there.
Stephen A. Wynn: Two things come to mind in my response to you. First of all, we've had 6 years now, 6 full years of experience with the Asian customer. We've also had the benefit of watching the learning curve accelerate for our competitors. And they're very bright people, and if they looked at us and like what we were doing in some respects, they picked up on it. In some cases, they had their own ideas that were developed based upon their experience of these guests, and they've incorporated those things. And they've lifted the game: the customer sensitivity, the guest experience. They've lifted the game above and beyond of what we would find in the United States, except perhaps in our properties, meaning Bellagio or Wynn, the stuff that we've done. I have to say that they've lifted the game. We've taken that into account, and we said to ourselves, "We have to make this hotel on Cotai, in every sense of the word, irresistible to the guests." Now that's an expensive assignment to undertake. And thank goodness, Macau is probably one of the few places in the world today where one could accept the challenge of creating the best, the most irresistible place, dedicate the amount of capital it takes to do that and have it be an intelligent investment. We take Macau to be such a place. I'm sure that Sheldon Adelson found Singapore to be such a place. Asia is where it pays off. Asia is where it's justified. We have this wonderful piece of property that we've been lucky enough to be given a concession to develop. And so for 28 months, in anticipation of this dynamic, my design partner, DeRuyter Butler, and I, in conjunction with Roger Thomas, we've decided that we would take it to another level. And that, meaning that we would take every aspect of this building, from the point of view of the employees, the hotel guests, the restaurateurs, the tourists on the outside, everything, we would take it to another level and make it delicious. Now at some point here, we're going to have to show everybody exactly what that means. And we'll do it with pictures and words prior to the opening of the hotel while it's under construction. And I think the best time to do it with words is when we have the pictures as well. And we'll probably distribute all that in time for our next conference call and show everybody what we're doing. When I -- when we do, I'll be certain that everything is frozen and completely locked in. And it is really in that position already, but I just don't have all the pictures that I'd want to share with you. But we'll also be showing our competitors what we're going to do. And frankly speaking, I'm not in a real hurry to tip them off. There's -- the MGM people have not announced the project yet, and I don't want to show it to them. I'd really love to see them show their hand first, but it probably won't work that way. They'll probably get a peek at what we're doing.
Stephen A. Wynn: SJM is in the same position. And I think that we've -- historically, we've given enough demonstrations to the other guys to last them for a while. And the new stuff, I'd like them to wait and find out. So I'm being a little standoffish about it this time, and I think that's probably a good idea. So I'm not crazy about giving you an idea right now, to be honest. Sorry.
Stephen A. Wynn: Good question. I know that Galaxy started. They're in Phase 2, and that project is under way. So it's another chunk of development, 1.5 million or 2 million feet, I guess, something like that. SJM and -- is certainly in a position to do something, and they will. And I suspect, based upon what Jim Murren says all the time, they will. I have no reason not to believe him, and I'm sure that one way or another, they'll figure out a way of getting the money together. It's going to be a bit expensive. Again, the price of poker's gone up in China. And based upon what we're building, if anybody has any real, strong ideas about the top end of the market, they're going to have to deal with the new hotel that we're going to build. And dealing with that may be a challenge, and we're lucky to have the site that we have. We're very fortunate to be in that position. But the other guys will do something, sooner or later. When the government gives them the final Gazette publication is something that -- is information to which I am not privy. And speaking of someone who's involved in this kind of processes, the government does it when the government's ready to do it. And there are steps in that. They have land contracts, then they have deposits, then they have the Gazette. And there's a sequence that takes place historically, at least in Macau. And maybe you can ask the people at those hotels or those companies where they are in the sequence. I don't know the answer to the question.
Stephen A. Wynn: From a contract through deposit to Gazette publication. So there's a piece of information for you. Does that mean it's 7 months for everybody? Not necessarily. That's up to the government. But just to give you a little indication of how that's worked in the past. And I think those kinds of time frames have been historically consistent, from what I'm told. But again, these are things that are strictly under the control of the government. And maybe those companies themselves have a clearer idea, if they answer honestly and candidly. In many cases, the government prefers that applicants for land concessions not publicize or preempt the government's decision making process, and publicity is restricted and statements are restricted until the government has made its decision. The decision occurs when the Gazette is published. Prior to the Gazette publication, you do not have a concession in Macau. Prior to the publication of a Gazette, you do not have the land concession under any legal interpretation that the government recognizes. And that's important to keep in mind.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we certainly radically, dramatically increased our non-casino revenue profile at Cotai, more like the model of Las Vegas where the non-casino revenue really grows. Now I know it's very hard to create any kind of a casino where non-casino revenue compares to casino revenue in the People's Republic of China and Macau. I mean, our gaming revenue last year was $4.7 billion to $4.8 billion. It was interesting that with all the volatility that's associated with our American operation, the gaming board tells me that our $775 million casino win at Wynn Encore last year was the highest win ever recorded in the history of Nevada's licensed gaming operations. The previous record was $724 million, which incidentally happened to be Wynn in '07. So imagine -- and then we do $800 million or more in non-casino revenue, so we get more non-casino revenue than casino revenue. That's not going to happen in Macau for anybody, ever. What will happen, however, is that a percentage of our total revenue will grow much more in Cotai because of the entertainment, the shopping, the food and beverage and the room component. We are having 2,000 rooms that are, for all intents and purposes, all suites. So I think that we deal to everybody. But some of the promotional allowances given by our competitors, and the giveaways, the freebies, attract the lower end of the market more aggressively than we do. And that's okay. It's not our primary business. But as far as everything above the lowest end of the market, we're in there each and every day. We've got bus programs. We run dozens of buses from the...
Stephen A. Wynn: We have casino promotions. We have the best group of junket operators. We're very aggressive provided that we're left with a bottom line that makes sense. So I think that we're pretty much going to be going forward the way we are now. Also, I think I probably should add that there's a convention going on that's going to be added to the Cotai property that we'll be able to accommodate a convention component that's much more sizable than anything we've anticipated in the past.
Stephen A. Wynn: It isn't rushing forward. There isn't any major development that I can -- that we're aware of. Everybody's sort of kept track of it, of course, but...
Stephen A. Wynn: And others. Leighton and others and a fine firm like Gammon, which is a joint venture with a British company, and Jardine Matheson, old trading company of Hong Kong with a big construction company that builds all over the place in Hong Kong and Macau. Actually, Gammon built The Venetian. So we -- we're dealing with more than one builder.
Stephen A. Wynn: Good question. Our customers seem to be sanguine. And -- but they're poker players. If they have felt any differently, I'm not sure they would share it with us. But they seem to be enjoying their disposable income with the same kind of enthusiasm that they have in the past, if that's the right way of expressing this.
Stephen A. Wynn: That's a good question. We have an enormous amount of capacity. And in terms of -- I think you say Shelly said he wants 20% cash on cash? Oh my God, we invested $1.5 billion in China. We made $1.2 billion last year. Our cash on cash is 80% or something like that. So I think Sheldon has outlined a very intelligent -- made a very intelligent remark. I would subscribe to what he said. We wouldn't do it either unless it was 20% cash on cash. But I think we can handle that number comfortably, building to it once. If -- when Singapore came up, we had to withdraw because we were 8 months away from opening Las Vegas and about 18 months away from opening -- or 15 months away from opening Macau. We had neither hotel. We had $3.7 billion worth of start-up, and we had no cash flow. It was impossible for us to undertake an assignment in Singapore under those circumstances without being deemed to be reckless. And we're conservative, not reckless. However, that has all changed now. We have capacity, we have organization, we have outposts in Asia and in America and the kind of a balance sheet that let us do pretty much -- take advantage of any opportunity that made sense. Could we do 2 at once? Well, now we could because I just finished 28 months of design development. This project now goes into construction mode and the more -- and the wonderful challenges of staffing and other preparatory things of that sort. But in terms of designing another place, I'm ready. DeRuyter Butler, who's sitting next to me, and I could start right away. The Wynn design development team is very busy in executing what we've -- what we're doing now in China. But the first step on another project would be the creation of the concept, and we're ready to do that. So we could handle 2. We could handle another project now, easily and anywhere. You won't see us withdrawing from something that we believe in at this stage of our company. But in 2004 and 2003, we were a much different company. To compare us, for example, to Sheldon Adelson's Sands Corp., his 8- or 9-year head start on us as a company -- remember, the Wynn Resorts didn't exist before 2002. Our current size and everything else about us is only 10 years old. The Singapore business, for example, came when we were almost prenatal. So it's changed now. We're alive and well. We're a jumping teenager. We got our best years in front of us, but it hasn't always been that way. So I subscribe to what Sheldon said as a minimum return, absolutely, and I think we can do better.
