Matt Maddox: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and good morning to people in Asia. I just need to remind everybody that in this conference call some of the things we’ll say are forward-looking statements and they are protected under the Safe Harbor federal securities laws. With that, I’m going to go ahead and turn the call over to Steve Wynn for opening remarks.
Matt Maddox: We did have a higher mix of direct play in the first quarter, and also our non-gaming revenues were up significantly, almost 45%, and we have high margins in particular in retail in that area.
Matt Maddox: If you look at it, it’s very similar to the fourth quarter sequentially. I think it’s a little over $1 million a day run rate versus 990 or so in the fourth quarter. So the team in Macau has done a very good job keeping the operating expenses in line sequentially with where…
Stephen Wynn: Thanks, Matt. The numbers I think speak for themselves. Really very little to add to that, except that the first quarter numbers that we released today do not include any contribution from Wynn Encore in Macau, and which opened a week ago today, and we are looking forward to it contributing to the overall impact of our operation in Macau. I’m also pleased to announce that we have instituted, announced previously, we have instituted our first quarter dividend of $0.25 a quarter, which will be payable to stockholders of record on May 12th and paid down on May 26th. With that, I’ll take questions.
Stephen Wynn: And that comes to an end in four weeks. The new Beach Club, all of the extensive new construction and improvements on the strip at Encore are completed in the last week in May and we open up with bang on May 28th with the Encore Beach Club, with the new nightclub Surrender, and the revised Cafe Society and the Switch quite a bit, and the new entrance plaza, quite a bit of upgrade on the north end of the strip, on the north end of our property that I believe is going to have a significant effect on walk-in. The last part of the question that I’m going to answer is Cotai. The table caps expire in 2013. We believe that Macau Encore is the loveliest urban hotel in the world. And for people who think that that’s an exaggeration, then it’s very simple to make your own comparisons on pretty much any standard that you like. But it is an urban hotel, much in the same way that the Waldorf Astoria or the Ritz in Paris or the Peninsula in Hong Kong are urban hotels. The hotels that are built on Cotai are pretty much urban as well, because they’re built right up to the curb, they’re mostly steel and concrete. What I believe is missing from Cotai is a legitimate destination resort that has the one thing in China that is so scarce, and that is space. So I want to build a hotel in Cotai and I have designed one that makes use in our 51 acre parcel of extended space of water and gardens, no matter where you are in the building. And that creates an emotional involvement by the guest at a level that cannot be achieved in a city. It just cannot. That issue of extended space, of natural light, of water and planting has an effect on human beings that is sort of hard to explain unless you’re in the space itself. But that’s the difference between a lovely hotel and a destination resort. So, we’re going to build on Cotai, if we’re encouraged to do so, and I believe we will be encouraged to do so at least at this point I believe that. We will build a destination resort, and that will complement the other things that we’ve built in Macau up till now. But that wouldn’t open until 2014.
Stephen Wynn: We don’t think that economic disruption is behind us. We think the deficits have potential for enormous negative impact in the United States. So we are playing it safe like we always do in this company.
Stephen Wynn: Well, your observation is very insightful. At the time although everybody had good jobs in Macau, their living standard was not going up proportionally, because rents for their homes had increased disproportionately more rapidly than their income and it caused me 1.5 year or so ago to give my line employees a 10% cost of living increase in their wages. So that the wonderful people that work for me wouldn’t have lesser of a life. That was at a time when some of my competitors were cutting back from 48 to 40 weeks, and cutting out the 13th month in order to save money. We kept the 48 hours, we kept the 13th month because it was more important to us to have a satisfied and stable workforce than it was to have an extra $23 million or $24 million. And as we go forward in Cotai, we work very closely with the government, which is very interested in low-cost housing to cooperate with them in any way that we can. I know that the government has plenty of money to deal with this problem in Macau and I know that it is on the front of the focus of Secretary Tam, and Chief Executive Officer Choi as well. So I think that the government has land for this on Coloane, and I believe that they’re going to take advantage of it. And we as you know participate in infrastructure contributions and other types of voluntary contributions for 4% of our revenue every month. And that number is quite substantial if you take the Casino Wynn and calculate it yourself, you’ll see that a lot of money besides the gaming tax itself, which is really an income tax, is in play. So, I think that you will see activity in that, and will it tie up construction. There’s a lot of capacity in South China for construction, Tom. And I think that any projects that will come on stream, remember the government is limiting the amount of construction and is limiting the licenses. They’ve created an oligarchic monopolistic kind of situation there, thank goodness to our benefit along with the other folks that are there now. And there is no plan to expand that so I think that construction is going to be done at a slower pace in the resort industry as a result of the government action. And so, the private sector, the public sector will pick up the activity.
Stephen Wynn: We shouldn’t make too much of me being spotted as you put it around the country. My team and I were curious having never visited the regional casinos from America. We decided that it was quite appropriate for us to take three or four days and go look at what was being done in the hope so we might learn something. And in fact we did. We spotted a few casinos that were really beautifully done. One in particular was the River City Casino owned by Pinnacle Company in St. Louis, a beautiful job done by [Todd Lenahan] who is one of the designers that works for us. So, we saw some nice things and we were just curious, and our visit to these places was just as detached and objective as I’ve just said it. You should read absolutely nothing into it. Being spotted doesn’t mean any thing’s afoot. There is no agenda here. Our next project will undoubtedly be in China, unless we get involved in Massachusetts. The deal in Philadelphia, as we said in our public statement, which I thought was although concise, was very accurate, that we were encouraged by the institution of table game gaming at a 14% tax rate, still a little tough for the slot machine tax rate. But the gaming opportunities in Pennsylvania were interesting and stimulating. But the particular deal we were in, a deal in which we were a participant in someone else’s company. We had never done that before, became unattractive to us at the last minute. And it was the deal itself that caused us to back out. We backed out of a deal more than we backed out of Pennsylvania. And it was that simple. Great people, good friends, but when it was all said and done, the stars didn’t line up for us. And that’s what happens sometimes. You go into deals. You probe and you start to negotiate, and then at some point when you add everything up, you back out, and we did in this particular case.
Stephen Wynn: I think the numbers speak for themselves, Robin. They are right there in front of you and I think you can calculate the percentages. I don’t have any color to add to it actually.
Stephen Wynn: I think there is one another point that Linda and I have discussed that’s worth sharing with all the people on the conference call. The goal of broadening and bringing in new concessions in Macau in 2002 was to broaden the appeal of Macau in the Pacific Rim and around the rest of the world to bring new customers, not just baccarat players into the marketplace. And it is fascinating to see exactly how that process works. So I’m going to explain it with regard to Encore. Macau has junket operators that have a budget that we give them a fixed amount of money to pay for their complementaries for their customers in their rooms, unlike the Las Vegas method which just sort of pays for the rooms. There the house pays for the rooms. Now when we built the Wynn Hotel in Macau, we did what a normal hotel operator does. We built a very commodious large generous typical room at 626 square feet. That’s bigger than Bellagio and the same as Wynn America. And then we built extravagant suites starting at 1,800 feet and going up to 3,000. And those rooms were priced at 200 odd dollars, and the suites well above $1,000 as you would expect in any hotel operation including Shanghai and Hong Kong and Tokyo. And that’s what we did as hoteliers. In the hospitality business, it was very, very normal, right up the middle. The junket operators came to us, they came to Linda actually and said just a minute, that’s not what we need. The typical room is beautiful, but it’s not sexy enough for a gambler, and the suites are too expensive for us to waste all of our money at $1,500 or $1,200 a night. What we want is a very theatrical and beautiful room that we can buy for under $400, preferably at $350. Well, there was no such product. And all of a sudden the pressures exerted by gambling interests caused us to create a product an 1,100 square foot suite. We went and did it, and that is Encore. Now what we have done is built a room that is at $350 the most incredible piece of hospitality real estate in the world. And it has an enormous appeal to everybody, especially non-gambling people, because it represents the greatest bargain in the world. So now here’s Macau, creating a product from its organic gambling roots that now changes the city and the market to be more appealing, more broad-based in its attractiveness to everybody. How interesting unintended consequences are or maybe they are intended, but here is a product that was engendered by gaming requests that becomes a non-gaming plus for the city. The most lovely room in the world at a price that is almost half of what a regular room at the Peninsula costs, which would be less than half its size. Interesting how things work. I call that, and I’ve made this point to the government, organic growth. That is not the same thing as trying to pick up Las Vegas and drop it on Macau that will never work. One is China, one is the United States, and China is China is China, and in relationships with the people of that country, in relationships with your employees, you must not forget that it is not Las Vegas, it is not America. And so dropping Las Vegas strip into Macau was always an idea that did not respect the basic fundamental notion of Macau. And so we try in our observation of the people, what we’ve learned since ‘06. We could never have built Encore Wynn in ‘06. We did not have the hands-on experience with the customers. We learned from our customers, as all good businesses do, we learned from our customers and our employees, how to better run our business. And so what we have in Encore Macau is an organic product that grows in Macau out of the soil of Macau’s own beginnings. And I’m glad that that question was asked Robin, because it gives us a chance to clarify what we’ve done. And I hope that adds some color to your question.
Stephen Wynn: We’re going to include new headquarters in the Cotai project, and I intend to begin the process by switching my own schedule and some of Matt’s, my CFO’s schedule in the almost immediate future. It really at first amounts to really an allocation of our time and our focus. I don’t intend to uproot everybody that works for me and move them to Macau. I mean, we’ve got people with lives and homes and stuff. But it is appropriate I think for us to spend more time and have more focus in Macau. We have a public company there for which we are responsible to the Hong Kong Exchange and to Chinese institutional investors, and we take that very seriously, and I want to make sure that our activities at the high end of the company and the parent company reflect respect for that position.
