Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings; and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $230.3 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $628.7 million of operating revenue during the quarter, delivering an EBITDA margin of 36.6%. Lower than normal table games hold negatively impacted EBITDA by around $5 million in Q2. OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day was $4.2 million in Q2 compared to $3.7 million in the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to union-related payroll increases, along with higher variable costs due to increased volumes across the business. Turning to Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDA of $62.1 million on revenue of $212.6 million with an EBITDA margin of 29.2%. As Craig alluded to, our table game hold was below normal during the quarter. And if we normalize hold in both periods, EBITDA would have increased approximately 2% year-on-year. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day of $1.15 million, flat year-on-year and down sequentially. The team has done a great job mitigating union-related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $280.4 million in the quarter on $885.3 million of operating revenue, hold was a mixed bag in the quarter as higher than normal hold at Palace was more than offset by lower than normal hold at -- Wynn Macau, particularly in our mass table business. All in, we estimate hold negatively impacted EBITDA, the combined properties by around $3 million during the quarter. EBITDA margin was 31.7% in the quarter, an increase of 250 basis points, relative to Q2 2019. Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.5 million per day in Q2, a decrease of 19% compared to $3.2 million in Q2 2019, and down 3% on a sequential basis. The team has done a great job of staying disciplined on costs, and we remain well-positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the market continues to recover. In terms of CapEx in Macau, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on several of our concession commitments. And as we noted, the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx outcomes in the near-term. As such, we continue to expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $350 million and $500 million in total, between 2024 and the end of 2025. Moving on to the balance sheet, our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of over $3.9 billion as of June 30th. This was comprised of $2.2 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau, and $1.7 billion in the US. During the quarter, we continued to reduce gross debt, repaying approximately $170 million on our bank facilities, and we have now reduced companywide gross debt by more than $1.1 billion over the past year. The combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally, with our properties generating nearly $2.4 billion of trailing 12 month property EBITDA. Together with our robust cash position creates a very healthy consolidated net leverage ratio of just over four times. Our strong free cash flow and liquidity profile allows us to reduce leverage while returning capital to shareholders in both the US and Macau. To that end, the Wynn Resorts Board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share, payable on August 30, 2024, to stockholders of record as of August 19, 2024. We also opportunistically repurchased approximately 741,000 shares for $68 million during the quarter. Similarly, in June, Wynn Macau paid a dividend of $0.075 cents per share or US$50 million, highlighting our commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $94 million, primarily related to the villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas, concession related CapEx in Macau, and normal course maintenance across the business. Additionally, as Craig noted, we contributed $356.5 million of equity to the Wynn Al Marjan Island project during the quarter, bringing our total equity contribution to date to $514.4 million, split approximately $300 million for Wynn Al Marjan and a little over $200 million for the Marjan land bank and related infrastructure. We estimate our remaining 40% pro rata share of the required equity is approximately $900 million, fully loaded for capitalized interest fees and certain improvements on the island. Importantly, as Craig noted, we've also made meaningful progress on the debt financing for the project with significant interest from a diverse group of banks both locally in the region as well as internationally. We expect the financing will be completed later this year, and we will update you in due course. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Well, thank you, Chad, and thank you, everyone. We'll now close the call. Thank you for your interest in Wynn Resorts, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Thanks, Craig. Carlo, Q3 continues to pace very well. It's solid. August and September look even better than July. And when we look to Q4, pacing well for the year will be the best year we've ever had in group and convention. And 2025 seems to be pacing actually ahead of that, all with strong ADR growth. So the sales team has done a phenomenal job, and our yield management team and revenue management continues to yield because of that strong base, so it helps all segments. So I think we're in solid shape and we're encouraged by what we're seeing.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Well, with the caveat that Macau has always been and always will be an extremely competitive market. I'm not going to comment on specific promotional activity by others in the market, but I can tell you that our reinvestment in any given quarter could move up or down 50 basis points, 75 basis points, something like that based on what we're trying to achieve, but the core of our competitive strength will always be product and service.
Brian Gullbrants: Yes. I would say at the highest end of the market continues to grow for us on the non-gaming side, and the team has done a phenomenal job in capturing that business and it's perfect for our brand, and that's where we sit and operate and do a great job. So it continues to grow.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Carlo. Well, as you know, you've followed the company for a long time. We're not programmatic buyers of the stock, and we tend to buy back more when it is particularly cheap. So you're right. To that end, we did purchase in the quarter and we continued to purchase into July and actually the first few days of August, actually. We still have some $365 million of capacity under the Board authorization. We're really balancing all of our liquidity needs between capital deployment for growth, the UAE, potentially other greenfield markets, delevering slightly and returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Fortunately, we're in a position to do all of that. And so as you rightly know, it's really a question of quantum, and we'll continue to be opportunistic about it.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Joe. Well, to your second question first, there's always a relationship given the way that GAAP requires you to book rooms revenue associated with the casino. There's always a relationship between casino volumes, quality of customers and room rates. With respect to retail -- the retail component of non-gaming, I think the situation with respect to luxury retail in China is hopefully well understood. I think you've seen a lot of the large luxury retailers come out and make commentary on the topic. And of course, Macau and Hong Kong are not immune. I think what we've experienced is pretty consistent with our peers who have comparable retail footprint. To the first question that you raised, we're not going to provide specific numbers, but we were pleased with the bounce back in July. And as you know, market share can bounce around here and there. over the course of any given year or any given quarter. And as I said in my prepared remarks, you can't take market share to the bank. So, what we don't want to do is completely blow out our reinvestment levels and pursue a market share doesn't drive meaningful flow-through. So, we are being disciplined with respect to reinvestment and being aggressive in terms of going out and getting business.
Craig Billings: Sure. Thanks, Joe. Well, First of all, we were delighted with the public announcement of the GCGRA, the Federal regulatory body for gaming. If you -- for, I guess, you and everybody else on the call, if you haven't taking a look at their website, we encourage you to do that. The members of that body are some of the luminaries of the industry and very, very experienced regulators. The establishment of the GCGRA creates -- hopefully creates incremental clarity for investors and financing sources. It certainly has on the financing -- on the bank financing side. And then you'll also note that they recently awarded a lottery license for the UAE, and I think that, that hopefully again, gives folks comfort. I assume that they will be moving forward next -- to the next step in our licensure. I don't have a specific time line for you, but you can see all the momentum that's happening there.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Shaun. Yeah, I'm sure you saw the news flow with respect to -- it was nearly a single day, but with respect to the recent visitation record, your -- you're right, we don't really swim in that pond. It's not about the number of bodies, it's about the quality of the bodies. You're also correct that, if we had to pick up one of the two properties that was more exposed to that, it would be downtown, and I can't say that, that was a meaningful -- that had a meaningful impact rather during the second quarter, it was really about share. We have to fight for share every day. That's what we need to do. So I don't -- we don't really watch visitation numbers and think about the broader impact on our business because, again, for us, it's about who's there, not how many are there.
Craig Billings: No. There's a lot of crosscurrents happening in the economy there. So we watch that very closely. And as we've seen in this cycle and in previous cycles, the gaming business has been pretty resilient. You'll note the comment that I made to the previous caller with respect to retail. And I think you see that in the retail revenue and the retail revenue trends, but with respect to gaming, we don't see that. What we see is a mere competitive environment for market share. And so we have to be competitive and get our fair share.
Craig Billings: Well, I would say, anecdotally, it is impactful. I say anecdotally because we have so much going on, both in terms of internally generated events and programming that we're doing here and citywide events that are happening or events that are happening in other properties. So, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've done some $970 million in EBITDA out of in Las Vegas over the trailing 12 months. That's a real credit to the team here. So, every little bit counts. I can't isolate any particular event short of, of course, the major events like F1, Super Bowl, things like that. And as I said on the previous call, we're delighted to have the Sphere and their team as neighbors. We love innovators, we love people that do things at the cutting edge and drive high-quality visitation.
Craig Billings: Yes, good question. Thank you. What do you look for? High-end wine sales, club sales. I mean, we can go all day. I mean we can look at the -- we can get into the weeds and talk about individual metrics that you would be looking at, if you were on the inside of our business. We haven't seen that yet as we've been saying now for -- I think we've been answering questions around the impending performance of the business for over two years. So, we haven't seen that yet, but we're watching very, very closely to see how the consumer is behaving both in the moment and as they book to stay with us. What can we do to the extent that the consumer was to soften a little bit? And we've talked about this on calls previously as well. I mean we lived through a zero revenue environment for several months, and a seriously compressed revenue environment for many months after that as we went through COVID and the aftermath of COVID. That team is still here, still doing a tremendous job, and we have every playbook under the sun. We've learned how to run this business far differently than we were able to pre-COVID, which is part of the reason that we have been running such incredibly healthy margins, and we're able to fade things like the union increases, the way that we have. So, we have a playbook for every possible situation, but we haven't seen any of those situations emerge yet.
Craig Billings: Yes, we would pursue it out of Wynn Resorts out of the U.S.-listed entity. It's still early days. You're right, there has been progress, and it's encouraging to see, and it seems as though the legislators in Thailand really want to get this moving, which is great. We need to see more details on the regulatory and licensing structures, but the market is an attractive market, and it's probably conducive to meaningful investment, pending, again, a deeper understanding of the regulatory and licensing structure, you have amazing tourism infrastructure, you have a really strong service culture and a favorable operating expense, structure available in that market. So we're continuing to monitor the process very, very closely and we're active on the ground there.
Craig Billings: Sure. The second portion of your question first, we don't target, we don't have target leverage levels, because we will lever in place EBITDA to develop new projects. But we feel very good with where we are now. There's a WACC minimization question that needs to be answered, and we'll probably in that zone, at the leverage level that we're at today. With respect to buybacks, it's a little bit like capital deployment. We think about these things in five and 10-year increments, and over five or 10 years there's going to be times when the stock is expensive. There's going to be times when the stock is fairly priced and there's going to be times when the stock is cheap. And so what we need to do is continuously decapitalize in an appropriate manner, and of course, we will consider whatever the implied valuation is in the equity at any given point in time. And we will, act accordingly. But if we're growing the company by putting capital in the ground, we're returning capital to shareholders through the dividend. And we are decapitalizing the business and we're doing the right thing for those who have a long-term view on our business. And those are the people that we care about.
Craig Billings: Sure, sure. Robin. Yes, smart tables have a few. They've been around for a long time, but they've really just now reached a point from a technical soundness perspective and capability perspective where they could be really impactful. So, of course, they have positive implications on game security. They have some implications on OpEx. But the important aspect of them is in fact, the data and the ability to ingest and act on the data, which can drive better reinvestment decisions, which I think is at the core of what you mentioned when you say that it impacts market share. We've had a test bank of smart tables for a while now, and we're now moving to full rollout. We've made a ton of investments in the areas of analytics and data science over the course of the past several years. And I think we'll be in a position relatively quickly to both ingest and interpret and act on that data subsequent to roll out
Craig Billings: Sure. We lacked the union increases a couple of days ago. So July was the last month that we were still dealing with difficult year-over-year comparables on those. And with respect to Q1, I don't have a view for you yet to be perfectly honest. I mean, we agree how we operate. We aggressively manage revenue and we aggressively manage expenses, and we'll do that throughout Q1. But what the impact of not having the Super Bowl this year will be – and what that will mean to the numbers, I don't have any guidance for you yet.
Craig Billings: No. Well, first of all, a market share can bounce in, three people can come in and change your market share on any given day. That's the nature of the business, right, particularly when you're operating at the high end. So market share can bounce around. I think we are in a constant process of evaluating and re-evaluating not just the quantum of reinvestment that we will provide, but the form of that reinvestment, and we are targeting that reinvestment at very specific segments and sub-segments of the market. And so we recognized what we needed to tweak from Q2 and from June in particular, and we corrected it, and we went to market with it, and we, like I said, we bounced back in July, which was good to see.
Craig Billings: Sure. We will grow in Vegas. It's really a question of when, not if, and we will take advantage of the land bank that we have in Las Vegas. In terms of relative returns, I think the highest relative return that we can quantify now is absolutely in the UAE on Al Marjan Island. And as I mentioned, we just took down a land bank there as well. You can look at the history of gaming markets, Macau in particular, and you can see the power of a land bank and the power of using that land bank and going to market relatively quickly. So that's top of mind for us. The other development opportunities that we have, most notably the potential in New York and the potential in Thailand, it's too early to say what the returns will be because we don't know what the tax rate will be. And obviously that heavily inversely correlates to what the return on the project will be. And we won't do projects, vanity projects, if those vanity projects don't deliver appropriate returns relative to everything else that we have on our plate.
