Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today in are Matt Maddox in Las Vegas and on the phone line Marilyn Spiegel, Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities Laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. This quarter, I'll focus my remarks on the company's current liquidity position and our expected cash burn rate. At the onset of the outbreak of virus in both Asia and the U.S., we took immediate and decisive action to bolster our global liquidity position, maximize our financial flexibility and preserve cash. On April 30, our global cash and liquidity position was nearly $3.4 billion, providing the company with significant runway to weather the impact of the pandemic on our business. In Macau, where we drew down our revolving credit facility in February, we had approximately $1.8 billion of available liquidity as of April 30th. And in the U.S., we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.6 billion at the end of April. Our already strong domestic liquidity position was recently bolstered by the issuance of $600 million of unsecured notes in April. In fact, the transaction was upsized from $350 million it was approximately 8 times oversubscribed.  We were pleased to be the first company in our industry to issue unsecured notes since the onset of the pandemic, once again highlighting the strength of our brands and our business. We also obtained a covenant waiver for our U.S. credit facility for further increasing our financial flexibility. We are well positioned to bridge the current period of uncertainty and to thrive operationally and strategically during the recovery period. Turning to our cash burn rate. Upon the closure of casino operations in Macau in February, as Matt just alluded to, we announced an expected daily OpEx burn rate in Macau of $2.5 million. As he also mentioned upon reopening in late February our normalized EBITDA burn rate improved to approximately $800,000 per day in March. And with the subsequent implementation of additional public health measures, quarantines and border closures this rate in April was approximately $2 million per day reflected with limited business volumes. Until the reimplementation of visa schemes, and for reopening of transit to Hong Kong we expected daily burn rate in the $2 million to $2.5 million range in Macau, excluding interest and CapEx.  In the U.S., we have currently committed to pay all our team members their wages and benefits. Under this approach our daily OpEx burn rate in the U.S. is approximately $3.6 million inclusive of corporate expense. Globally, cash interest expense and our scaled down CapEx program combined are approximately $1.7 million per day. And thus our current global worst case all in daily cash burn rate is approximately $7.8 million per day, meaning we have sufficient liquidity runway in a worst case, no revenue full pay environment until at least the third quarter of 2021. But we will of course continue to actively assess our cash OpEx usage and liquidity position as the situation evolves. And will make adjustments as required based on the facts on the ground, including like the reopening date. On the CapEx front, we have postponed the Wynn Las Vegas room remodel, which was slated to begin in June, conserving approximately $170 million of cash and liquidity. We're fortunate to have the highest quality room product in Las Vegas and we plan to revisit the project again as we plan for 2020. We will also be very judicious with our global normal course maintenance capital spending over the coming quarters, only proceeding with our highest priority projects. Our pre-construction planning work on the Crystal Pavilion at Wynn Palace continues with our in house development team, as Matt mentioned. And in order to further solidify the company's financial position, our Board along with senior management have decided to temporarily suspend the company's quarterly dividends, preserving over $100 million of liquidity per quarter. We look forward to resuming the dividend when business conditions permit.  Lastly, I'll quickly note that our reported EBITDA for our U.S. properties in the first quarter was negatively impacted by $75.7 million accrual associated with our commitment to pay our domestic team members full wages and benefits after quarter end, from April 1st through May 15th. $56.4 million of this accrual was for Wynn Las Vegas, and $19.3 million was for Boston. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Craig Billings: And Carlo, I would just add to that, as Matt mentioned, when we reopened in February and into March, we got back to 25% to 30% of our Q4 '19 gaming volumes. That really reduced the cash burn rate and frankly, wasn't far off from the 45% or so of Q4, 2019 GGR volumes that we need to hit EBITDA break even. So you'll have your own view of Macau wide GGR mix share, et cetera. But whether it's VIP or premium less mass lead, we feel like the snapback will be pretty quick. And that will obviously help our cash flow position there. 
Craig Billings: And, Joe, the answer to your question on the -- it's Craig here. The answer to your question on occupancy. It really depends on how much of the campus we open as Matt alluded to, which we'll make that decision based on public health considerations in our view of demand over the course of 20 -- looking forward over the course of all of 2020. So depending upon what we opened we would expect to break even at the 50% to 60% occupancy level.
Craig Billings: Sure. I think you saw its access to the market just last month. And so we think we have the ability to do that to the extent that we need to, but with $3.4 billion on the balance sheet and really being at peak burn now, I don't anticipate we'll need to do that. But I think the capital markets showed that they were more than happy to embrace us. 
Craig Billings: Sure. On the capital structure side, I would just reiterate liquidity, liquidity, liquidity, liquidity is king. We have always maintained a pretty healthy amount of liquidity. And I think that that has served as well in this process. I think it's a little too early to start talking about target leverage levels. We need to actually get back to generating cash flow first. But certainly maintenance and of liquidity was an is a really important part of capital structure in times like that. 
Matt Maddox: So, just based on our limited experience, between February 20th and March 20th, we definitely saw the VIP and premium segments come back faster. There's clearly pent-up demand for activity. If you look at what's going on in Beijing and Shanghai the go back to work and resume production campaign that has been launched. There's a lot of activity. So I do believe that there will be demand for Macau without a doubt. I am also very happy that we're in the business of the premium and high-end which requires less people and more revenue. So, we're not looking for 100,000 people a day to be going through our properties, that's never been our business. We've always been focused on the premium end and I believe that that will definitely be the segment that comes back first is the cap.
Matt Maddox: So Carlos, it is Matt. Again, we believe in what's happening in the greater Bay Area in Macau and China. We are focused on doing the best we can to be a part of it, and to invest in our people, our communities and our assets. So we put that plan together at the beginning of this year. It's still our plan. We're focused on it. We think it makes a lot of sense for the community for our people and for our shareholders. So, that's really where we are and that's we have not deviated from that plan.
Matt Maddox: And Ian I think just to clarify. The May holiday traffic that we witness was in mainland China not it's not necessarily [indiscernible] which is right in Hinton Island had really strong volumes and as well as lots of resorts around so I think that's a great point. There's clear demand for the product that we offer.
Matt Maddox: The competent in Macau is at the concessionaire level on a senior secured basis. So we would have access to the bond market at WML [ph]. And in the U.S. we actually got a covenant waiver, even though that's also secure covenant, we got a covenant waiver on our U.S. facility. So we have ample room to add liquidity to the extent we need it. Though again, I don't anticipate we will. 
Matt Maddox: Hey, Felicia its Matt. So we went through our long list of capital projects in Massachusetts, Las Vegas, and in Macau. And we've effectively put all of the short term things on hold outside of something that's under construction now. For example, Delilah in Las Vegas that was halfway through construction, we're going to finish that. But the large projects, room remodels some of the other things that we were looking at, we have put on hold until we're cash flow positive. So, we're really focused on maintaining our liquidity right now. 
Matt Maddox: Yes, that's a great question, Shaun. I've personally spoken to the airlines that have lots of lift capacity in particular into Las Vegas. And in the month of May and in June, there's a dramatic reduction in lift capacity as you can imagine. Some of the large airlines are starting to put their plans out, their standardization plans, which we've been encouraging them to be transparent and to start putting that out. I think that there's continued disagreement between the airlines and TSA on temperature checks, which is kind of a logistical problem. And so are they going to do them and if so, who's doing them? So there's some behind the scenes work that needs to happen. But the airlines are definitely focused on it and they're contracting the list now. But based on my conversations, it's been fairly short term because trying to predict what demand will be 60 or 90 days. It almost impossible given the speed of the information in the economy that we're all learning every day. 
Matt Maddox: Yeah, I think that on the supply side in the early days. I don't think not a lot is going to reopen in my opinion. I don't know how many resorts are going to reopen, but it's certainly not even close to the entire Las Vegas Strip. Clearly our base of group is non-existent in the first few months after we reopen. So we're really focused on casino and on leisure, and trying to capture a disproportionate amount of that market people coming to Las Vegas. No, I think it'll be a slow ramp because the group will not be there. But there's also not a lot of I don't think there'd be a lot of supply either. So our pricing power I believe will help dictate how full we want our properties to be. 
Matt Maddox: I think there's clearly a focus on a safe reopening of the economy. I think that the -- it's obvious what's happening with this rapidly decelerating curve with our economy that that has to be blunted as we blunted the growth of COVID-19. And so there was a real focus on how to do that. Testing is continuing to be a real point of focus. And on that I think that there's been tremendous progress in terms of testing and testing capacity. Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of tests likely will be performed over the next couple of weeks on a daily basis.  In Las Vegas, like I said, we're going to have the ability and working with UMC. When we open it when any employee and any customer that wants to swab test, you can get it we have on site. We have three various antibody tests that are going through EUA approval right now and one that already has it that we're working on. That will also be available.  So, I think that until it's commodity businesses themselves need to work with medical communities to make sure that those are available. And so we're definitely doing that. But there was a clear focus on how to reopen the economy and to start moving in that direction.
Matt Maddox: I'm not sure about that. I think during these times, there's usually transactions that are out there. And there could be some really interesting assets that could come up that I think everybody will be watching.
Matt Maddox: This was just the University Medical Center in Wynn Las Vegas reaching that agreement in Macau. Because, the government has done a very good job there. There are tests available for people that meet them. My understanding is that teachers are getting tested when they're going in.  And so I think it's a little bit of a different situation there. What we noticed here in Las Vegas is there was testing capacity, but nobody prescribing tests because people weren't hitting their five or six symptoms. So we decided to cut through that and make a direct partnership with the Research Hospital so that our employees would have the ability to get tested.
Matt Maddox: That's something that I think about and we think about every day, which is why we've continued to encourage phased openings and watch the data. So I think from a health and safety perspective, we've done, I believe just about everything that we could possibly think of. And if there are other good ideas, we will implement them.  But what we're going to do is, think about it incrementally, watch it. And then we have to watch the data from all the communities around us like what's going on. So, do I think that there'll be moments when we all will need to pull back a little bit or when we can push forward a little faster? Of course. And so we need to make sure that our teams are prepared for that and that we can learn as we go. 
Matt Maddox: Thanks, David. So thank you everybody for joining us today. We hope everybody is stays safe and healthy and we'll talk to you next quarter. 
