Steve Cootey: Thank you and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the Company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden and myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams from both our Las Vegas and Macau properties. Before we get started I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Cootey: We did – if you look at the press release you will see our provision for doubtful accounts is down. So we did have an $8 million reversal of a debt that was fully collected. So that did impact EBITDA. But remember we also are carrying –.
Steve Cootey: It's actually all related to capitalized interest. So we took the opportunity to capitalize about $25 million of interest we should have capitalized in last year related to Palace.
Steve Wynn: Well, we did have some information released prior to this about the quarter. And we are going to discuss the various subjects that I am sure will be of interest to the people on the call. The only other thing I could say is that since our early release to bring everybody up to date, it was very interesting that both Macau and Las Vegas had better Aprils than they did a year ago. And that was in terms of profitability and that was very nice. So without any other comment I think we will let this go to questions.
Steve Wynn: Well, Steve Cootey and Matt Maddox were the ones that discussed that and they are on the call and I think they can follow-up with your answer.
Steve Wynn: Yes, let's remind – $25 million a quarter and I can now tell the investment community that $100 million a year backpack we have got on the Peninsula property will come to an end on June 30. Ian is going to transfer the $25 million a month that he is carrying from Wynn, or $8.5 million a month, onto the new hotel where it belongs. And so, we are going to see the Peninsula property efficiency take a rather dramatic jump, which I hope will more than offset any of the kind of transference that occurs within a company when they open a second property. That is $25 million a quarter and this is the last quarter of that package being carried by the other hotel. Its profitability is greater than it has appeared.
Steve Wynn: Great question. Look, what do we do here now? We offer a more luxurious property with all kinds of choices in food, beverage and nightclubs for the young people, 5,000 people a night in excess and the beach club 5,000 people a day. These are not casino customers, these are people who are in search of a different form of recreation and we satisfy their demand. And we benefit from that to the tune of $30 million or $35 million a year, for example if we are talking about nightclubs, in EBITDA. So when we talk about Paradise Park, first of all, we put 1,000 rooms that are going to be the encore room with a 40 foot length room with a sitting area, they are petite suites, and we're going to add a balcony on each room facing the lake in a 17 story structure. Now that is probably going to be one of the most desirable hotel rooms in the country. I mean fireworks every night and all of this lunacy going on outside, staring at these remarkable scenes that we are going to build with activity going on. That certainly goes after a higher value customer. And then we are adding these gorgeous meeting rooms both as an add-on of an 85,000 foot meeting room and 50,000 feet – I mean 85,000 ballroom and 50,000 feet of meeting rooms next to La Fete [ph] in the Wynn side. And then we're adding a 25,000 and a 50,000 foot ballroom and I guess another 35,000 foot of meeting rooms on the new side, on the Paradise Park side. All of these rooms and facilities have terraces and open areas, open onto this show that is in the middle. So to that extent we are playing, aren't we, to a high price point. But on the other hand, I am going to charge every single person $20 to $30 to experience Paradise Park whether I do it as part of the room charge, as a resort fee per night or whether I do it for people coming in off the street, part of those 118,000 people a day that are visiting the town. I'm going to charge for it and that is going to make this place accessible. It is $100 to go to Disneyland; we are going to charge $20. But you are talking about revenues of $300,000 or $400,000 a day if anybody shows up. And this is high-margin business. So to one extent, as we do in our existing 4,700 rooms, soon to be 5,700 if this project proceeds as planned, we will be getting mass business and we will be increasing our occupancy in the existing rooms and creating occupancy in expensive rooms on the lake. That is what we are trying to do. But I made a point that is worth repeating incessantly. You cannot get dynamic with gaming equipment. It is only gaming equipment, it is always the same everywhere in the world, at the most humble regional box of slots to the fanciest place. The trick is how many people come through the casino and what is their average income, at what level in the economic scale are they? That is how we manage to increase and break the record in casino revenues at every place we have ever built since 1989. Nothing really – conceptually in our planning nothing is really changing. Wynn Paradise Park is a further extension of the same mentality taking advantage of imagination and fantasy on property that we own for zero with water rights that we own for zero, and we are the only ones that have them at this size. And we are going to do it with solar power and we are going to use less water than a golf course. So we are going to be very green at the same time. I hope that responds to your question.
Steve Wynn: Yes. We have a positive expectation but no guarantee. So I think it is probably good to stay away from that because I wouldn't want to be perceived as putting myself in the government's shoes.
Steve Wynn: We have some idea of what the review had to say in general terms. And that was that the upgrade, the expansion of the appeal of the Macau market was successful in every way, either met or exceeded the goals that were set early at the millennium. It also resulted in inflation and the cost of living which has put some pressure on the local people as far as their rents. And that has resulted in the government putting pressure on us to keep raising wages which we have all done. In our case I think we have led the market because of our stock ownership and other things we have done. And the other hotels have also been rather aggressive in responding to the government. And I think those are the main ingredients unless, Matt, you know more or Gamal or Ian or Linda – do you know more about it? And you know, you have heard the question. And I think any of my people in China that want to respond can feel free to do so.
Steve Wynn: But you know [indiscernible] we have got a history of being very conservative in that area. And nothing has changed after 45 years.
Steve Wynn: They've ended it. Okay, as of now it is illegal, there is no more phone betting. They stopped it today, the DJIC made it official. It is finito.
Steve Wynn: Well, I feel badly for our sub-concessionaire, Melco, who owns 60% of the place. I'm sure they are not happy with the results. Lawrence Ho is a very smart guy and I am sure you will see improvement there. Robin, if I understand correctly, you are wondering if that impacts our expectation on Palace, right. That is your main…
Steve Wynn: Okay. We have repeated many times that we expected a competitive environment. Matt, at the Investor Day, took quite a bit of time to show where the business was, where does casino activity in Macau really come from. And that there has been this false identification of mass versus premium. The junket operator with the dead chips or the low level mass table games with the buses on the other hand. And nothing is further from the truth. That is a misunderstanding. The bulk of this market ranges rapidly up into what we call and I think we tend to categorize this a little bit too generally, mass premium. But the money in Macau is all based upon the better customer, both the cash customer with the regular chips and of course the people who play with the non-redeemable chips. But the money in Macau – when we say mass we are not talking about Circus for example at one end of the Las Vegas spectrum versus Wynn or Bellagio. What really goes on in Macau is all the money is in the better category of player at every level. Now the people that design these various new hotels, they make a bunch of decisions long before groundbreaking about what they are going to show the public, who they want their customer to be. And they define these things by the size of their rooms, the width of the corridors, the quality and selection of restaurants, the entire treatment of the interior decor, the flow of the elements of the hotel, which incidentally place specific emphasis and priorities on certain elements versus others because as you create the flow in these places you demonstrate your priorities to the public. This hotel, the Wynn Palace, was designed to appeal specifically to the heart and soul, the premium customer in Macau. The Studio City project was articulated by its developers as a place that was designed to appeal to the mass, the lower end. Parisian has a bulk of rooms, many of whom are much smaller than ours. The cost factors associated with these places, all of the decisions that are made by the developers define the product when it finally is launched. We have seen the competition in Macau, we have studied them with respect and in some cases admiration for their execution. But I'm going to say it one more time. We are not in that ZIP Code. We are not in that area code. When you see it, Robin, you will understand. This place has a different – a level than Bellagio, Wynn Macau, Wynn Las Vegas or Encore Las Vegas. This is a different place. So it is designed in every single element to appeal to that part of the market that goes from a 1,000 unit average bet of Hong Kong dollars to 1 million. And so, when we look at Studio City we don't see any comparison with us. Now when you asked me about Parisian and how do I feel about it opening right after us, I don't really know what Sheldon did, because we haven't seen it, and what his thinking was and his colleagues and where they were going to position Parisian. But I suspect that no one is directly challenging our market position at this point, unless SJM does. There is that character with the red Rolls-Royce that is building a place called Louis XIV that has 100 rooms or something and doesn't have any tables yet, but it is over in Coloane. I think his rhetoric is that it is going to be the fanciest thing in the world, the 100 rooms on Coloane. We don't stay up late night worrying about him. But in terms of the Parisian, as we have heard – Sheldon Adelson prefers to stay in the middle or what he calls the fat part of the market. And they do a very good job at that. We are positioned differently, Robin. If you were on our side of this I think you would probably agree that is the only way to go if you are Wynn and that is what we have done. So we don't have much heartburn about Studio City. I hope for their sake that it is a big success and sooner or later I believe that Lawrence Ho and James Packer will figure that out and make that place perform. And we do like the long-term prospects of Macau. We think the market will catch up with us all sooner or later. In the meantime, we may snatch a little market share here and there.
Steve Wynn: Well, I think that – I wanted everybody to know everything that was on our plate for the next five years, and so that, as I said at the meeting, we were playing our cards face up. But I think that the specifics of the math on Paradise Park should await more specific conversation when we can equate revenue to costs and really be responsive to that question. But remember, Robin, it is not a project until my Board says it is a project. And all of us in management have more work to do before we present it for the green light vote at the Board level. And because of the complexity and the really transitional impact that this project will have on Las Vegas, we want to make sure that we have done our homework and been very complete. And then we are going to discuss all this in great detail with you and the members of the investment community, the buy and sell side people in enormous detail. All I can say is this point is in my view it is overwhelmingly good news. It is my favorite thing in my career that I have ever done. It is the most fun I've ever had. In my opinion it's the most – it's the safest and most clear-cut opportunity in terms of real estate development that I've ever seen my life. So with that we proceed happily along the road of completion.
Steve Wynn: The answer is we will get through Somerville and we will be in construction this summer. And the property in Boston will be unlike any other casino outside of Las Vegas in the United States of America. And I make that statement unequivocally. It is designed, it is drawn and it is virtually priced. We have a few last-minute tweaks that we can do in value engineering, but it will stand alone against anything that exists other than the city of Las Vegas or the strip in Las Vegas period. Period. Look, remember I said at the Investment Day that both the Palace in Asia and the Wynn in Boston – in the metropolitan area of Boston – both of them are not only great investments for this Company but they are case studies going forward for any other city that wants to try get in Asia, any other country or any other city in America that wants to have a grand hotel that employs people and is a credit to the community where gambling is subordinated but available, but that the resort and destination aspects of the building are unequivocal. The Massachusetts project will be exactly that sort of case study. And we think that is an important part of our future. Instead of having to do the developer speak like I am today talking about Paradise Park, we can just keep quiet and say here, look at this. Here Seoul Korea, Taiwan, anyplace else, look at Wynn Palace, we have nothing else to say. We rest. We don't have any body copy, we have no developer speak, just look at what we have done. I know a lot of the guys in my business talk about how great their buildings are. Well, get ready. In the month of July there is a new girl in town and we are going to meet her face to face and all the boys and girls in Macau can come take a look. This is a game for adults.
Steve Wynn: Suffolk Construction – John Fish brought his old management team for their quarterly retreat and he wanted them to see what Wynn was really like. So they had the retreat of all of his company in this hotel. They didn't even tell us they were coming, they paid retail here at the hotel. But we had a chance to talk to them and John has said 28 months of construction. So that is straight from the builder and he signed his name to it.
Steve Wynn: No, as a matter of fact that one casino that is being built is being managed by the folks from Malaysia, from Genting. And I had coffee with K.T. Lin day before yesterday – yesterday actually, and it is very much like Macau. It is a different market share than we are in. This thing in Boston is pure Wynn. It is the Wynn Las Vegas in a new form moved to Massachusetts. So naturally it is going to appeal to a different kind of customer than the stuff that is up there now. And it was designed to do so. So I don't think it affects our expectation about revenue and the opportunity there if that is your question.
Steve Wynn: 14 million shares. And although I can't do nothing about it myself I take advantage of it when it gets out of line and buy shares. I mean it is fine when they drive the stock down for reasons that are irrelevant and completely disconnected from anything to do with our business operations. So the stock market has got more volatile, more stupid as a gambling game than ever before. And I look at it that way to be honest with you. I have very little respect for the integrity of the trading on the exchange in most stocks. And I have particular disdain for the fact that the SEC has failed to deal with high-frequency traders who are doing nothing more than taking advantage of inside information, a buy or a sell order, because of technology advantages. If you read Flash Boys it is all spelled out for you. And if I execute an order I will use the IX – I'll use Brad Katsuyama if I was buying something so that I couldn't be fronted by the high-frequency traders, but there is enough a lot of that going on. The other day I was watching the stock open up and it went up on share volumes of a few thousand shares. I mean every trade was a tick up. That is not the way it should operate in an honestly or intelligently run exchange, but that is the thing. All those guys sold their dark pools and their order flow and the positioning on the floors of the servers to the HFTs. And it has made a couple guys that I am friendly with very rich because they are high-frequency traders. But I don't respect the activity. And I am severely critical of it and don't mind saying so either.
