Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan; Linda Chen; Ciaran Carruthers; Frederic Luvisutto; and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Sure, Joe. First of all, we're big believers in the segment. The digital business is, as you know, is all about customer lifetime value and marketing spend to obtain that lifetime value. So our marketing plan involves a combination of out-of-home advertising partnerships like you saw with NASCAR and digital marketing. We seated the business with $80 million and we'll deploy marketing spend at scale as long as it continues driving the appropriate customer lifetime value.
Craig Billings: Yes. It's a good question, Felicia. Thank you. In the U.S. both properties Q3 OpEx was pretty consistent from reopening through October once you adjust for those accrual reversals that I mentioned. So we think those OpEx levels are reflective at the current environment and certainly sustainable for the near-term, particularly with the adjusted hours at Encore Las Vegas. In Macau, we saw a modest increase in variable expenses per day as business volumes returned in October. OpEx was up a little over 10% compared to the $2 million per day I mentioned in Q3, again, adjusting for those accrual reversals. Of course, that's compares to revenues that were up a lot more than that, which is why we were EBITDA positive. Overtime, a good chunk of the cost savings that we have implemented will be retained. And that's particularly true in the U.S. where I think we're actually running our businesses differently, while maintaining the appropriate level of brand standards. So it's a little early to give you guidance on what portion will come back, but a significant chunk will stay out of the business. And that's how we'll drive operating leverage as the business returns.
Craig Billings: Sure. First of all, the team has done a tremendous job continuing to support local employment, but dealing with controllable OpEx, they've implemented any number of programs with really with every dollar matters approach. And I can tell you, we're incredibly happy with how they've done that. A number of those saves, which are admittedly less than in the U.S., because you're right, labor is less flexible. A number of those saves will be permanent. I alluded – actually I stated in my prepared remarks that OpEx came back about a little over 10% in October relative to the $2 million per day that we experienced in Q3, which was reflective of some of that variable expense coming back as players came back. But a reasonable chunk of what they've done will provide margin enhancements over time.
Craig Billings: Sure. Happy to do that. So first of all, again, this is a business of customer lifetime value and cost per acquisition. And customer lifetime value and cost per acquisition have to make sense in order to deploy marketing spend. We have a tremendous brand, that brand has – will we believe and has in our social casino segment allowed us to acquire at a rate that is cheaper than the overall prevailing market. We intend to leverage that brand. We intend to leverage the land-based assets that we can bring to bear to be competitive. At the same time, every two weeks, as we're putting out a release, we're going to make our product better and better and make it the fitting of Wynn standards. And we think that that will drive an outside's customer lifetime value. And so, if you can drive a higher LTV and you can drive a lower CPA, you can scale a business like this, and we intend to do so. With respect to NASCAR, we have a long history with NASCAR. Actually, we we've hosted them a number of times at Wynn Las Vegas and the group and convention business. We have a tremendous amount of respect for them as an organization. And we were delighted to partner with them in pursuit of a license in Virginia. Today that relationship is very focused on Virginia, but we'll see where it goes.
Craig Billings: Sure. Great question. So, obviously we're a casino brand. We're a very strong casino brand. So we think there's a lot of opportunity for us in high casino. On the customer acquisition side, the brand provides a distinct competitive advantage. I think that's true for some of our peers as well, but that's particularly true for us given the national recognition and premium nature of our brand. So we think that's an acquisition advantage. On the sports side, we've obviously operated our own sports book for many, many years. We understand trading, we understand what excites the customer and where the market is. And we are working with the team and the BetBull team that understands that as well as we do. So, in terms of database overlap, I mean, that's not going to be enough to scale any digital sports betting business. To be honest, you have to understand what the customer wants. You have to build a product to it, and you have to scale into that. And that's what we're in the early stages of doing in New Jersey.
Craig Billings: And Stephen, I would just add. Our group bookings for the back half of 2021, looks pretty consistent with what you would expect for the back half of any given non-COVID year and we obviously have a lot of capacity in the hotel. You can see that in our occupancy. So we believe we can maintain the momentum that we have. And then when you layer group and convention back on, on top of an OpEx base that is lower than it has historically been, it's a pretty good recipe for operating leverage.
Matt Maddox: So if you look at our business model, Carlos, we're not reliant on 50,000 people coming through our doors a day, we are in the premium business. So we feel quite good about the premium mass and premium spot segment. There is continued customer demand. Lots of people like to point out, various issues. But when you think about Macau, it's positioned and how important it is in the Greater Bay area and the development of Macau into a global destination – global tourist destination for the Greater Bay Area, we feel very, very good about our position in particular, on the premium mass side over the next couple of years. We have the right product. As far as the junkets, again, lots of conversation about junkets that business is not dead as some people like to say. We saw – get back to 25% to 30% of its previous levels. I believe it will continue to consolidate with some of the largest operators and we will continue to participate in it. So I don't anticipate that junket business will be back to 2019 levels, because it is consolidating and it is shrinking, but the Macau market overall is very well positioned to be one of the top tourist destinations in Asia over the next three years. Operator, next question.
Matt Maddox: And Joe, it's Matt. We've had a lot of interest, as you could imagine from various very large financial investors to other strategics to public markets wanting to be a part of this. And we've been really focused on making sure that we build this business correctly, that we own the vast majority of it. And I'm sure over time there could be other funding sources, but only on our terms.
Matt Maddox: No. We actually love our partners. The Founder of BetBull is in that stub equity, Norbert, one of the founders of Bwin is in that stub equity. We're delighted to have our partners.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So I think, just to be totally fair, our top line market share will likely might not get quite back to 2019 just because the junket business will unlikely get back to where it was in 2019. But when you look at what the EBITDA contribution was out of that segment pre-COVID, I'm talking about junket business, it was between 10% and 15%. So our EBITDA and EBITDA share, I think we'll be able to get back to the pre-COVID levels because we were already very premium mass and premium spot heavy. And that has been the focus of Linda Chen and Kenny and our full marketing team. And they're doing a very good job there. And I think we're really well positioned given that the overall crowds or customers will likely be less. I don't think Macau will be getting back to a hundred thousand people a day in the short term. So focusing on the higher end in the premium segment, which is where we are, I think will actually be an advantage in terms of our EBITDA and EBITDA share in the market.
Matt Maddox: It's Matt, from my perspective, it seems like everyone's being – promotions are in check. People are just focused on trying to do what they can and watch the market come back. But Ian is there anything or Linda that you'd like to add to that.
Matt Maddox: And one of the things that we've done is, we will finish this year our own PCR COVID testing lab. And we've partnered with a really strong group out of New York on top of a hospital here. It's under construction now. It's not a lot of money. It's a couple of million dollars, but we will be able to facilitate thousands and thousands and thousands of saliva-based tests that can be distributed throughout the property and turned around within five to six hours PCR. We're not talking antibody or antigen test here. With sensitivity rates and the 98% specificity rates over 99%. So the gold standard in terms of testing and what I've been talking to our elected leaders about is, this could be one of our opportunities as we get through this to get entertainment going again, to get conventions going again, that we'll be able to test thousands of people in a very short period of time so that they can be together. We will be creating safe zones throughout our property. Not for the whole property, but any place like a theater or in a convention where we want to get more people together than 50 or 250. So that's underway. The team is being built. It'll be finished this year. And the best thing would be if we never have to use it, but I'm not sitting around hoping that that will be a good strategy. We're going to be ready and we'll be the first ones, really probably the first ones in the U.S. to do something like that. And a lot of people are paying attention to it. And I think it's going to be a good blueprint to help get Las Vegas back.
