Stephen Alan Wynn: Good afternoon, everybody. You've seen our numbers. They're sort of, I think, probably no surprise to anybody. Macau continues to be more of a question than a certainty as we head through 2015 and towards our opening on March 25 of Wynn Palace in 2016. Our construction and our staffing is on schedule. We've made some adjustments in the staffing until we have a clearer picture of the game total that will be allocated to us by the government. But in the meantime, we're finishing this building. I would mention that, as I have in the past, that the design of this building and its creation over five years ago was done in anticipation of market conditions perhaps not as critical as they are today, but under the general assumption that the robust and unprecedented growth in the market would not be the kind of growth we'd be experiencing in 2016 and that we would face competition for which we had great respect. Our fellow operators in Macau are intelligent, they're extremely well-financed and they're quick to learn and to accommodate the things that they see in other hotels and to accommodate changes necessitated by their own experience in that market. It's a very, very sharp place. The buildings that are built represent remarkable diversifications into non-gaming attractions. And, of course, that adds to the competitive nature of our situation. We designed the hotel, as I say, in anticipation of just such an environment, perhaps not quite as critical as the one we're facing, but we said we had to be clearly, clearly a superior choice competitively. We enjoy a segment of the market that we wanted to continue to enjoy, the upper premium, the VIP business and the top end of the mass marketing. We enjoy that advantage today and we intended to increase that advantage by the opening of Wynn Palace, such worthy assumptions of its creation, and I'm happy to say that that was the result of the construction and the development. Our staff, headed by Mr. Gamal Aziz and Ian Coughlan and Linda Chen in China, are doing an excellent job in preparing the place to make a good opening and make a good impression on our guests, so that hopefully the Wynn Palace will be everybody's first choice when they go to Cotai. In Las Vegas, we're enjoying a comfortable business, I think is the right word for it. It's not an aggressive growth by any means, but we are enjoying non-casino revenue that is acceptable. Our slot machine and table games are growing with one exception. This should come as no surprise to professionals on this call, and that is that since we were the operator of choice for the international baccarat business, namely from China, that if anything interfered with that business, we would of course experience more of a penalty in that regard than our competitors since we had more of those kinds of people attending our hotel. When that group is diminished we, of course, feel it critically. So our baccarat table business has suffered, mainly because of the absence of a number of Asian players. But business from Latin America is still good, and perhaps that explains why we had clearly the most powerful performance in this quarter of any operator in America. And with that, I think I've sort of summarized whatever I can add to the conversation today, and I'll be glad to take questions along with my colleagues.
Stephen Alan Wynn: I think, first of all, I'm comfortable about the March 25 date. The government happily gave us 100% of our last and final request for construction labor, and so we're fully staffed at 7,000 construction workers. So, we're pretty sanguine at the moment, although anything is subject to change. We're sanguine about the March 25 date. But I want to add that when we say March 25, the way this company operates, we always want to have two weeks – 10 days to two weeks of practice where we let all of our employees stay in all of the rooms, order room service, use the telephones, have our computer systems fail, have our elevators have a chance to fail, we go to our backup systems, we use all of our emergency systems, we deal the games to each other. We do everything to anticipate what our guests, when we open to the public, will experience so that if there are any glitches or shortcomings, we experience them, not the public. So, when I say we open on March 25, the hotel will be a campus in February, and if anything interferes with our ability to use March as a campus to practice, then of course I wouldn't hesitate to postpone the opening by a week or two. But, when I said March 25, that anticipates all of the things that are necessary to open a hotel on Wynn standard. Matt, you can talk about adjustments to the floor and the compendium.
Stephen Alan Wynn: And I have taken exception to that with Matthew privately. I think the right number is closer to $22 million because of the dominance of baccarat.
Stephen Alan Wynn: But if you look at us historically, in calculating hold percentage, because we have so many buy-ins at the cage, which is completely atypical from the American experience, usually we know exactly what the drop or the handle is in a casino in Las Vegas. For those of you who may not be quite familiar with this term, when someone gambles at a table, at any table in the world, they have to buy chips. They come to the table, they give the money to the dealer and the dealer drops the money in the box and slides the chips out of the rack to the customer, and that's the buy-in. The other way that people get chips is with credit. And when they take a marker, if they're approved by the supervisor in charge or the team leader, then the chips are slid across the table out of the rack just as if they had paid cash and a credit slip associated with a marker goes into the box in lieu of cash. Now, there are other pieces of paper in the box that represent changes to the inventory in the rack during the eight-hour shift. Fills, if there's a need for more chips when the customers are winning or credit slips if the customers are losing and the rack gets overcrowded with the chips that are taken back, we return them to the cage. They don't have anything to do with handle. What we measure is the cash and the credit slips associated with markers. That tells us the total amount of activity. We measure that against the changes in the opening and closing inventories of the shift and that tells us the performance of the table, or the win. In China, and virtually no one buys chips at the cage in America, at least in our experience over the last 40-odd years, and then walks to a table and gambles. In China, they do, in fact, do exactly that. I don't know whether it's because they're using their credit card or they're cashing in whatever RMBs they have or whatever, but people go to the cage, buy chips, and then circulate around the casino and bring the gaming tokens to the table with them. That means that when we count the boxes, it's not a measurement truly of the drop or activity in the casino. The handle, it's referred to in the alternative. So we've started now taking the buy-ins in the cage, at the cashier, and the money and credit slips in the box, although in the mass casino we don't give credit at the table. But, we take the cash and the buy-ins at the cage and we try as close as we can to then re-create a comparable number that all of you would understand as handle or drop for the level of activity at the tables. I hope I'm being clear enough in this explanation. And based upon this, we've gone back and tried to give a comparison of the real hold compared to the theoretical hold of the mass table game activity in China. And my experience, because of the dominance of baccarat, that that number should be between $22 million and $23 million. Matt thinks it should be $20 million, but at any rate it's arbitrary. You can make an adjustment any way you'd like. If you look at us historically, it's what I said, $22 million, $23 million. Matt is – the whole financial structure of this company is extremely conservative, as you know, so Matt decided to say, well, it's $20 million. And I think that's on the low side, but call it what you may. Go ahead, Matt.
Stephen Alan Wynn: That's right. But, we're carrying the rest of it in today's numbers, which is worth noting, I think. Go ahead, Ian, if you have some more.
Stephen Alan Wynn: Well, the message I take is that acting as a group with respect and a good deal of humility that our conversations with the government do not completely fall on deaf ears, and both of those examples you just gave are examples of the government taking input from the gaming operators and reacting in what I think was an intelligent and appropriate way. We have a continuing dialog with the government because their major interest is to protect the security of the jobs of the people in the city, to keep harmony, tranquility and even a very positive attitude among the citizens, whether it's in Hong Kong or Macau, about the future. Our job as agents of change is to give input to the government, in advance if possible, of what the consequences of a given change in public policy might be. We do so with respect and as I say, we approach them with gratitude for being able to be there in the first place. It's been a wonderful business experience comparable to none that I'm aware of. And so, when we talk to the government, we do so constructively, and what we can do appropriately is to tell them what we think the consequences of a given situation will be. We don't pound the table or make any demands. We strictly say, if you do that, this is likely to happen. If you do that, then there'll be another result, and we'll do our best to accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative, to quote one of Johnny Mercer's old lyrics. So, I was glad to see that they allowed the smoking rooms. There was no reason not to, and Secretary Tam, who is very concerned about public health, finally felt as if it was okay to allow the smoking rooms to continue, and that's a good thing. The relaxation of the visas to allow people in China to travel freely is consistent with the reform-mindedness of Xi Jinping's government and I think consistent with the attitude of the local government as well.
Stephen Alan Wynn: With regard to the stock market, the government in an attempt to stop a sell-off, imposed restrictions on people's ability to trade securities. I am not an expert on China and I'm not even a Wall Street expert, but I am a person who's been in a public company for 40 years. And my own experience, had I been consulted, I would've said don't do that exactly because if someone thinks that you're going to close the door on their ability to sell or trade their shares, you can only do that for a certain length of time and then the minute you finish doing it, the people scamper for the door because there's a loss of trust. So, interfering with the markets tend to produce – is counterproductive. It tends to accentuate people's insecurity which leads to selling. So, I hope that they're relaxing that, they're backing out of that, and I hope they do it more affirmatively for the sake of the market. Now, that's not really my concern because, our stock can trade at level A or level B. We don't pay very much attention to our stock price per se, we pay attention to the underlying performance of the company, and those factors associated with performance that are within our control, which is why every week we grind on everything in this building from the use of every square foot of our real estate and our structures, to our plans for the future. But the stock price and other stock prices in China have been subject to some great volatility lately, and I don't know that shutting the door on trading is a long-term healthy move. But, again, I'm not part of the planning people that run such things, and I know that historically that sort of thing has produced the opposite effect that it attempts to create.
Stephen Alan Wynn: I don't have anything to report today. We're not involved with any active discussions at the moment. We talk about everything among ourselves, of course.
Stephen Alan Wynn: Well, I've never been told that that was their goal, nor have I ever heard from a third party that they wanted to do that. You could surmise that by restricting the flow of construction workers that it had that effect, but there are similarly other explanations for the amount of construction workers that were parsed out in the past having to do with traffic and congestion and local population being distressed if the streets are overcrowded and things like that. The government is very sensitive to the mood of the public in Macau. They had those demonstrations in Hong Kong and they didn't have any in Macau. And that, of course, is favorably observed by the central government and is one of the major goals of the Chief Executive, Fernando Chui. He wants harmony in the city, and I think that most of the decisions that he's made have been to create that environment. I don't think they've ever tried to stop somebody from opening, and I'd be surprised, Robin, if that philosophy was ever articulated. But it certainly hasn't been to us.
Stephen Alan Wynn: We're hopeful that in Massachusetts at some point in the near future we'll be treated with a little softer hand considering that we're the largest single private investment in the history of the state, and that we're bringing to that town non-casino attractions that have never been around. We've never been a resino or a riverboat operator. We build resorts that are much more extravagant and attractive than they would be were it not for the fact that somewhere down the hall there's a gaming room. But we're basically in the resort business that has casinos included, and what we're bringing to Boston is a destination resort. And as the publicity has shown that we've experienced a little bit of buffeting politically, and we're sort of plowing ahead anyway. We receive encouragement from many quarters in that community, but we get resistance from others because the casinos seem to be such a prize for whatever local community to take advantage of its presence in that community that Boston has been rather critical of us because we weren't in Boston, but we are in Everett. And in Everett, Massachusetts, we once tried to go to Boston, but the – near the convention center when this all started. And the man in charge of conventions said, no, forget it, that property is not available. It was right next door to the convention center. So, Matt, went down the Street to another town, Everett, who are glad to see us, but unfortunately said you're going to have to clean up a chemical dump site in order to do it on the Mystic River. Well, we thought it was worth the trouble, so we went to Everett where 86% of the population was delighted to see us, and voted to say so. And then finally the citizens of Massachusetts in a plebiscite voted to support the legislation that invited a company like ours to Massachusetts. So, the table seem to be set for – the welcome mat seemed to be out. We just haven't found the welcome mat yet, but I'm the internal optimist, and I hoping it'll feel good when they stop hitting us. And I think that's my last comment today. Thanks everybody. Talk to you in 90 days.
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Sure. So, we continue to look at various iterations and the mass market clearly is taking little more of a roll out of Cotai right now than it was previously, 18 months ago, and the way the facility was designed, it's very flexible and functional. So, right now, we have a program in place for both Peninsula and Cotai that we're comfortable with.
Matthew O. Maddox - President: That's about right. And in Macau, if you notice on the mass market side, you're between $12 million to $15 million.
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Anything else? I hope that was clarified how it works. Many people don't really understand casino accounting or what handle is, and I thought it might be a good idea to slide it in.
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Sure. I just wanted to make sure that's what you asked, because Steve addressed that at the opening of the call that Las Vegas is, one month is good, and then you see June numbers come out, not so good here on the gaming side. So, Las Vegas is a grind right now, and we think we're in a good spot in our position in the business. But there's no accelerated growth going on here, in particular because of the international business.
Matthew O. Maddox - President: I think that they have a lot of very complicated legislative issues in Japan, and that the Integrated Resort Bill is not at the top of the list. It's important to the LDP, but there are things that are much more important, so I still am in the wait-and-see mode.
