Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings, Brian Gullbrants and Steve Weitman in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those segments may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure, yes. I mean, I mentioned that there were a number of factors impacting OpEx, which did increase to $4.1 million in the quarter. There were a number of one-off items added up to about $10 million in the quarter that we wanted to call-out that will be non-recurring. But in addition to that, of course, as Craig mentioned, and I added to, we did accrue for the anticipated union outcome. We also, you know, we took in Akola increased cost of living allowance increase for our non-Union employees effective 1st of July. We had the, you know, the launch of a awakening the relaunch of awakening in the program, which we're just starting to ramp in the quarter as well. And so, you know, the combination of those factors will drove up the operating expense. And yes, I can confirm, it was a $10 million onetime non-recurring item.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure maybe I'll start with maybe Craig can add if I miss anything. I'll just talk sort of more broadly for our whole Macau business. Sequentially, you’ll have seen that the OIBDA margin decreased around 90 basis points. About half of that was due to lower hold. But there was an additional $6 million of OpEx sequentially due to bad debt swing, because we could have a credit in Q2. You know, and then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think I gave you a pretty detailed list of all the non-gaming programing that we've really accelerated and started doing in the last few months with the FIBA tournament, that Davinci exhibition, the Hypercar exhibition, some DJ events and concerts and culinary events. So when you adjust for that noise, the margin improvement thing is clearly operating leverage because we held share and we were prudent with OpEx. So you know, if we think about going-forward, we're expecting margin at Palace to generally stay-in the current range, and margin at Wynn Macau to improve as business volumes come back. So there will be quarter-to-quarter variations in our events calendar as we continue to rollout programming associated with our concession commitments.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Yes. I think, David I think I run through it. And clearly, you heard the point about sequentially, we had to move-in margin was really, you know, a bunch of timing with the credit from OpEx, you know, we hold in the credit from OpEx in versus Q2. There, If you think about the way we look at it, we manage our OpEx really tightly and we, you know, we're thinking really carefully about our concession commitments and how we can program really effectively to use them, really as a marketing effort to drive that kind of brand recognition and attract customers in. You know, we've done a lot of that and that has impacted building OpEx per day-in the quarter. In the early days, I think some of those will work and some of them won't, and we're going to get a better sense of that and we'll be, you know, it's not sure about the kinds of things that we'll do. But, you know, coming back to what I said, we're expecting, you know, the margin for Wynn Palace to generally stay where it's at. And for Wynn Macau to improve with operating leverage, you know, as business volumes return. We -- the coast of coast there'll be some small movement, but we wouldn't expect it to be significant from the events calendar in Macau.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Well, thank you. Thank you, everyone. So that will now conclude the Q3 earnings call for Wynn. Thank you for your interest and we look-forward to talking to you again.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Carlo. Yes, Your observation on Wynn Palace is right. I mentioned earlier in the year. You're right, it was with the Q1 call that Wynn Palace would get back to 2019 levels. First. And if you as you said, if you annualize what we did in 3Q, it's in that in that same zone. I think Wynn Palace did normalized in 2019, something like $675 million. So when it comes to Wynn Palace, we can check the box. We've done it. In October, when the market was run rating over $28 billion, obviously, we had Golden Week, Wynn Palace normalized EBITDA per day exceeded October 2019 as you would expect. Wynn Macau, which had healthy results but lower market share in October versus 2019 for many other reasons that we've talked about on previous calls, did not exceed its October 2019 EBITDA. So it's lagging our prediction a tad. And we need to see market share stability and growth at Wynn Macau to get back to 2019 levels. The last point I would make is that our concession related non-gaming programing has picked-up. Honestly, quite a bit faster than I had anticipated earlier in the year. As Julie talked about in her prepared remarks, we've been doing some pretty amazing programing and it's generated a bit of extra OpEx that is in fact a slight headwind. Of course, in these early days we're figuring out what programing is EBITDA-positive, what's not, et cetera and we'll drop that program and that ultimately isn't. But that extra OpEx probably pushes the full EBITDA recovery at Wynn Macau back a bit, but speaks to the strength of Wynn Palace because even with that incremental OpEx, we've hit that target that talked about. At the end-of-the day, I guess, what I look at is, we've proven that we can hold share without junkets, that we have structurally better margins. And then, our business is pretty well-positioned for growth in Macau as the market continues to come back. So I feel pretty good about where we are.
Craig Billings: Yes. I think your analysis, what you just said is correct. I mean, reinvestment in that market can bounce around for us anyway. I can't really speak to the rest of the market, but it can bounce around 50 basis points, 60 basis points, 70 basis points in any given point in time, but I haven't seen anything that is irrational or substantive.
Craig Billings: Yes I would say that they are lagging slightly behind our view. Nothing -- our earlier view again view. Again, nothing, you know, nothing tragic. But the strength at Wynn Palace inclusive of the programing costs that I mentioned and the impact of that. And the work we still have to do at Wynn Macau, you know, those are the dynamics of the two properties now. And I would say that it was slightly below but again we're within line-of-sight at this point and I just not all that worried about it.
Craig Billings: Sure. The regulations are in draft form the regulations, we expect the regulations will be passed. And then what we expect that the licensing process is a two-step process. The issuance of a provisional license. And then a final license, and I would expect that that would happen soon. So it's go, it's happening. The process is moving along. You've seen that they've appointed leadership for the regulatory body there. And I think, by the way, I think that's really good for the market because it lends a lot of certainty eliminates a lot of questions that we used to get, and it creates a lot of certainty for financing sources, which allows us to move forward with the construction financing relatively quickly.
Craig Billings: Sure, I'll start and then I'll see if Brian has anything to add. I mean, that's really kind of our business. So I can't say that that we've seen anything materially different this quarter than we've seen in the past few quarters. The numbers, I mean you can look at the revenue numbers, the revenue numbers are incredibly strong. And so. we're pretty proud of what we've been able to deliver over the course of the past year. High-end international play remains a little bit of a mixed bag as it has over the course of really since the reopening from COVID. But I feel great about where our database is. We always skew towards the high-end. Brian, would you add anything to that.
Craig Billings: No. A colleague of yours has had a similar question just a couple of minutes ago. Nothing to call-out on the reinvestment side, as I said. To him, you know, Our reinvestment can bounce around 50 basis points, 60 basis points, 70 basis points at any given point in time from time-to-time, but nothing that looks -- we don't see anything that looks irrational or of course concrete trend. In terms of the mix of what is contra-revenue versus running through OpEx, you may recall that we relaunched our loyalty program earlier this year. The structure of that program allows for a lot more flexibility for the customer in terms of what it is they are choosing to be rewarded with and that can cause shifts in movements of a $1 of reinvestment between contra revenue or between OpEx but it's the same dollar. So it's really not any indication of an increase in reinvestment per se. It's really just geography, on the income statement.
Craig Billings: Yes, sure, you're right. Disruption did tail-off at the in the early portion of this quarter. There were some trailing works, including some work that was done in some of the high-end salon areas that took a little bit longer, but in the main, your statement is correct. And now, it's really the hand-to-hand combat of gaining market-share. I mean, we've done this -- we've done this before, you know, Wynn Palace opened, we were not nearly as experienced to some of our competitors in mass marketing. We got experienced very fast. And you can see obviously the results of that at Palace. And so it's really kind of every lever that you have to pull. Right. It comes down to the hosting team, it comes down to food and beverage, it comes down to some entities that you're offering. It's everything. And so, I can't tell you that there is one silver bullet. It really doing at 1 basis point at a time and that's where we're focused now.
Craig Billings: And it's too, it's really too early to say. Honestly, I didn't, when I think about everything we've done this year, and the list is extensive. I actually didn't expect it to pick-up this quickly. The team has gotten incredibly creative and incredibly resourceful in terms of what they've done. And keep in mind. We do not yet have certain tools that our competitors have like an arena or an event center. Now that's part of our plan. From a CapEx perspective. And part of our CapEx, concession commitments. And so we'll catch-up in due course. But it's really too early to say what the seasonal cadence will be because some can be done only outside of typhoon season, others can be done, year round. And it's also a little too early to say what the split will be between properties. I don't think it changes the investment thesis much. I mean you're talking about a few million dollars here and there, but it's important in terms of fulfilling our concession commitments. And honestly, it's important. If you do it right. It's important in terms of building a brand into that region, similar to what we've done in Vegas, frankly with all the program that we've done here, it's important for building your brands. And for casino marketing.
Craig Billings: Sure, Robin. I think it's a little bit all-of-the-above. You're correct in that downtown is much more skewed towards transient customers. Towards a more base mass to use the term customer. And we benefit when visitation -- we benefit there disproportionately visitation to Macau is high. And so as visitation to the market returns, which inevitably, I believe it will, we will benefit from that. Of course, we don't want to -- and that's due to any number of factors, many of which you've described. Of course, we don't want to wait for that. Right. So in the meantime, we need to be very-very focused on market share and driving operating leverage by gaining market share. But no doubt as that transient customer comes back, downtown We'll benefit disproportionately to Palace, which is already doing extremely well.
Craig Billings: Sure, others not doing it has never been a reason for us to consider. We have no problem being the first ore being a little bit of an outlier. It's really because of the mix of our business now. I mean, we are disproportionately mass now. So what we're trying to do is give a clearer view of how the assets are performing by providing a normalized number. Frankly, the same way we do in Vegas.
Craig Billings: Sure. Well, first, it is important note before I get to the crux of your question. Normalized margin historically comprises from Q2 to Q3. You can go back and see that and it's really due to the customer mix during the summer months. To your primary question. as we've said before, we really view margin as an outcome of aggressively driving revenues and diligently managing costs and outcome, not a target. So we don't forecast margin per se. On the revenue side. I think our results in Q3, speak for themselves and we will continue to make sure that we have the best offering in Vegas. On the cost side. Julie mentioned a whole bunch of factors affecting Q3 in her prepared remarks. And with respect to the labor cost increases that you referenced, we are of course looking at ways to offset some of them. And as I've said before, because of COVID, we have a playbook for every scenario out there and we know-how to run the business as efficiently as possible at any given revenue. But as always, we will focus on our service levels in our brand. And so if demand continues to be as strong as it is right now will we trim solely to claw-back. I don't have a point of margin. For example, yet damage the brand now, but if the demand picture or a pricing power changes. We will of course manage OpEx accordingly in a manner that is best for the long-ter.
Craig Billings: I guess it at a headline level, and then I'll turn it over to Brian. Think about it as international individuals and domestic group, but Brian, would you add anything to that.
Craig Billings: But importantly both properties are structurally higher than they were in 2019. So, you know, we're doing great from a margin perspective. If we can yield and I do believe we can if we can yield Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace rather rooms. Appropriately, because as you know, it's not about occupancy, it's about who is in the room. Then we could see some incremental margin expansion there, but. I wouldn't underwrite it yet. I think Wynn Macau's Wynn Palace as margin is great as it is and I would hold at that level and Wynn Macau, it's a question of operating leverage coming from volumes.
Craig Billings: Yes, I would break that into two pieces. I would say that as we bring material CapEx online like an event center or a spectacle show, those businesses will have a margin profile in and off themselves, and they will be additive to our gaming business and ultimately drive gaming customer visitation, which will be accretive to margin. But it's way too early to even talk about that even at a qualitative level, given where we are in the CapEx cycle. With respect to programing, which is what we're doing now, which is essentially more OpEx driven with the facilities that we have today. If you were able to do that without having a material impact on margin, and you saw that in Q3, where we did a reasonable amount of programing at Wynn Palace, actually. And we were still able to deliver the margin that we have shown you today.
Craig Billings: Yes, sure. So we're about -- we're always balancing some liquidity needs, right, between capital deployment growth returning capital to shareholders, et cetera. And we're in a good position to do kind of all-of-the-above right now, you just mentioned a bunch of potential uses in your question. And as you know, we restarted our dividend earlier this year. So we're really well-capitalized. And I expect that we're going to maintain extra liquidity until we see how a few things play-out. The situation in New York, macroeconomy., the yield curve, et cetera, et cetera. I would say, our bias is to even in a rising rate environment to try to stay-in a. Our free-cash flow position comparable to where we are now. We're fortunate to have a lot of long-dated fixed debt. So we have a lot of time to figure that out. And for the yield curve to potentially move before we're in a position to materially refinance. But between now and the point at which we know the fate of the license in New York, I would expect that we're going to do when the stock is mispriced, as we believe it has been. We're going to do some share repurchases. We'll manage the debt stack, consistent with what I just talked about in terms of wanting to fade some incremental interest expense. And then of course, we have capital deployment that we'll be doing to build a luxurious beautiful property in the UAE. So that's kind of where we are.
Brian Gullbrants: Yes, our team is continuing to do a great job. I think we're still continuing to steal share. We continue to expand the hosting team and everything is real positive as we look-forward.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure, I'd say F1 is really come in nicely right now for all areas of our business. We should exceed actually our all-time hotel revenue as well. Our hotel revenue record by about 50% for the three day period. And as Craig mentioned, the gaming revenue and credits, looking quite promising. Some of the best we've ever seen. So I think, we're looking-forward to an exciting and exceptional race week here at Wynn.
Brian Gullbrants: No, I agree with you, Craig. I think on the casino side, we're going to see a very similar overlap. But on the transient side, we're going to see heavy domestic. We're really looking-forward to it. And already getting quite a bit of interest with one heck of a waiting list on the corporate side. I think we'll even do stronger. There's a tremendous amount of demand on the corporate group side for hospitality entertaining at the highest-level and our specialty here at Wynn, so I think, it'll pair very well for Super Bowl. So we're looking-forward to two successful weekends.
