Stephen A. Wynn: Sure. First of all, as I say, we start construction this week, which we call hard construction as opposed to site work. The foundation of Cotai -- having dried out the property which took quite a bit of time and $30 million, the next phase now is the creation of the foundation. It's a landfill, as you know. And to give you an example, if you like trivia, the caissons that support the high-rise building, they're every 40 feet going sideways. And they are 4 across the tower, one on each window wall and then 2 inside the building. So these caissons are 10 feet in diameter and because -- and we have to hit bedrock. And those caissons are columns of concrete reinforced with rebar in a steel casing. And they go down in our high-rise at a minimum of 78 meters and at a maximum of 92 meters, to give you an idea how deep these holes are. The public area -- the 3 levels of public area and the podium building are supported by piles, which are basically either steel or concrete-reinforced columns that are nails, that are pounded into the ground 5 or 6 at a time, brought together as if you put your fingers on the table, spreading your fingers, the top of your hand would be the pile cap. And then we drive all these piles. And we put a cap on top of them, and we rest the garage and the public areas on top of them. That process of getting out of the ground and building the one layer of subterranean parking is going to take close to 1 year. Once we get into that phase at the end of '13, then we go up with the high-rise and the rest of the building at a remarkably rapid pace. And we do more than one floor a week and go up 20-odd floors to full height. So it goes very fast. The trick is getting out of the ground, and that will take most of '13. And then '14 and '15, we'll finish the job and get that structures and the interiors installed. So the labor situation for this phase has been handled already. As you know, we're financed at less than 2% for this project and we were this past summer. And finally, the government has been very cooperative in giving us the labor we need to do the next phase of our construction. So I think that the government -- you've noticed, many of you, the rather slow progress of the approval process. That has been a process controlled by the government, specifically, to meet the scale of labor that's needed. And so the government, in controlling the approval process, has taken into account the kinds of labor approvals they're going to have to give us. And they've done it efficiently and correctly and cooperatively. So I don't see a labor problem in our future. We've never had one in the past, I might add. In spite of some of the publicity that surrounded other projects, we've never had to struggle with labor. We've been able to get the help we need for our construction companies and for our subs. And our buildings have pretty much proceeded on schedule. We have no reason to think that this one's going to be any different. I hope, Mr. Kelley, that's a satisfying answer.
Stephen A. Wynn: I think there are one or -- my answer would be, no, with 1 or 2 exceptions. I have, for the past 10 or 15 years, relished the idea of having a new hotel in London. That city is probably one of the greatest places in the world for average daily rate. And it's a city with, as you know, with highly protected historical landmark buildings. It's very difficult to get a site in London that you can demolish and build anew. If I had the chance in Mayfair or in the right location in London to build a hotel, I think I'd love to do it. Of course, you can always apply for a gaming license and put a small room of baccarat and roulette tables in there, which would be fringe or icing on the cake. But I'd say that London is a great hotel town. New York City is a whole story unto itself. I'm not sure if I'm as clear on New York as in the non-casino sense as I would be in a place like London. But generally speaking, you know we're in this business, Mr. Kelley, and that's pretty much where I want to stay. We understand this part of it. And what I really love about the gaming aspect is that the gaming room, however subordinate may be, is still -- the revenue from such a room is still the thing that allows us to light up the city, bring people and build a new hotel, bring people in from outside the area. In Philadelphia, they have a group of casinos, for example. Some of them are owned by friends of mine. But basically, they're boxes of slots. They have a high tax rate for slot machines in Pennsylvania. But they have a much more reasonable tax rate for table games. Table game business is not a big deal in that city at the moment. As you know, many of those places were built before they allowed table games. But our hotel is conceived as a hotel. We'll be able to bring people from outside the region, who will come for conventions or other reasons to Philadelphia, to stay in our hotel. And because I have beautiful rooms, I can put a table player in there and take advantage of a preferential tax rate and get table business. On the Acela train, it's 66 minutes from Penn Station to 30th Street Station. And we're 10 minutes away from 30th Street Station. If you think about that for a minute, Philadelphia takes on a little different color. And speaking as a Philadelphian, as far as my 4 years of school at the University, I think that's a good idea. We had this fabulous, 70-acre site on the Delaware River, and there's a brand-new $0.75 billion interchange on I-95 that dumps directly across the street into our property. It's a very, very desirable, provocative situation. And that would be done at about the same time our hotel is done. I like that set up. But it is a casino hotel at the end of the day. It's an integrated destination as supposed to slots in a box.
Stephen A. Wynn: It's a good question. Take a place like Philadelphia, you spend $800 million or $900 million or $1 billion. You borrow 6 -- you borrow $650 million at great rates today. Good idea to borrow money at these rates. And you put up $300 million or $400 million in equity, and you make $175 million. We can't get a return on equity like that. And if you can get that kind of a return on equity, you ought to keep building those hotels. It lays a base of a long-term franchise. These -- once you get one of these hotels that's up and running and established, their future is better than their past. Tomorrow is better than today, and the day after tomorrow is better. That's the whole point of this. I don't trust slots in a box. That's why I've never done a riverboat or a racino. Not our business, not interested. But a hotel, a place that has the full range of services that people learn to like, and even people that don't gamble who live in the city go to dinner. We get tremendous average rates in our restaurants. We make money with our restaurants. There's nothing wrong with that in cities like Philadelphia and Boston, with all those kids in college, all those people visiting Boston from around the world. I love the Boston market. I think it's a terrific opportunity for our company to make a great contribution to the touristic profile of those cities, bringing people from outside the region into the region and creating places for the people who live in the city that are fun to go, week in and week out, even if they're not hooked on a slot machine or a gambling game of some kind. And these kinds of things -- these values would apply to any major urban center, like Toronto, like Dallas, Houston, Atlanta, Chicago. We could be a very good neighbor in those cities. We could make a significant contribution to the tourism, the employment and the revenues that those governments enjoy with our brand. And whenever possible, we'll take our story to those cities. We'll put our cards on the table. We'll present a project that's appropriately designed with as much excitement and originality as we can muster and hope that we get picked. These processes -- very often, these processes are political in nature and factors come to bear that are not things within our own control. But I'm always excited and anxious to put our cards on the table, make our presentation and hope that we'll get accepted for who we are. But we avoid hyperbole. We avoid -- last week, I got a phone call in my office. It was on a weekend. And I was in Sun Valley, Idaho. And my secretary said, "Tomorrow, will you please accept a call at a fixed time from the president of Forbes Five-Star rating service?" I said, "Sure." I got on the phone with this wonderful man, he said, "Mr. Wynn, I wanted to give you the good news in person before we release it publicly. But we've just added Encore Macau, the hotel and the spa, each with a Five-Star rating. One of the only 4 Five-Stars in China was held by Wynn Hotel and Wynn Macau Spa. And now you have 2 hotels in Macau, both of which have received Five-Star ratings in the hotel and in the spa. You enjoy Five-Star ratings in Wynn Las Vegas with your spa and your Tower Suites. And now you've also got Five-Stars in Encore Las Vegas and Encore Spa. That means that you've got 4 hotels, each with Five-Star ratings in 2 locations. That gives you 40 stars." And to use his words precisely, "That's the most on the globe." Well, I said, "I'm sure excited to get this phone call to have all those Five-Star ratings complete across the board. They're very important to us. They tell the public who we are. They're consistent with our aspirations and our brand. And thank you very much for the phone call." That was this past week. That's where we're going. It's a little slower, a little more meticulous. But it builds a base on which this company can enjoy a franchise and longevity.
Stephen A. Wynn: And we're having a very healthy January in Macau. Even though last year, Chinese New Year was in January, we're beating last year. And without Chinese New Year, we're going to have $100 million month. I guess, I'm given some advanced notice. We're going to have, I think, $100 million month in Macau this month.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, here's the space that we re-purposed. To give you an idea what -- about the vitality of the Chinese market, you'll all get a kick out of this. We had 2,000 square feet. We had a very big coffee shop and buffet. It was too big for what we needed. So the front of it, which is adjacent to the lobby and across Louis Vuitton, was 2,000 feet that we could -- it was easily -- the coffee shop was separated into 2 chambers. One that opened onto the pool and had a buffet, and the one on the front opened up onto the shopping arcade. So we took the front part, the 2,000 square feet, and we said, "Okay, we're going to turn it into retail." 2,000 feet. I made a deal with Prada, and they paid for 2,000 feet. Dig this: $6 million a year, $500,000 a month for 2,000 feet. Welcome to Macau.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, the hotel is 5 years old -- it's 6 years old. It's time, as we did in Las Vegas, to do the refurbishment. And we're going to follow the plan, the decorating, because the hotel at the Wynn Macau is the same-size room as Wynn Las Vegas. We're going to use the scheme that we have here and it has been well received in town here. We upgraded our interiors and made the rooms much more beautiful on the second time around, even better than they were when we opened, which was great. And we're going to use that decor and that scheme in Macau. And that's going to come up now.
Stephen A. Wynn: This question was asked of us in previous calls last -- in 2012. And the suggestion was made that China was precipitous on the edge of an adjustment. Some words were even as strong as collapse. And we said that based upon our conversations with our clientele, which represented a broad range of businessmen from every part of China, that we didn't feel that. We didn't think that was going to happen. And we thought that the central government was alert, responsive and responsible. That's been a pattern for the past 12 years, as far as I've been able to perceive in China. And so we were positive in the face of questions that had negative implications. Now you see a robust growth rate in the Macau market, and people are talking about China differently. Nothing's changed. Just the conversation changed. We didn't see a problem before. And I don't feel one, at least on the level that we operate. We don't feel that there's a problem now. We feel the sense -- I speak to Mr. Adelson, and I speak to Jim Murren, and we all sort of agreed that the news in China is healthy. The news in Asia is healthy and most likely to continue. So that's the kind of feedback we're getting. I'd be happy to share anything else, if I had it, with you. But I -- there's a possibility that I'm being a Pollyanna and that my exposure is limited, so that I don't get a big enough picture. But on my board in China are a couple of very, very well-connected, very sophisticated men. Allan Zeman is building projects in 5 major cities. He's the Vice Chairman of the Macau Board, from Chengdu to Guangzhou to outside Singapore with Jeffrey Katzenberg and Steve Spielberg, and in 4 other cities. And he spoke to me the other day, it was my birthday, and he gave me a call. And he was breathless with the expansion and the excitement in the cities of China that he himself was experiencing with his business, city by city, party secretary by party secretary and mayor by mayor. Allan was glowing. Bruce Rockowitz is the President of Li & Fung, the largest sourcing company in the world. He has been named on Baron's Magazine as one of the 30 Best CEOs in the World. Bruce Rockowitz is on my board. Jeffrey Lam and Nick Sallnow-Smith, they have been in government, the President of Hongkong Land. Nick and Jeffrey say the same thing to me, so I don't think that I've got blinders on or that I'm stuck in a corner somewhere. But I don't claim to be a macroeconomist. But I haven't heard any predictions of doom or big, cloudy forecasts that I read about in the United States last year. And I think, today, though some of those clouds have gone away, people have a more accurate view. One of the problems we have in the United States is, generally speaking, even among sophisticated segments of the population, the understanding of modern China -- of the People's Republic of China, is way, way behind the curve. China has progressed politically and economically, commercially, far beyond where people are giving them credit for today. It's a very sophisticated place and as near as I can tell, very well led by the government. They tend to be practical. They spent -- they tend to be very empirical and alert and quickly, quickly responsive. Maybe it's the advantage of their form of government, and -- but it's clearly the case. I hope that's helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: Murder tough. Oh, those guys have blood in their eye. I mean, how would you like to compete with Francis Lui and Packer and the Hos and Sheldon Adelson. I mean, these are tough guys. And they are paying attention to business. I don't know about anything else. I got to tell you that the guys in the gaming industry in Asia are triple sharp. They haven't missed a trick. I was listening to Sheldon's call yesterday. I mean, you don't get numbers like that unless you're on your game. And it's true of Galaxy. Those companies are not American. Maybe we don't have as much visibility as we should, but I have an awful clear sense. The Lui family and Francis Lui that runs the family's business, he has brothers that run their business in San Francisco in the United States. The father is one of the leading property men in Hong Kong. That whole family controls Galaxy and they are on their game. I think the competition -- it's very, very tough, but it's very healthy. I told you that Marc Schorr comes home and says, "Uh-oh. We're $1 short and a day late on the high-limit slot room. We got to kick it." We don't get to talk about that for months or ignore it. We have to respond now on the spot, no kidding around, and we've got to bring our best game to the table. So I like it that way to tell you the truth. We've had a long history of being in competitive environments. Fremont Street, we made more money than all the other places put together. Atlantic City, we made more money the first quarter we were open there than the other 4 places combined. The Strip, we've always had the best hotel on the Strip in Las Vegas. We broke -- the largest win in the history of Nevada after Caesars Palace was Mirage, its first year. It broke the $400 million level. Then the first year of Bellagio broke the $600 million level of gaming revenue. In 2007, we broke the $700 million level at $724 million in Wynn. Last year, we broke the record again at $770 million for the history of gaming in Nevada with $770 million with Wynn and Encore. And we did it again this year at $766 million or something like that. Better than last year, if you adjust for whole percentage. So in each case, we've always functioned in very competitive environments and our competitors have lifted our game. They forced us to really reach. That's a healthy thing for the communities, such as Atlantic City or Las Vegas or Macau. It's a healthy thing. What's not healthy are monopolies. Monopolies cause people to be slobs. They don't pay attention to business. They take everything for granted, their employees, their customers. And that's unhealthy. It doesn't lead to a better future. That's not the story in Macau today. Macau is on the move. And as good as it looks, it's going to get better with these projects that are under construction and that have come online. You haven't felt the full impact of some of the places that have just been opened in Macau. We haven't felt the full impact of the efforts of Adelson, his company, the Sands. We haven't felt the full impact of Galaxy. We sure as hell haven't felt the full impact of Wynn yet. So the future looks pretty good to me.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're the first stop in Cotai from the ferry terminal and the airport. And the stop is right in the middle of the lake that we're building, that's roughly the size of Bellagio. And at the bottom of the escalator from that monorail, from that light rail system, we have put a Doppelmayr gondola car that has music and air-conditioning. And the people get in the gondolas and they go around the fountains into the hotel, looking at the fountains and looking down at our pool area, while the music plays and the fountains dance. We are meeting, in many, many new ways, the challenge of our neighbors and hoping to get the folks that are in the other hotels to also experience our own. And all of this is such a great fun.
Stephen A. Wynn: Incidentally, in anticipation of the worldwide issue with secondary smoke, all of our junket rooms in our Wynn Club, our highest part of our gambling in Macau, are rooms that overlook on our lake and our fountains and each of them has exterior terraces for dining and smoking outside. That ability for all of our junket rooms to have exterior smoking terraces and restaurants that are indoor or outdoor dining, that's a new wrinkle that we put into -- I'm just touching a few of the points. That's a new wrinkle we've put into Cotai, that all of our high-limit games are waterfront. All of them. A lot of fun there, if you think about it, both in being a spectator to the music and the excitement and the lighting system that's all new. It really isn't like Bellagio. It's far more advanced. But coupled with the fact that you could be outside watching it, and while you're outside on the terrace, having a cigarette or having coffee. If you look up over the fountains, you'll see the people arriving in gondola cars, cruising by, looking down at the same thing that they're looking at before they enter the building and take the escalator into our shopping arcade. So this business of smoking is something that isn't going to go away, nor should it, in my view. I think that, despite the fact that I smoke cigars on occasions, I think that for people who don't smoke and the evidence about secondary smoke clearly indicates that governments are going to be more and more fastidious about trying to deal with this subject.
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh, the tables. Will we get our tables for our hotels? Yes, we will. Our plans, our tables, our casino layout has been approved by the government. They don't let you build the building and not give you tables in China. That's part of the approval process. They look at the whole picture, and then they take that into account. Thanks, everybody. That's the end of the questioning. We look forward talking to you next time.
Ian Michael Coughlan: So the new junket space on the first floor has been performing very well, but if -- tables that have resulted from a reshuffling of tables elsewhere in the building. So it isn't necessarily 14 incremental tables. It's 14 tables that we're getting higher yield out of by removing tables from elsewhere in the property. So it's part of our continuing efforts to increase yield from our existing gaming units.
Ian Michael Coughlan: The big focus that we have being 6 years old and being almost at capacity in terms of the facility is the enhancement of service quality and the maintenance of the facility and the reinvestment in the facility, which, I think, now that everybody's revealed their new junket rooms, their new mass market, high-limit areas, it's going to come down to service quality and delivery. So that's going to be the tone of 2013. We certainly had efficiencies in FTEs, which are down fairly considerably on the same quarter last year, but none of it has been at the expense of service. It's been through some very good technological improvements in our gaming systems. It's understanding our business better, and we will never sacrifice service. But we will continue to look at how we can improve margins.
Ian Michael Coughlan: It's being done in 3 phases so we don't impact our current business levels. So phase 1 has just completed; phase 2 will begin after Chinese New Year and finish in mid-April; and phase 3, which includes the addition of private slots suites, will finish in August of this year.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Just a couple of factors in Macau, Steve, that are also being slightly overlooked. One is that, for at least the next 24 months, there is no further casino spaces opening. So everybody has time to stabilize, understand the market better while it's still growing. The second thing is the development of infrastructure in Macau. It's going to be completely transformed in terms of the arrival experience for customers, their ability to get around town. In the next 4 years, it will be remarkable what's happening here with new ferry terminals, connectivity via bridge to Hong Kong. We've got high-speed train connectivity into Zhuhai. And we've got our light rail system, which is being built all around town right now, the phase 1, which tackles 2 sides of our property in Cotai. So the city is going to be transformed.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Sure. On the 1st of January, the new smoking law came into play, which bans smoking in 50% of the square footage of casino space in the city. Frankly, looking at the numbers, anecdotal evidence, consumer feedback, it's been very marginal in terms of effect to the business. We haven't seen anything at this point that makes us unduly concerned. We've worked very closely with the government as have our competitors to make sure it was a smooth a process as possible. And the Chinese consumers seem to be readily accepting of the fact that we have dedicated smoking zones, and they've received this fairly well. Clearly, for employees, it's been a huge boost for them.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Robin, the January growth has been balanced throughout all segments. So it wasn't heavily weighted to VIP any more than it normally is. So we've had healthy growth in all sectors.
