Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. With me in Las Vegas is Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden, Ciaran Carruthers. Also on the line are our colleagues in Macau, Las Vegas and Boston. Just a reminder for today, we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor securities law and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Wynn.
Craig Billings: All right, the direct hold was low and the junket hold was high. So when you look at it, there really was no hold impact on the Peninsula.
Craig Billings: Steve, there was one of the gift we gave Ciaran when he joined us in January. We added some tables to Wynn Macau. We had it over-steered a bit in terms of table movement. And now we've calibrated both properties for optimum efficiency and that's certainly help the quarter at Wynn Macau in the mass side.
Craig Billings: There is a general sentiment in the market at among the junket operators that they are managing to collect on debt that's owed to them and they're able to put it back into the market.
Stephen Wynn: This idea, if you build it they'll come, has been something that I've done for the past 40 odd years. But I've never had an opportunity that was so rich in options in my entire career in Las Vegas. This golf course and this lagoon and the beach-run property, every time we turn around someone else comes to see us to do something else with it or to buy a piece or to rent a piece or to do a JV. And it's been very exciting. So I say, well, before I build my idea of a thing to go on that section, let's put it out there, let's feel it, let's live with it for a while, let's give everybody a chance to appreciate how dynamic this location is and how powerful the opportunity is. Maybe we miss something. Every once in a while, when you're a wide-eyed developer like myself, and my colleagues, it's good to take a beat and so we did.
Stephen Wynn: I have a picture - I have an opinion on that. And of course, it's just my opinion. But I've said in these calls in the past that it would be a mistake to misunderstand the primary underlying driver of the Chinese economy. It is a massive thing and when you say that as I have in the past that we have a very positive and bullish look forward into our long-term position in Macau, at some point the long-term vision and the short-term begin to meld as they are now. The suppression of the VIP market was something that was the result organically of a process that the administration of President Xi Jinping thought was appropriate for the country, the elimination of corruption. And it had secondary effects on high-end products like shopping, and automobiles, and gaming was part of that. But having made a corrective move in China there comes a point when the corrective move, it sort of finishes. And although corruption is still a major item in the PRC, the initial impact has softened, because so much of the work that they thought had to be done, was done. And so people begin to return to normal spending habits, and they are not so strongly influenced by public policy issues that involve public officials. So the people are settling back into routines that they're comfortable with, and that includes going to Macau and buying a new car or shopping at Louis Vuitton. And we've always been part of that cycle, and it wasn't going to be permanent, and we've said that before. Long-term strength of the Chinese concession is one of the most precious assets in modern day. And we are just been seeing it. And another thing, they limited the expansion of Macau in a number of ways. First, by the real estate that is available. The last hotels to be built are being built at the moment, SJM and MGM and that little sort of [squired project was Louis the XIV] [ph] or something, the guy with the red Rolls Royce's building on Colovon [ph], so the little boutique place. That's it. The new tower, the rooms that were added at City of Dreams is coming into the season. And then that's it, the door sort of closes on more supply. And then we are just left with the enormous demand of China. And that's sort of coming into play now again. And I think you can see it continue. That's my opinion.
Stephen Wynn: Love the Raiders coming. And I even spoke before the joint session of the senate and the assembly in Carson City, along with Jim Murren and the folks from Harris were there. We are very, very happy. This was whipped cream and cherry on the cake, I mean, getting professional sports into Las Vegas is a perfect thing. I spent Easter on vacation at the Bahamas. And one of my guests with me was Dan Snyder that owns the Redskins. And while, I was there at Baker's Bay, Robert Kraft was onboard, and so is Steve Bisciotti that owns the Ravens. And we were all talking about how certain the owners were - we had 31 out of 32 votes to move the team here, how certain everybody is that NFL games in Las Vegas are going to light it up. Super Bowl without the game actually here is as big as New Year practically in this town. Now, when we have these home games or exhibition games in the city, and we will have a stadium big enough for Super Bowl, and the Super Bowl will be here, more than once, this place will go bonkers. And speaking for our own hotel, we figure to get a big share at the top end of that business. So we believe that it's a tremendous impact of the football team to the strip first of all regardless of where the stadium is built. And I think that I know where it's going to be built. Mark has an auction on piece of property just on the other side of I-15, just opposite Mandalay Bay actually of Russell Road is a site that he is auctioned. That may or may not be the final location for this big installation. But I suspect we are going to have football here in 2020. And I can't wait for it to happen. What it's impact will be on my development of the golf course is another story. We are building the golf course to power up our existing assets and to allow us to expand in non-casino ways, the power of Las Vegas. I want to repeat once again that a casino is a passive place, every slot machine and roulette table in the world is identical to every other. What drives people, what moves people are the non-casino directions. And that's why in spite of the fact that we've had the most financially successful casino in the world other than Singapore and Macau, right up until today, never in my company's history and that includes Mirage Resorts, Palazzo, Mirage all the rest of them, Atlantic City, Biloxi or downtown Las Vegas, the casino revenue has never been equal to 50% of the revenue it's always been less. And lately, it's almost two to one. So what moves people are the adventures of a vacation, great service and choice of activities. The development of golf course is a direct aim at that mentality. And the football team is just like adding into a symphonic orchestra the strings and percussion. So we got T-Mobile Arena that MGM and Phil Anschutz built, AEG. My guess is we'll end up with an NBA team before this is over. We've got a hockey team. You fast-forward 36 months or so, and Las Vegas is I believe will be a sports capital how about that.
Stephen Wynn: Now, with 160,000 rooms where is it better than here for that sort of thing. And everybody wants to come here anyway from every city and other countries. And we'll use that football stadium for soccer before it's over or my name isn't Steve. So I think that recent developments portend very positively for Las Vegas.
Stephen Wynn: Can I add something to this. If those of you on the call have been there, if you can visualize the physical layout, our benefit downtown has been at the Wynn Macau that we were in a cross flow of the people from the surrounding casinos both SJM's place, the Arc, MGM, and one on the corner Star World. In Macau, we were on opening day in August at the end - the east end of Macau - of the Cotai. When we get through with next six to 10 months, we are in the middle of SJM, MGM, and surrounded by the light rail, the monorail. So now, we get this brand new center of energy called Cotai East, for lack of a better term. That has a tremendous impact on our walk-in mass business. Not only do we not enjoy this at the moment, but we are blocked on our west side by barricades, and construction as I mentioned so many times before. But understand, that when it finishes we are in the middle again. And that's why the Peninsula hotel has always had such a terrific mass business, because they walk across the street and boom. I mean, when SJM opens their 2,400 rooms, we are literally across the street from them, and across the street from MGM, and across the street from the new tower at City of Dreams. And all of that connectivity comes to bear as we move forward in the quarters ahead. Lot of things that mature, that we thought they would be done by the time we were done. I literally thought we are going to be last at one point. And of course it turns out we were first not only with the transportation, but the existing hotels in our neighborhood. So it's been a challenge to deal with that handicap. But that comes to an end here, pretty soon. And then it swings the other way rather dramatically, and we've got extra real estate to build more rooms. And we will add to our room total, because we know that we can fill them at a good rate.
Stephen Wynn: We don't based upon our conversations with the government and our perception of things they've said to other people. We do not see any negative impact by central government or Macau government activity matter of fact we see quite the opposite support and encouragement.
Stephen Wynn: At the end of the day, it's about people, isn't it? And we are constantly strengthening the human resource side of this company, and under Ian's leadership, we've done so on number of levels. Now the way it works over there. If somebody that we admire and is willing to come to work for us, and we can't do a meeting of mind. And if they are in the market they have to give notice, and then they have this sit-out, cool-off period that's imposed by the laws of Macau. So some of these people that are coming to us, have had - their arrival has been stunted by the law. On June 1, we get another tranche of some of our new recruits and they are in training outside of Macau to join our company, and to pick up on our culture. But have a steady program of muscling up, marketing, food and beverage, casino and hotels. One of the men that's coming to us is a five star executive, he starts on June 1. Tony is coming from the Bangkok hotel, where he got the five star, he is joining us. Our new food and beverage, Vice President is finishing his cooling off period as well as several other people. And I'm not quite sure how public I should get while they're in the cooling off period. But I will tell you that come June 1, we power up even more our executive leadership of the company.
Stephen Wynn: And as you can see everybody, this old business of the amount of tables was overrated. It's a thing, I said in August, and you can see that it's not up the amount of tables, it's who's at them the matters, and how long they stay that's the game we are in, not the gross amount of tables. We've never been the biggest at anything, we've always been the one that captures the quality end of the market, and those are the kind of buildings, we build and those are the kind of people we hire. That are join together, because of a common desire to be part of high quality operation.
Stephen Wynn: We will be constantly adding and developing a convention of the market, especially the part where the money is, which is the catering and meeting room and banquet business as opposed to the exhibit space itself. For that we're right across the street in the sands. We're right across the street from the Las Vegas Convention Bureau, both of these entities are aggressive, and we are in the crossfire, so we love it. And we are feeling good about our Asian business as things improved in China, we've always been the principal beneficiary of Asian baccarat relentlessness in Las Vegas. Even before we open the Mirage and the best Chinese business, then Bellagio at the best part for our business, and then when and on core at the best baccarat business. And we feel almost just quickly as they're doing Macau, we feel that here in Las Vegas. Up until including last night and this morning, where baccarat numbers, and given shift are $2 million stuff like that. This place gives that business every week, and it's pretty cool, and also we enjoyed that. You may ask yourself, why would Asian people, with so many casinos in their home territory fly 15 hours to Las Vegas, and stay at a place like Bellagio or the The Venetian. It's because of the choices you have here, it's because of the non-casino venue that gets back to football team to basketball, hockey and conventions and shopping, restaurants. This place, this town is a real safe bet. We ask our [Technical Difficulty], we say is anybody on the Board of Directors believe that Las Vegas would not in the next 15 to 20 years be one of the major destination tour cities in the world. And no one has ever answered to that question. And that's what we feel so good about our real estate and our opportunities here. And then we are going to open this place in Boston in two dozen months. And we are going to have a case study of how grand hotel in the major metropolitan city can change the neighborhood for the better. And be the largest private investment in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the second largest employer in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts behind Mass General Hospital. So I like the direction we are in, and I'm feeling comfortable about the pace of our growth. And I don't feel like anybody is after us. We're moving along exactly the way we should be. And my colleagues joined me in that conference.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, I mean, we've never been in a city where the per cap income is as high as this, not to mention non-stop air service from every single capital in the world to Logan Airport, including Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai, Geneva, London, Mexico City, Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro, Tokyo, Seoul, non-stop service to Boston on a daily basis. And we've never been in a city where we're 12 minutes away, where our hotel is 12 minutes away from an international airport with non-stop service from every capital on earth, the first time for us. We've always had to go get the folks in LA and fly them over here in one of our jets, but not this time. We're 12 minutes from Logan Airport. I was there last week. And that's how long it took me to get there. And we're 12 minutes from Boston Garden. We're in Everett, which is its own city, with its own Mayor, a wonderful fellow and a wonderful city council. But we are surrounded like an island by Boston and its suburbs. And on the edge of our property, if you take three steps to the right you're in Boston. You take three steps to the left you're in Everett. And that's on three sites. So we're an island in that metropolitan area, and happy to be there. So it was coincidence. It was a coincidence.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, I think - I don't think that - I don't want to give people false expectations or anything like that, so I think we'll be off that little concern. But it was throughout.
Stephen Wynn: It's such a good question. I'm going to ask some of the junket of that, [I didn't thought to ask them] [ph].
Stephen Wynn: Well, thank you very much everybody. Talk to you again in 90 days or so. Appreciate your interest. Have a nice week. Bye.
Ian Coughlan: This is Ian in Macau. We've had some favorable collection of credit. And it certainly seems to be tied in with the stronger credit market in general and it has benefited for us for a number of quarters.
Ian Coughlan: This is Ian. So looking at the premium mass portion at Wynn Macau it was really post opening of Wynn Palace about maintaining service levels and keeping the stickiness of the customers that we had downtown. And we've been very successful and doing that. And over at the Palace it was about continuing that slow steady build of premium mass players from a quite distinct market. And I have to say on both accounts it's being successful. The ramp-up period of Wynn Palace is not as quick as we'd like it to be. But it's been very steady. There is momentum. And on the premium mass side we continue to build new players for Wynn Palace. And as each weekend and each holiday period goes by, we pick up more people. We've done a lot of internal building of key host for the marketplace. And we are out there hunting for players and making them happy and keeping them.
Ian Coughlan: As referred to on previous calls, Cotai is more heavily promotionally driven. And we are in that game and we are competing with everybody else. We are not doing anything untoward. We are not changing the dynamics of the market. We are just competing fairly, and we've got the nicest probably in Cotai. Similarly, downtown we still command the Peninsula, so we're delivering on our promise both properties are in great condition, and the player council building.
Ian Coughlan: We've got 700 more keys at Wynn Palace, and the waiting of casino rooms versus cash rooms is a lot lower than it is on the Peninsula. Downtown on the Peninsula it's been virtually impossible for 10 years to get a room in Wynn Macau, because it's been so heavily casino driven. Cotai is a slightly different market, but we have lots of room to grow casino customers and continue to hold high occupancy at Wynn Palace. We've lifted occupancy at Wynn Palace from the low-70s in the third quarter to mid-90s in the first quarter of 2017. And there is quite a lot of activity in tour and travelling cash business, but we have lots of rooms with casino market. So as we gain momentum and continue to ramp up those rooms, we'll got to mid-tier and premium mass customers.
Ian Coughlan: No, I don't think so. We're usually - it's too early right now to be talking about the second quarter.
Ian Coughlan: Yes, business has been growing in all segments, non-gaming and gaming. It hasn't been outstanding in one particular area.
Ian Coughlan: With the type of product that we provide and service in the marketplace lends itself to being very attractive to junkets. An interesting stat is that, when Macau and Wynn Palace combine junket volume was 2.5 times our junket volume for the 60 days prior to the opening of Wynn Palace. So we are very attractive to junket operators. There are types of players. Our direct program continues to grow between the two properties. And in addition to being a great place for mass players, Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau lead in terms of VIP service and quality.
Ian Coughlan: So we certainly - we've seen junkets that have been quieter, rebuild a lot of their business. Ciaran referred to one junket that's grown from two tables to ten. We also - that's downtown Macau. At Wynn Palace, we have a new very strong junket starting in a couple of days. So there's continued interest from existing junkets and want to grow their business.
Ciaran Carruthers: We're seeing - we are very cautiously optimistic in terms of how the business in the VIP side is going on moving forward. We've obviously seen some good growth over the last quarter, quarter-and-a-half. Initial, early signs are out that that's going to be sustainable in the short period. For how long that can be sustained really is too early to tell. I'd like to see another quarter or two of some good solid growth. The upside of course is that with properties like ours we obviously benefit the most in the marketplace being that preeminent product for service and luxury. So as that new liquidity enters into the marketplace the premium master rates in junkets, we benefit more so them anybody else. So cautiously optimistic, but I think a little bit too early to call as a long-term sustainable story...
Ciaran Carruthers: We are seeing some new ones, but we are seeing a lot of the old players come back to us as well. We are seeing some old faces that are coming back into the marketplace. We've seeing some junkets that have been fairly stays over the last 18 months, 24 months, start to rebuild. We recently had a junket at Wynn Macau during this quarter.
Ciaran Carruthers: That's right. At Wynn Macau, this junket went from two tables to ten tables. About six weeks ago, when they have been very solid through that period, they continued to show good strength. So again, early indications are positive, but cautiously optimistic looking forward.
Ciaran Carruthers: Into that point, if I can add, across all of our business segments through the first quarter, we had our average daily volumes exceeded the period and it may lead up to Wynn Palace Ultimum [ph]. So we've been able to regain - not only regain the business that we may have lost through Palace Ultimum, we've grown on that as well as the market is lifted.
Ciaran Carruthers: And when that happens, as soon as we straighten out the concession business, we'll add several thousand rooms to Cotai.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So we've been monitoring Japan for the last decade pretty carefully. And for us right now this is actually a really exciting time. It seems like all the right people and corporations are now focused on moving the IR implementation go forward in the next 12 months. And the Wynn focus on quality, and what we do we think fits quite well with what Japan is looking for. So we are ramping up our efforts and really excited about the opportunity.
Matt Maddox: Shaun, it's Matt. One thing I think you'll appreciate is we're generating about $8.5 million of VIP revenue a day between the two properties, which is similar to the 2014, 2015 levels with less than half of the advances. So this is not a credit driven liquidity revenue like we've seen in the past. It feels very healthy.
Matt Maddox: You know what I would say is, when you talk to the junket operators they'll tell you their liquidity is much better. And what that means is they're collecting more of their debts than they were in the past on top of raising additional funds. So they're not getting the liquidity from the operators. They're getting it from better collections and from outside investors. So I think that's a good indication that the health of the junket market is much better than it was.
