Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings, Brian Gullbrants, and Steve Whiteman [ph] in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Yes, you're correct, Shaun. We did talk to our OpEx per day in Q4 with $2 million, which was down from $2.4 million the year prior. We worked really hard last year to preserve cash and to manage OpEx down while we were closed. So obviously, that's not representative of how things will be necessarily moving forward. As you know, we're fully open now and staffing full time in different F&B outlets and so on. So, where that shakes out in terms of margin, it's really going to depend on the mix of business that comes back in that market. It's pretty much the same answer we give when we're asked about margin in Vegas. It's very much mix dependent. And we don't manage our business on margin. That's really the outcome. We manage to our brand, and we staff accordingly. And we're very tight in terms of staffing. We're very focused on doing that appropriately, and we're very focused on -- but we're very, very focused on our service delivery centers as well.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. So, I think just taking a step back, if you think about our total commitment when we put through our concession proposal, we've committed to $2.2 billion over 10 years. And that's -- obviously, that's a mix of CapEx and OpEx. But we're very focused on getting the CapEx done as quickly as possible so that we can start to drive strong returns from it. The limiting factor is really the approval that we need locally to break ground and build anything. So, it's really not in our hands. That's why we've given such a wide range because from our perspective, we're pacing towards getting through our D&D and designing everything, but we have to go through government approvals for anything that's construction related. So, the range we gave was $50 million to $220 million.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Okay. Well, with that, we'll now close the call. Thank you all for your time today and your support of Wynn Resorts. We look forward to updating you very soon.
Craig Billings: Yes. There was some junket activity over the course of Chinese New Year. Obviously, the situation has changed a lot from the pre-COVID period. I think it's actually a little bit too early to call out what role the gaming promoters and the junkets will play in the market, but there certainly was some activity.
Craig Billings: I think it's -- Joe, I think it's way too early to be talking about percentages given the market really just fully reopened on January 8th, so really a month now. We certainly are seeing former junket customers migrate into both, premium mass and into direct. Remember, direct is tricky because there you're talking about credit extension. And so you have to be quite prudent in how you manage the direct business. But unfortunately, it's just a little too early. What I would say is volumes came back, volumes came back strong. The narrative that we're VIP focused, I think, proves to be pretty false. We competed very strongly during the Chinese New Year period, and we're incredibly proud of the results that we had.
Craig Billings: And I would just add, it's primarily a mass mix now. So, you're going to have -- that's inherently higher margin. And a portion of the cost savings that we implemented during the COVID period, which, thank God is long behind us, we will maintain. So, the margin profile should be healthy. So again, it's -- we're really talking about a couple of weeks here. So, it's a little bit early to start forecasting specific margins.
Craig Billings: Sure. The upcoming -- the most significant upcoming launch is Massachusetts, where obviously, we have Encore Boston Harbor, and I would hope and expect that we will have a reasonable market share because of that -- the presence of that property as our competitors have in other markets. We are driving the business as hard as we can while being prudent. I would expect some point of inflection in late 2023, depending upon how much user -- money good user acquisition we do in Massachusetts, but we have the burn at this point, really, really well under control. And again, as we talked about before, the long-term strategy is really focused on Massachusetts and positioning ourselves for iGaming, which would make the business accretive to our land-based resorts.
Craig Billings: I think Julie just mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're going to pay down our upcoming maturity with cash on the balance sheet.
Craig Billings: Hi Robin. Yes, I'm not sure you've been talking to, Frederic just mentioned that actually we've been performing above what we would normally see during that drop-off period.
Craig Billings: It's a week, right? In the grand scheme of things, it's a week. So, it's hard to read any tea leaves in a week. What I would say is that the market roared back, Macau was a rager on the mass side, on the direct VIP side, on the retail side and on the occupancy side during Chinese New Year, and it outperformed our expectations for the lull period shortly thereafter. Anything beyond that, it's just too early to read.
Craig Billings: Yes, it would have been -- I don't remember if we've quoted it previously. So, I want to be careful in terms of prior disclosure. But it's substantial relative to prior periods. It's not -- it's certainly not where we peak. I'll put it to you that way, because the junket contribution wasn't there this year. And that was, call it, $700 million to $1 million of EBITDA in a normal Chinese New Year. I think the point is, it's a substantial number, given that the market really opened at the beginning of January, and it gives us confidence in the remainder of 2023 and beyond.
Craig Billings: Too early to say. I mean, our box [ph] drop in the fourth quarter was pretty strong. So, we've been doing pretty well on the back of domestic box [ph] business. And in fact, those folks from the region that chose to sit it out -- sit COVID out over here. So again, a little bit early to say. You have to go through the process of getting a visa, you have to arrange travel, et cetera, et cetera. But certainly, international travel is a tailwind that we hope to see in Vegas in 2023 given that really in 2022, it was only -- the only real inbound visitation was some from Europe and from Latin America.
Craig Billings: We're doing really well on what we can control. We don't control the macro economy. That's a fact. So, how that flows, I don't know. But we're feeling good about our business here.
Craig Billings: Every customer is unique. And so, it's really difficult. If I had a broad strokes playbook, I probably wouldn't share it on a public call. But every customer is unique. And so, the ecosystem now, which is comprised of junkets but different, promoters and us, it gives us the ability to address a subsegment of those junket customers. Some of them, they're going to -- it's going to take years to figure out. But certainly, a portion of those will migrate into our direct business. You saw it over Chinese New Year. And some of them will migrate into premium mass. But I don't think there's a broad swath playbook that we can talk about.
