Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciarán Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered adjusted EBITDA $301.2 million on $1.1 billion of operating revenues. The quarter was characterized by strength in both main floor core mass and premium mass with combined property win in the mass segment up 7% year-over-year. Our results in Macau are negatively impacted by a low direct VIP hold percentage as Matt mentioned, which decreased EBITDA by approximately $22 million from a normalized level with the hold impact weighted slightly more heavily to Palace at $13 million. Also, you recall that we received $11 million of insurance proceeds in the prior year quarter impacting the year-over-year EBITDA comparison. The team in Macau did a great job in the quarter of controlling costs at both properties without negatively impacting the guest experience. At Wynn Palace, our operating expenses excluding taxes were flat year-over-year and down sequentially, which helped drive a 200 basis point increase in normalized EBITDA margin compared to 2Q despite top line pressure. At Wynn Macau, OpEx increased slightly year-over-year and was down sequentially despite some incremental payroll expenses we begin to staff up for the West Casino opening. We are well prepared to drive strong operating leverage when the top line environment improves. Our Las Vegas operations produced adjusted property EBITDA of $88 million in the third quarter on operating revenue of $399.5 million with year-over-year growth in both baccarat and non-baccarat table drop and slot handle. On the hotel side, RevPAR increased approximately 4% [ph] year-over-year to $269 driving $116.1 million of hotel revenue. We held low in Las Vegas, which negatively impacted EBITDA by approximately $13 million. Bad debt expense in Las Vegas was $4.5 million compared to $500,000 in the prior year costing us $4 million in comparable EBITDA. We spent just under $60 million in project costs on the group space expansion at Wynn Las Vegas taking our spend to date to $302.7 million. This expansion is slated to open in the first quarter of 2020. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.54 billion and total cash and investments of $1.68 billion including approximately $947 million at Wynn Macau. During the quarter, we returned over $100 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend payment. We will continue to look closely at our capital allocation alternatives, including periodic increases to our dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Finally, during the quarter, we completed a refinancing of our U.S. capital structure, which extended our maturities, streamlined our U.S. Restricted Group and simplified our collateral package for the U.S. and corporate entities. We believe the simplification of our U.S. capital structure will make it easier to understand and ultimately lower our cost of debt capital over time. With that, we will now turn it over to questions.
Craig Billings: Sure, Greff. Wynn Macau was 30.4% and Wynn Palace was 29.2%, which is about 200 basis points higher than Q2.
Craig Billings: Thomas, it’s Craig. Yes, it really has to do with how markers are handled and the ability to repay markers in the pit in Las Vegas and not repay markers in the pit in Boston. It purely has to do with regulatory.
Craig Billings: Sure. We have a sports betting strategy that's very focused on high quality products and various selected markets. So we're likely to launch a sports betting product early in 2020 in New Jersey and then move out to selected states and ultimately hopefully deploy that product in Massachusetts where we think that will be a game changer for Encore Boston Harbor.
Craig Billings: It's Craig. We're quoting it net of high junket hold. So we're giving you our normalized EBITDA impact inclusive of that high hold in junket.
Craig Billings: Yes, I would just add that obviously being an OpCo exposes you to much greater volatility and sensitivity throughout the economic cycle, particularly at the tail end of the economic cycle. So there's a whole host of operating considerations. And as Matt mentioned, investment considerations that you have to take into account before you access a funding source like that.
Matt Maddox: Carlo, we usually don't get into the mix between direct and our junket business. And so, I'd rather not get into those specifics right now. I do think that our direct will likely have more growth potential in particular Wynn Palace going forward as we're seeing some of the smaller junket operators consolidate into the top three. So our direct business is really on a customer by customer basis with our program run by Linda Chen. And I think that as we continue to ramp that piece up that I feel pretty good about where the direct business is going.
Matt Maddox: Well, I think that you've seen that commentary in the market that there feels like there's some stabilization. I think that a lot of people are very optimistic that that we're at a stabilization point and that 2020 could be a period where we're starting to see some growth. Carlo, in the past, we've spoken about, just to go back to your question, direct versus junket and it's ranged from 80:20 down to 90:10 between junket and direct. And it really is very quite volatile during the – from quarter-to-quarter. But we think that both our direct business has growth opportunity in 2020 and that the junket business hopefully will continue to stabilize.
Matt Maddox: I think there's definitely a disruption from the renovation. Again, just walking the property two weeks ago, it's hard to quantify because we're not seeing large drops in volumes coming in the door, but about half the building is behind construction walls, the podium level. So there's definitely some disruption. And I think we're just going to see what the impact is going to be when we open our new facility in about 60 days. It's really targeted for the premium mass customer. And Joe, if you – you know the property well, the new gaming floor feels very similar to Encore in Macau, but it's anchored by two restaurants and has two entrances to the boardwalk that go between MGM Wynn and SJM, which is very heavily trafficked and before it had no entrances. So we feel really confident that the way we've repositioned this property away from smaller mid-tier junket operators and two the premium mass market is going to work.
Matt Maddox: I agree. I mean if – for people to try to predict the travel patterns of 1.4 billion people in China and many billions of people in Asia did not come to the world entertainment capital in Las Vegas, I think that's a mistake over a 10 year period. Las Vegas is going to continue to reinvent itself. We're continuing to invest and it is a place where people like to go. And so, I agree with Marilyn. It's temporary. This is not a change in customer behavior.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So we've been working on Japan quietly behind the scenes for almost a decade now. We have spent 85% to 90% of our time in the Tokyo Bay area, talking to over the last 10 years. So we didn't necessarily change strategy. I think we just publicly said that we would not be pursuing Osaka, which is something that was – something we were going to announce eventually. And we believe that there will be opportunity in the Tokyo Bay area. We are working with various consortium partners now and we're doing things quietly and behind the scenes. I spend. I go over there about one week out of every couple of months. We have people on the ground. We're building up our team. I still believe this is going to be a longer process than a lot of people are anticipating. And we're going to make sure that if there is something that's right for Wynn that it is financially sound that the project is something that will change the company and we’re with partners that share our same values.
Matt Maddox: We are going to pursue Japan with vigor, but we will not pursue it if it does not make financial sense. So we're going to be very disciplined in terms of how any structure is put together, what the costs are going to be and what a return profile is going to be. So we liked the Japanese market. We think that it will be a very high revenue market, but we're focused on making sure that it will be something that our shareholders will also like.
Matt Maddox: Well, you had golden week, which helps October. We actually generated more than $4 million a day, a little more than $4 million a day. But on a normalized basis, it was right at $4 million a day for the month of October.
Matt Maddox: The strategy has been – so many of our competitors are not investing in my opinion as they should in our product, in their products. And so, we have a real opportunity to continue to capture market share at the higher end of the business. So we will be completely reprogramming the lake of dreams with new shows. We're remodeling all of our rooms at Wynn Las Vegas. We have a new convention center. We have new restaurants. We're spending the money to create an entirely new fun experience here while a lot of our competitors are not doing that. And so, we see real opportunity in Las Vegas to capture share. The market may be growing along with the economy, but we'll be capturing share.
Matt Maddox: It appears to me that they borrowed $4.2 billion at an average rate of 8% over 30 years and guaranteed the debt. I think that's what that trade was. So that's an interesting source of capital but an expensive one in my opinion.
Matt Maddox: The capital investments that we're talking about are reconfiguring restaurants. We're building out a sports bar that could potentially become a sports book, so not large capital investments. We do have 11 acres of land across The Street where many developers have been talking to us about partnerships, where we could have new hotels, retail, et cetera. So we've been thinking about that more as landlords and partners as opposed to outright developers. But first we're going to ramp Encore Boston Harbor. And then we're going to watch the neighborhood build out.
Matt Maddox: So we like owning that land as option value. We've invested significant capital in Wynn Las Vegas over the last two years to position this product, to take more market share. We are continuing to think about what could work on the 33 – 36 acres across The Street. But in order to really understand what would work, we believe that first we need to see how Resorts World opens, which is coming in the next 18 months, I believe. Get a feel for the market; watch the Raiders stadium come in. Right now, it's expensive to build in Las Vegas. The trades have more jobs than they have manpower. So what we want to do is watch and see how the Las Vegas market expands with this new product – projects coming on board and then we can determine what will make the most sense to increase shareholder value on that 36 acres.
Matt Maddox: No problem, David. Nothing significant has changed since we had our Analyst Day in July. We published free cash flow targets at that Analyst Day. They're available on our website. We've historically talked about leverage – steady state leverage in the 3.5 times net debt level, which is actually pretty close to where we are today. We continuously look at the dividend. We'll look at it again early in 2020. And to the extent we are able to be very opportunistic from a share repurchase perspective we will do that, so really sticking to the strategy that we've previously discussed.
Matt Maddox: Yes, thanks for your question. So in connection with the refinancing that we most recently did, one of our stated uses of the revolver was to purchase the convention facility from Wynn Resorts and bring it down into the restricted group. There will then be a lease between the entity that holds that within the restricted group and Wynn Las Vegas. We will put that lease in place at the point at which we make the purchase which we anticipate to be very early in Q1 2020. We haven't disclosed any terms on that lease, but you should assume it would be market.
Matt Maddox: Remember that's long booking business. So that's business that tends to book 18 months out. And so, you really see the convention – increased occupancy from the convention space come into its own in 2021.
Matt Maddox: And with that operator that will be our last question. So thank you everybody for taking the time to join today and we'll see you next quarter.
Ian Coughlan: It's really just the daily hand to hand combat and all of the initiatives that we put in place over the last two years. We continue to aggressively drive our signup of our loyalty program. That was up 48% in the third quarter versus the third quarter last year. Wynn McCowen in particular has driven that up very heavily. Through the construction disruption, we focus very much on our players. We've increased the number of holes on the floor and we're hiring up now for the new 44 tables that we're introducing at Wynn Macau. Also at Wynn Palace, we've introduced a new pit of 20 tables just off our high limit at table games area, which will also be very fruitful for us. We moved around some slot machines. So in both properties we continued to change the floor and react to the customer base.
Ian Coughlan: I think we'll start to see the arrival of new product or revised product in the marketplace after 2020. I think later in 2021, we'll see the arrival of SJM, which we believe that Grand Lisboa Palace is going to drive additional business for Wynn Palace in particular. We'll see a Sands Cotai go through their transformation into The Londoner. And most of that will take place in 2021 and it will be spread like a lot of the projects have been over the last four years. With infrastructure, we’re excited about the light rail system, which has been under build for nearly eight years and comes to fruition later this year, hopefully within the next 10 to 12 weeks. And that has a drop-off point right outside of our Wynn Palace property. It connects directly to the Cotai Ferry Terminal in the airport. And we think that that's going to bring a lot more visitors to this general area of Cotai.
Ian Coughlan: There's been some residual impact more about people that would travel through Hong Kong and then come onto Macau, but I don't think it's been market significantly impactful. With all the other headwinds that are there, it's hard to break out. As long as the airport stays in operation, that's a very good feeder for us as you referenced in the premium mass sector.
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. So the – really it's a three part strategy. First off with people installing the right people in casino marketing; secondly, making sure the marketing was correct and adding the technology that we needed to really market to those guests effectively, both our current guests to reactivate and bring in new guests and third was using the amenities that we have. So we were able to leverage our rooms to really grow the domestic business.
Marilyn Spiegel: Well, at baccarat drop was up for us in the quarter. We played very unlucky and that's really the issue that we had. We had more players who were big players and beat us year-over-year. And so, that was what’s happened in baccarat. But we still see them coming and believe that that we are the property of choice for them.
Marilyn Spiegel: We actually believe it's a cyclical issue in baccarat. It's not a structural issue. And we think that they will continue to come.
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. The golf course opened up in first weekend in October. It's been great. We often have more demand than we have supply for the number of players coming to the course. So we feel really great about that. 2020, of course, February is the launch of the convention center. And we will see a good growth in the convention center, but during the Investor Day, you'll recall that we talked about the room remodel. And so the room remodel is going to hit in June and it's going to mostly take up that time with leisure rooms. But we haven't refreshed our rooms at Wynn for eight years and it is time to do so. So that will be factored into 2020 also. But as we think about 2020, the convention business being solid, that casino business continuing to grow and then we plan on good FIT business and leisure business that will fill in the gaps.
Marilyn Spiegel: Wouldn’t that would be great. But frankly, I think what we've said is 4% to 6% additional occupancy and we see that right now. But again, a reminder that you won't really see the full year impact until 2021 once the rooms come online and the convention center has been operational.
