Craig Billings: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Maurice Wooden and Ian Coughlan. Also on the line are other members of management from Macau, Las Vegas and Boston. I want to remind you that we'll be making forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Steve Wynn.
Craig Billings: Well, Joe, as you know, the denominator is a little bit impacted by cage drop in Macau. So it's really difficult to do an apples-to-apples comparison.
Craig Billings: It's very mechanical, Sean. So very accounting oriented. No real change in terms of our tax position, our cash tax position.
Stephen Wynn: Well, again, we're not the Chamber of Commerce or the government. We are focused on our own stuff. And I'm going to -- Ian is sitting next to me, I'm happy to say, we're here for design work this week with the whole Macau operation in Las Vegas. But I'll give you my take on it and then, I think, Ian's is even probably more relevant at the moment. But look, we took 2.5 years or 3 years to design Wynn Palace. We took that much time to design Wynn Macau. And we weren't just sitting around having coffee. We really grind on little things. There is -- I have said this in conference call after conference call that God lives in the details in our business. Our ability to anticipate the nuance concerning the habits and the preferences of our guests to anticipate that both with our buildings and with our training cannot be exaggerated. The importance of that is critical. And what happens is our buildings tend to gain momentum over time, which is why Las Vegas had its biggest year in history, $520-odd-million. It's that in my view. Now the guy that operates, he is sitting right here.
Stephen Wynn: If you want to understand what we're doing, all of you that are statistically oriented. Take a look at market shares before we open a property and market shares after we open a property. I mean, the Palace hotel snapped up market share. Gobbled up market share. We went from 9 to 17 I think that's...
Stephen Wynn: Some of the other companies have open places and not experienced anything like that kind of growth. It's always been the case whether it was Mirage, Golden Nugget, Bellagio, Wynn and Encore in Las Vegas, even Beau Rivage in Mississippi or the Golden Nugget in Atlantic City. There is a definite pattern. We deal to a part of the market that tends to lead in good times and not suffer quite as bad in bad times. And that's one of the reasons why as a company and as a Board of Directors and the management team, we're so dedicated to the sector of the market that we cater to.
Stephen Wynn: I think about the capital structure with my Board of Directors constantly. We love a strong balance sheet, especially at a time when this company is growing as rapidly as it's about to grow. I think we're going to see Japan in the next 12 or 14 months sort of come into season. But the development of our own existing properties, we have so much potential that I think the balance sheet strength is a critical subject for continual review. And we have always been conservative that way. If I'd been a little less conservative, I would have gone public when Sheldon Adelson did and add more money today, but I have always taken a very sort of, don't let anything really rock the boat approach. So we're going to continue in that vein. And it's a subject of constant review among ourselves in operations and on a regular basis with the board. So that's my attitude towards it.
Stephen Wynn: The junkets remain strong for us. The market gyrates constantly and people get nervous with a bad week. The junkets are talking very positively going forward. There is a lot of anecdotal happiness about Chinese New Year around the corner. There is a lot of money coming in. So we're looking forward to continuing strong business in the junkets and VIP and on premium mass and mass in general. And as we continue to modify Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace, we'll continue to capture more and more of the market.
Stephen Wynn: I think one of the really modern absurdities is the people that wait to see what the monthly number is from the DGIC and then immediately start play in the stocks as if they were in a casino themselves. If I can do anything constructive, I'm going to say, if anybody's interested in vesting the gaming industry, do not, do not, I repeat, bet against Macau. You will be losing your money.
Stephen Wynn: Yes. So we've answered this on the last call, but over time, we hope to get Wynn Palace to the margin levels of Wynn Macau, but what people have forgotten about very quickly is in the fall of 2016, we transferred 1,500 people from Wynn Macau to Wynn Palace. And we had a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity to downsize without affecting the quality of the product or the service. And that helped the margins of Wynn Macau substantially 2 to 2.5 points. And eventually, Wynn Palace will build efficiency, but that's not the focus right now. The focus is on supreme guest service and experience as customers try our property. That's what we're known for. Efficiencies come later. We're driving quality right now.
Stephen Wynn: Yes. And we think the lagoon is going to be somewhere between $40 million and $50 million. And that's an outside number.
Stephen Wynn: The 1,500 rooms, casino and the five restaurants in -- I think of the place back here is an oasis, Paradise Park is sort of an oasis. That tower, we're not ready. We haven't finished final -- we haven't given our building estimators and all that stuff for preliminary budgeting. We haven't given that number yet. The high-rise, we got a pretty good idea. I might have described through earlier in the conversation. Every single room in that hotel is a suite. They are all exactly alike, be that 1 bedroom and 2 bedrooms attached to them, connected. There are some villas on the podium roof, but basically, the whole hotel is a suite hotel. I don't think that I'm going to estimate that job yet. When we get into that, we're going to show everybody a drawing of everything. Elevations, from the west side of the street to Paradise Road. We're going to show everybody exactly how this little city works. This tremendous development opportunity that existed on the Desert Inn property. We saw it in 2000. We said we could be developing this for the next 20 years, and that's exactly what's going to happen. And it has more potential and opportunity than any other piece of property did in Las Vegas. We develop the west side of The Strip, all those hotels. I think, at one point, we've done everything, but Caesars between Spring Mountain Road and Tropicana. But that piece of property from The Strip going west to I-15 to Frank Sinatra Boulevard is 2,000 feet deep. On the east side of The Strip, where the Sands and the Desert Inn are, the distance from The Strip to Paradise Road is over 3,000 feet. And it's not backed up by a superhighway with no access, really accepted interchanges, it's backed up by the Las Vegas Visitors Convention Bureau and a major Street Paradise Road that is a straight shot into the door of the airport, which is a mile or two away. So the east side of The Strip has always been the most desirable side. It's why incidentally in the '50s, virtually every hotel was built on the east side of The Strip, not the west. It wasn't too much later when the Stardust, which came later, the Dunes and then finally, Caesars and the Last Frontier, but all of the original hotels from the Sahara to the Thunderbird to the Riviera to the Desert Inn to the Sands, everything was built on this side of the street because the property is so much deeper and has better access on all sides. Yes, I mean, I'm being pretty enthusiastic today about Las Vegas, but this is probably the first conference call we've had when our whole development ambitions have finally matured. We've kept ourselves sort of low key because we wanted to get the other side of The Strip. Now that we've completed our assembly, I'm excited and really having a good time sharing it with everybody, and we'll be doing a lot of that in the next few months.
Stephen Wynn: That's a really good question. I love it. As Ian said, we focus on a certain part of the market, and we love the niche that we occupy. We are comfortable we have had decades of experience there. The property on the south side of our development sits in full view of MGM and SJM. They look down on it. Our water feature and Lake are in the middle. And there is this big piece of property on the south side. It is my intention, with the approval and cooperation of my colleagues, and when I say it's my intention, this is a position I have come to at the urging of my colleagues. It did not initiate with me. But we have decided that we want to create a structure, and this is a non-gaming structure primarily, where every condition in the building, and we're not talking about a lot of rooms, we're talking about relatively few on the grand scale of things, a few hundred. Every room is special with terraces, courtyards, balconies, experiences from a guest point of view that are fantasy-like.  We are taking the position that if we ask people to journey to us and forgo our neighbors that we have to give them a very powerful reason to do so. So we intend to plant this low-slung building of 5 or 6 stories or something like that, and that could change by 1 or 2. We intend to plant this building. I think MGM in Las Vegas and I guess, in Macau, they -- years ago, they come up with the idea of the mansion. It was a very lovely building in Las Vegas with an atrium and 20-odd rooms. And it's been very successful for them, and I know they're going to use that in Macau as well. We are taking that idea of a fantasy-like enclave of special rooms with accompanying food and beverage facilities that are experiential in a way that has not yet been tried in the hospitality business in the world. That's pretty puffy language. And ordinarily you'd discount most of it, but maybe if you consider the source of this company, we have a track record of trying things like that and pulling it off. And I assure you that we know exactly where we're going. And we think that the only place in the world so perfectly suited for this is Macau. Perfectly suited, an opportunity of a lifetime to create an enclave. I'm sure there will be some gambling in it. Rooms for people to play. You know the market, the gaming capacity of the hotels is allowed to grow at a compound rate of 3%...
Stephen Wynn: Sure. They are interested in broadening the invitation of the whole city, number one. And number two, they are interested in having the highest possible amount of advancement for local citizens within the hospitality industry. And I would say probably the second thing I mentioned may even eclipse or trump the first, the idea that the local population benefits both in carrier opportunity as well as money and living standard is a recurrent theme there, which we have recognized. We're the only company where every single company of ours is a shareholder of 1,000 shares at least. So when we say that we're going to build new hospitality accommodations that are really one-offs in the world, that appeals to them, oh, Macau will have something that no other city has. And that's really the grove that I love being in and the gang that I'm hanging with, we all love that. I mean, Ian can speak for himself, but...
Stephen Wynn: Remember, we recruited the Senior President of our operations in China from the Peninsula Hotel. I mean, that's a tip off right there. We didn't go looking at Motel 6 a long time ago. I mean, when we look for a guy that we could take, a man already in senior leadership. I mean, if you're the General Manager of the Peninsula in Hong Kong, even if you went to Cornell or Northwest or UNLV hotel school, and you have worked for Ritz-Carlton,  Mandarin Oriental, Four Seasons, Peninsula, if you work for any of those highline hospitality companies, when all those kinds of dudes get together, whoever is the GM of the Peninsula in Hong Kong is sort of the guy whose ring they kiss, I mean, that's like big status among that fraternity. And Ian had opened -- had been the Resident Manager. And then when Peninsula in Bangkok needed first aided, they sent him there and it became a big hit. When he came back, he was the GM of Peninsula, that's a long time ago. Resort gaming business now. That's what we're, so the local government likes us doing this kind of....
