Steve Wynn: Well, we released the numbers a few weeks ago and so there is no real revelations to discuss. I think probably what is interesting is to say that January in Macau, if I can anticipate some of the questions, was our best month in a long time. Happy to say so. And Chinese New Year is in progress, but early in the week, a little too soon to say, the mass component clearly looks a little stronger than in the past. It is too soon to tell because the weekend is coming up with the VIPs. So that is pretty much the way we feel about China in terms of current first quarter numbers. With regard to Las Vegas, January was terrific and Super Bowl and February are off to a roaring start. And between that and President's weekend, Las Vegas is an apple pie shape up through the 15th which will be Monday. The question in Las Vegas will be how is the last 14 days. But as of now business is pretty good in the United States and holding its own in Macau. With regard to our project, we issued some statements, we are working with our contractor to get them to catch up so that we will have an opening in June. They believe they will make the June 25 date, which was the contract date of our relationship with our builder, and it is possible they could be late but hopefully they won't be. We are working very closely with them to try and catch up in any areas that need to be caught up. And our fancy hotel will be ready for public display later this year. We’re going to start work in Boston, hard construction. We are doing remediation at the moment. We've come to happy terms with our neighbors in Boston. And that was a relief. And now we are going to proceed with constructing this wonderful destination resort in Boston metropolitan area in Everett, and benefit I hope people throughout the region, and have a very exciting hotel to boot. And with that, and reminding you that all of us are here to take your questions, we'll begin to do so.
Steve Wynn: Well, currently, we’ve got a project that is going to start in the spring right here in Las Vegas. We sold our Ferrari dealership to the Rolls-Royce dealer in town, Roger Penske and I. And reclaiming that valuable space we are moving poker over to Encore. And starting at the casino corner where the ticket counter is now for the showrooms, we are going to have retail and a new retail mall that goes through where Ferrari was and a two-story building with a beautiful glass roof, an atrium kind of structure, that has 75,000 feet of rentable space. And we expect that we will pick up somewhere between $20 million and $25 million in extra income and probably $0.30 worth of new payroll. I mean just a pickup in EBITDA because we had 300 or more feet on the strip right on the sidewalk in unused real estate that was very, very valuable. And, along with other real estate that we own in Las Vegas, represents an opportunity for future development that is quite unique. We -- I remind everybody that the golf course is 130 acres and we have 1,000 acre-feet of water in our own wells that were purchased with the Desert Inn Water Company in 2000. I look at that as an asset. And China and its complexity has made us refocus on some of the things that we have going for us that are already in our -- under our control. So all of that is the kind of thing that we can examine. As I told you, the strip real estate, I have already committed to a drawing and the project is underway, probably costs $70 million. And the interest on the money is -- if we borrow 100% of it or if we use our cash, our cost of money is less than 5%. And we pick up $20 million or $23 million in EBITDA just by plucking off something that we own for nothing. We’ve got a lot of options like that here and that makes the company exciting. It is another reason why I like the stock. Because none of our assets are a secret, none of the opportunities that this company possesses are unknown to anybody, they are all sitting out there in plain view. And I don't mind discussing them when someone asks. But I'm certainly not going to ignore them. I think Boston is going to be the Everett Boston metropolitan area opportunity is enormous. And we can't wait to be there. It's the first time we've ever had a hotel that has nonstop service from every major capital in the world, Hainan Airlines and Cathay Pacific fly nonstop from Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai to Boston. So does every other world capital, nonstop to Boston. And we are 12 minutes from Logan Airport with our new hotel. So all of that sort of makes me feel confident and positive about our future prospects.
Steve Wynn: Yes. Like any devaluation, if you are buying domestic products, you don't feel it. If you are buying and you are trading internationally, you do feel it. If you are an exporter and a businessman in China and you are one of our customers, and they are, then devaluing the currency increases your ability to sell your products outside China. So a devaluation, which is of course a methodology of supporting the economy, tends to make our customers have more liquidity. And when we talk about devaluation, QE 1, 2 and 3 took the US dollar down by 18% or 20%. So you can judge what a devalued currency impact has on people by taking a look at what happened right here in the United States where we did precisely that with our federal reserve interventions in QE 1, 2 and 3.
Steve Wynn: We see junket operators going retracting. We have less than we had -- we were at 14 at one point, I think we are down to 8 or 9 now and probably heading for 4 or 5 before we are done. The strong ones with liquidity and balance sheets are doing good business, but the ones that were newer or less firmly capitalized, they seem to be having trouble staying in business. And that is pretty much the story I think around town. The ones that we have, we check up on regularly and they are fine, but there is fewer of them.
Steve Wynn: When they show any weakness we cease relationships with them, and we have done that with five of them already.
Steve Wynn: Well, we are not post-Chinese New Year yet. As a matter fact, we haven't really seen Chinese New Year in full bloom until this weekend. 
Steve Wynn: They haven't to answer you, now I understand your question. I can answer that. Our expectations haven't changed. The assumptions we have made in the business plan remain the same. Remember, when we got to the point of doing those assumptions, changes already occurred in the marketplace. So we haven't made any changes recently to our assessment.
Steve Wynn: Well, it is nothing more complicated than they got a little bit behind. And they have a plan on catching up. We are working very closely with them and there is a very good chance that they will. And even if they don't it will be close. So that is pretty much the way we see it now. That is a description of where we stand. Now, in the trenches the work is feverish, there are 9,500 people on the job. And everybody has got their chins down and are paying attention. It is a very, very ambitious extravagant product. I have talked about it over a period of a year or two to all of you in these conference calls. We aimed very high. And that has put pressure on the finishes of the building. Of course, it's a fancy place to say the least. And all of the subs are working to do their best job and they will get there, they will get there give or take a few weeks I think they will be fine. There is not much more you can say about it than that. I mean when they told me they were going to finish early in September they gave us a written notice that they were going to achieve the early completion bonus of $38 million. And so, we shared that with you because they notified us in writing. And then when they told us that that was doubtful because we had shared it with the public, we thought it was incumbent upon us to also share with the public that there wasn't going to be an early bonus or an early completion. But I want to remind everybody that the original contract was for June 25 that we would complete this project in the first half of 2016. And hopefully that date will stand or right close to it. And that is where we are at the moment.
Steve Wynn: There is a really good question and it goes to the heart of my instructions. Usually the way it has worked in the past, we have two critical paths, one is that of the completion, the construction and the finishing of the building and the other one is the critical path that is the spooling up and the hiring and training of the full staff of thousands of people to run the place. And under ideal conditions those two critical paths move in exactly parallel and coterminous step. They meet at the exact same point on the opening day. When the construction gets behind, in and of itself that is not a big deal. I mean, so the building is a few weeks late. But what is important is that you don't go and hire a whole bunch of people that are sitting -- getting paid and twiddling their thumbs. That is very, very damaging financially. So what I did with Matthew when we were there a couple months ago, I have changed the order of March. And I said I want our landmark dates on turnover of the building to occur before we do the hiring if possible. In other words, let's make sure that our critical path of hiring doesn't get ahead of the critical path of the building. Then the impact of being a few weeks late is not so -- is not quite as serious as it might have been if we went to full staff. So that is where that stands and I am happy to say that we are in equilibrium at the moment.
Steve Wynn: Well, Chinese New Year will certainly be interesting and it is not – we are just starting it. We are three days into a seven or eight day event. I would say baccarat business is off in Las Vegas unquestionably. Is it going to get worse or is it stabilized? I don't know, too soon for me to answer that question. But if there is a recession in America, and it is hard to see why there won't be if we keep going the way we are, then Las Vegas will ultimately reflect whatever is going on in the rest of the United States. It always has. There's sometimes been a delay if conventions are booked and things like that, but at the end we always seem to be just like anybody else, part of America and a big reflection of it. So I don't want you to construe my remarks about a healthy January and a promising February to mean that we're running counter to anything else you're seeing. We're just lucky, that's all. Just luck, we're holding high. I don't want to make too much of it.
Steve Wynn: Well, I am not sure that the premise of your question is one that I want to accept on the face of it. I am not sure that our marketing strategy should change one spec. We may not have 12 junket operators in 14, we may have four or five, but there are no shortage of wealthy gamblers in China. And there are no shortage of premium mass players in China. And our building was -- we made an adjustment to allow for some of the junket areas to be premium mass and stuff like that. We made modest adjustments in the facility presentation and the furniture, so to speak. But look, there used to be this avalanche of revenue for all these casinos and all these junket operators in Macau. So now there are fewer of them. So where are they going to gamble? I mean, they are going to go to the place that somehow meets all of their expectations. We designed a place to be that. So I think that considering how many casinos there are in America and in Las Vegas and we get more than our share of the business, to worry about whether you are going to get a proper share in Macau is really a waste of time. The answer is positively, yes. We will be able to fill our casino with the most selective customers available in the market, I am sure of that. And we will have a demonstration of that shortly this summer. But let's not think that all VIP players have disappeared because that is simply not the way it works. They have been lessened in number, but there's still a lot of them around.
Steve Wynn: Well, we are not allowed to promote with our offices in China. We can advertise very limited ways about rooms. But they are very, very careful about that. And I am not sure that a place like Wynn Palace lends itself to mass marketing techniques. Places like the kind we operate, 99% of the marketing is word-of-mouth. The people that would come and stay in Macau, as large as that country is, the percentage of the population that comes to Macau is relatively small compared to the total size of the country. And that group that comes to Macau, they know everything about every hotel. They go to the one they can afford or they go to the one they think is best depending on their income status. So what happens is within 60 or 90 days of when Wynn Palace opens up an enormous percentage of that market will -- the people who attend that market will know all about it. And word-of-mouth will take place the first 12 months that place is open and it will establish itself as Wynn in the Peninsula did as the nicest place to stay. And we never advertised at the Peninsula, in the first Wynn Macau, nor did we advertise in Encore. And we filled those 1,000 rooms and we could have filled 2,000 of them. And we got 1,700 new rooms. And I'm not sure what we would gain if we could advertise in every place. But you can be sure that any wealthy guy that is in Beijing, Shanghai, Fuji and Guangzhou or Dalian, whoever goes to Macau, they know all about us already. That is one of the good things about the gaming type of visitor, they are very, very -- everybody knew about Caesars Palace and Bellagio and Mirage within a few months of when they opened. And so commercial advertising and traditional marketing isn't quite as important when you open up really grand destination hotels. Everybody writes about them and talks about them. So that is not actually one of the problems that I am trying to solve at the moment.
Steve Wynn: I am more comfortable. Zen was a good word. I am more comfortable. I am feeling good about it. I am convinced that the government of Macau is doing everything in their power to make sure that the citizens of Macau and the employees who are citizens are protected and safe to the extent that they are able to contribute to that process. So that is to say the government of Macau is on the side of the development of Macau and the healthy continuation of the industry. And I think all of us have managed to work our way through some of the complexities and ramifications of that process. And so I am – I have spent a lot of time there in the last few months and I am feeling better about it.
Steve Wynn: Well, we don't have a specific allocation of tables. I have a general confidence that the government wants the operators to be successful and they want these new hotels to take their place as very vibrant successful destination, multi-faceted, diverse tourist attractions that they are in fact designed to be. I am confident that the government wants these places to get off on the right foot. And I think that the government will do what they have to do to see that that happens. And that is the basis of my confidence. I have confidence in the government's ability to take care of the problems that are associated with growth in the market. I think that is probably the best way to express it.
Steve Wynn: That's a very intelligent question. Good for you. It is just the size of the country, the priority that the central government has put on the success of both SARs, both AT special administrative regions, both Hong Kong and Macau. The dynamism of that country is overwhelming. And remember that the Communist Party is a meritocracy in China. And although one leader may be a bit more conservative than his predecessor or a bit more liberal, generally speaking they want a successful life for the citizens of China and for the people in Hong Kong and Macau. The personalities of those cities are highly developed and not under discussion anymore. Macau is the destination resort place along with Henson Island. And Hong Kong is a financial center. There is no argument in the higher echelons of government of Peoples Republic of China on what role those cities play in the overall scheme of things in China. And so, consistent with what I said a moment ago that the government seeks to make the country successful, I am positive that they will. That doesn't mean that in the short term the enormity of problems they face is directly proportional to the enormity of the country. It’s four times the size of the United States. And imagine the problems we have and the complexity that our government faces with 350 million or 330 million people. How would you like to add 1 billion to that without the kind of infrastructure we have got. I mean managing China is a daunting task and they got a smart people doing it. And where they’ve come, you draw your confidence in the future from a careful study of the past. Starting with Deng Xiaoping in 1979 when he said if it is a black cat or a white cat, it doesn't make any difference to me, as long as it catches mice it is a good cat. The government of Macau of China has been empirical and pragmatic and has brought hundreds of millions of people out of poverty, a feat unequaled in the history of civilization in any country. Obviously somebody is doing something wrong -- doing something right, rather. They are tapping into the latent energy of that population. Why would we consider that that would not continue? And when it comes to recreation, Macau is the place of choice. That big picture kind of common sense based upon history is the basis that is -- so when you ask where is inflexion point, I don't know that. But when you ask me why do I think the long-term prospects in Macau are incredibly positive, that’s my answer. I love being part of the Chinese scene as a businessman. That doesn't mean that there aren't short-term discomfort and adjustments. But hell, what kind of adjustments do we have to make in the United States considering what’s going on? It is just as tricky here as it is there. Did I help you with that answer? You made an intelligent question; I don't know if I gave an intelligent answer.
Steve Wynn: Well said, compressed demand. And you are spot on. If I had some new technique or marketing device up my sleeve --.
Steve Wynn: We're going to do what we have always done. We are going to keep trying to make it better in every way. And that, look, the customers aren't going to change. There are people who come to Las Vegas and Macau to live big and have fun. And whoever gives them that product consistently and fully wins the race to the top, I guess is the way to put it, or ends up in first position. Now that doesn't mean that we are going to be bigger than anybody else, it will mean that our hotel will be successful. And we will have a proper return on its investment and that sort of thing. And we will have a loyal and growing clientele. Now we took the long way home at the Peninsula, we weren't the first to open in Macau; we just made the most money when we built the place downtown and that is Wynn Macau now. So I don't see any reason to change our strategy. It is not broke. We don't need to fix it. And in the hospitality business, whether you are in Boston, Macau, Las Vegas or anywhere else, the rules aren't going to change. We know who our customers are, we know what they want. And we're going to try and figure out a better way to give it to them. That’s my ace in the hole. That is my secret.
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure, what I would say is the global currency wars are impossible to predict. Look at what the Fed is talking about interest rates now in the United States. So we look at how we hedge our risks with the debt that we borrow and the denominations of the debt, but there is really nothing we can do about countries trying to devalue their currency.
Matt Maddox: I will start with – I can – it’s Matt Maddox, I am here with Steve Cootey, we can cover the accounting issue on the note, the redemption note. What happens is, Steve, that is like banks have to do, it is fair value accounting. So you have to go through and look at the yields on your debt and then apply those yields to that parent company $1.9 billion 2% note. And because high yields gapped out what that meant is that 2% note in theory should have had a higher yield. So you have to reduce the value of the note on the balance sheet and that increases profits through the income statement only to come back around later. And it is non-cash fair value accounting. And in fact, the FASB is already looking at changing that starting next year. And Bank of America is implementing it where it will run through the balance sheet only because it is destroying financial institutions' income statements.
Matt Maddox: Well, we've focused on our retail volumes and we are noticing that some of our retailers are starting to stabilize a little bit more compared to last year and the previous quarters. Our hotel occupancies are remaining about the same as they have been and we are seeing some pick up there. And then, Steve, you track all the visitation just like we do from each region. And the visitation also feels like it is stabilizing. So, all the China macro data is confusing for the moment, but what we see in our building and visitation to Macau feels like it has been stabilizing since November. And I think you'd hear that from all the operators.
Matt Maddox: I don't think anything that has happened in the last few weeks has changed our outlook on Palace. We still believe that it is going to be a market share taker out at Cotai and predicting the Macau market has been hard. All we are saying is the market feels stable right now and we are confident in our product. We don't put out EBITDA projections for new projects.
