Matt Maddox: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody we will be making statements under -- forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities law. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve Wynn.
Matt Maddox: Steve, I think you covered it. That's a good opening summary, and I'd suggest we just open it up for the questions.
Matt Maddox: No, 11 of the 13 was in Macau, and really that was a function of business volumes. So if you look at -- we had significantly more business volumes, in particular in our direct program in the fourth quarter, and just the way our calculation works, the aging calculation, that was the -- the $11 million came out. So it was not additional reserve, it was purely based on business volume.
Matt Maddox: And just so you know, Shaun, our reserve as a percentage of receivables is 47% right now in Macau which is very, very comfortable.
Matt Maddox: Much higher.Shaun Kelley – Bank of America : That's helpful. And just one last one because you mentioned the direct business, could you give us a sense of just kind of what your percentages are kind of indirect versus junket based VIP for the quarter and kind of how you think about that mix going forward? And that's it for me. Thanks, everyone.
Matt Maddox: On a volume basis, it's always between 10% and 15%, and it was closer to the lower end of the range based on turnover for the quarter, both in the fourth quarter of '09 and the fourth quarter of 2010. So it's growing, the direct business is growing, but our junket business, as we add junket, has been growing faster.
Matt Maddox: I mean you can -- we never calculate that for you guys. You know the range and you can see what we held, so I'll let you do that.
Matt Maddox: Yeah, 22% for the year in Las Vegas, and then in Macau, on the VIP side, it was 3% and then 23% in the mass casino for the year.
Matt Maddox: What I'd say about the convention business is definitely we will book more room nights on the convention side, north of 20%. Somewhere between 20% and 22% of our room nights will be convention this year, and that was as low as 13 in 2009. So it's going in the right direction. And that's, even before the recession, that number was always between 22% and 25%. So now it's a question of rate. In terms of the gambler, that's really not where we're going to see the gaming revenues. The convention business is the midweek business and you feel it much more on the non-gaming side.
Matt Maddox: But we've always been one of the most conservative in town in terms of comps and we're very steady with that. And so nothing's really changed on our side.
Matt Maddox: So, Harry, just on the convention side, we've definitely seen people have relaxed in terms of worrying about coming to Las Vegas.
Matt Maddox: And on a win per unit basis, it's almost three times the amount in the fourth quarter and two-and-a-half times for the full year compared to the general casino.
Matt Maddox: With two additional junkets, you could see that ratio go to the lower side, for sure. But the direct business is still up well over 50% for the year and is continuing to grow. But when they grow, it's then one customer at a time.
Matt Maddox: It should be good for the market too because the market does not have enough hotel rooms to accommodate the people on the weekends. So I think it will be good for Cotai and good for the market overall.
Matt Maddox: Sure. I mean, look, we're running at around 9,300 FTEs right now, and we think that that is a good run rate for even if business volumes do increase. So our fixed cost right now, we feel comfortable with, and any increase in cost should really be more on the variable side. So that's the beauty of these hotels, was operating leverage. As things get better, your margins get better.
Steve Wynn: Very nice to have this call again. We moved up our date because we wanted to get the information out as soon as possible so that you would know where we fit in the scheme of things. I think the numbers speak for themselves. We had a fine year. We even did better in Las Vegas, went from 240 or so to 270. And I think that -- most of you, if I can anticipate some of the questions, would be asking, what about Las Vegas? And we took a careful look at January and February, because in these calls, we're always late for the quarter but we're in one, and I know that you'd like guidance on what we're seeing. And indicators, I've been fairly pessimistic in the past. If there was a recovery underway, it was dampened by the fact that there was a great deal of capacity added to Las Vegas at exactly the wrong moment. City Center and Cosmopolitan added 9,500 rooms, almost 10,000 rooms to this inventory, at a time when the city could least -- was least able to accept that inventory. And in spite of that, our room rates are up a little, our occupancy is okay, our convention bookings are ahead of last year. I'm saying that these indicators are pointing up -- slots are still weak, but the indicators about visitation and room rate and convention bookings which are very important for the midweek period are pointing up. Now, having said that, I want to say that it's still very lackluster and disappointing. But I think that '11 is surely better than '10. We were a company that said '10 was not going to be better than '09, and we repeated it several times, in this forum that we're having today. However, I'm going to say I think '11 is better than '10. And if that's good news, then so be it. As far as China goes, Macau, that market is very robust, and we're looking forward to getting under way with our new hotel in Cotai which we finished designing. And I even have shown some pictures of the project; it's by far the best thing we've ever done. And it's a breakaway property. It represents another generation of this phenomenon that we've come to know as the integrated resort. It's an iconic building. I think most of you in the analyst community will have a chance to see it now. Matt will show it to you when you come to Las Vegas or in some form or another, Samantha. We'll begin to show our competitors and everybody else what we've got in store for them. I think that's about it for now. Matt, Ian, is on the phone. I'll be glad to let my colleagues add their take on what's going on. The purpose of these phone calls is to answer questions and, to the best of our ability, give people a chance to know what to expect in our industry and with our company in particular. Matt, Ian, you're in Macau, Scott Peterson's here, we're all here Do you have anything to add, Matt? What's your take on -- the Chinese New Year in Las Vegas surprised us. We did not -- we had said to ourselves, "Okay, the Asian population that gambled baccarat has now got real strong choices closer to home in Macau." Fewer of them are coming. And in spite of that, we had the biggest Chinese New Year we've ever had and Saturday night was the biggest night in the history of this building in terms of table win. I think we went over $16 million at the tables alone. And in China, we had a night that we'll all remember in my 40-odd-year history. We had a casino table win in excess of $46 million at slots and tables in one 24-hour period. These kinds of things tend to stick with you. Of course that has a lot to do with luck, I want to add hastily. It sometimes goes the other way. A casino that can win tens of millions of dollars can also lose tens of millions of dollars, and frequently does. With that, I'll let Matt add his comments or Ian.
Steve Wynn: Okay, I'll be glad to. And I think it's a very important and relevant question. In Macau, the credit balance is outstanding with our associates and the junket business is very large. We, in our own account, on our own account, reserve 3% or 4% for bad debt. This is my, let's see, 1973 is my -- my 48th year -- 38th, 39th year, something like that, 40 years, and we've never ever in the history of my company, both Mirage Resorts and Wynn Resorts, have ever exceeded our reserve. We're very conservative about credit and our relationships are managed with the junket operators in exactly the same way. One of our parent company board members is Linda Chen who is the Chief Operating Officer in China and the President of Wynn International. When Linda graduated from Cornell University -- I think she's on the call, or if she isn't, she's close by.
Steve Wynn: We had such a jump in volume, we had to do it. Now our auditors, if we're generous in our reserve, where we're extremely conservative as we usually are, comes the last day of the quarter and they get with Scott or Robert Gansmo, with Scott Peterson in Las Vegas or Robert Gansmo or Matt, and they say, "No, we see the collections, you got to adjust the reserve."
Steve Wynn: Yes. And I think that's just for a while, but we've got two junket operators coming on stream that you'll see in the second quarter.Shaun Kelley – Bank of America : Great. Thank you very much.
Steve Wynn: Oh, I'm sorry, I shouldn't -- Joe asked that question, I didn't respond. The government officials, Secretary Tam and the Chief Executive Fernando Chui, themselves testified before the [Exco], and it was reprinted in the newspapers, that the master plan for Cotai includes specifically Wynn Macau's new property and SJM and MGM. And so we've had confirmation from the government about their desire that we go forward. Remembering that in China, it's a country far older, far more established than the United States and things move at fair speed. And they're very meticulous about everything. And so we tend to have gaps while we wait for approvals and -- but always that government is consistent. They tell you what to expect, what they're going to do, and what they want you to do. And I met -- I meet with them every time I'm there, once a month. And all my conversations have been confirmed, what I've just said to you. And I'm hoping that we could get started in March or April at the latest. It's a landfill, as you know, at Cotai. And so there's remediation that takes place for the foundation work that adds six or seven months to normal construction time. But we're so in love with this building that if the government permits it, we will work more than one shift and make up time. I hope that answers your question. But there is no issue about whether we're going to build the hotel or not, and the government had said so.
Steve Wynn: I think late' 14, early' 15 would be my best guess. But again I have to wait for the government to give us the green light. These are not things that are under my control, nor should they be. There are a lot of things that go into the development decisions in Macau at this point with this government. They're very self-conscious about how they want that city to proceed and what role we are to play in that procession. And so you end up sitting there quietly waiting for the guidance and for the leadership to make up their mind on when and how you should proceed. They're very specific about all of this. And in a way, although you perhaps get impatient, it's a very satisfying environment to be in because you always know where you stand. I like that personally. I find that very comforting.
Steve Wynn: We held in Las Vegas, what, 22% for the year? We're always within our range. At the end of the day, I've been doing this for a long time, and it always goes -- it always straightens out. We have quarters that are down and quarters that are up, but if you take a look at our history, our casino organizations managed to get their share of the revenue, the appropriate share, for all 40 years.
Steve Wynn: We heard about it. We don't -- I can't say that I understand exactly what they're doing, not because it's particularly arcane, but because we can't make any money next-door, we can only make it here. So we have enough trouble controlling our comps in our own building. I'm sure, they're a pretty sophisticated bunch next-door, I'm sure if they changed their comp policy they rationalized it in terms of their own experience. And I didn't get nor have I ever had the opportunity to discuss it with those people. We don't enjoy a dialogue with them.
Steve Wynn: There was a period when MGM and Venetian were very aggressive on comping. And as you go down the ladder in descending viability of these properties, naturally the management gets hungrier and hungrier to try and gather up customers, and invariably they pick up the stuff that the top hotel has rejected. And so you see that the -- it's sort of a negative process because as you go down the ladder, customers that are not worthy of promotional allowances are getting them. This invariably leads to financial instability and a change of executives, sort of like the credit thing I said earlier. Okay. I think that's all I got to say on the subject.
Steve Wynn: And Macau? The bridge from Lantau Island across the Pearl River Delta. Oh, my goodness. It's a cataclysmic event. It's 20 minutes from downtown Hong Kong. It makes Macau and Zhuhai suburbs and Shenzhen one giant metroplex with about 40 million people. The impact of that bridge which has been green-lighted by the Central Government is incredible. I'm not sure that any of us understand how big that impact is. And it splits -- the way it works, you come from downtown Hong Kong and you go Disney World, Walt -- Disneyland on Lantau Island, and the bridge to Lantau Island from Hong Kong is only a few hundred meters long. And then you get to Disneyland and then you keep going, and on the north side of Lantau Island is a horizontal long finger that points towards Zhuhai and the Pearl River Delta. On the north side of the island is the airport in Hong Kong, the beautiful, incredible Norman Foster Airport. And then the end of that island just past the airport is 18 miles across shallow water, maybe 18 or 20 feet deep. And across the Pearl River Delta, heading towards the peninsula that is Zhuhai and Macau, they're going to build this road, this bridge, very much like I think what you'd see in the Florida Keys. And at that point, it's all one city. And that's an -- I think there's rail, and of course the Central Government of China is connecting all the major metropolitan areas with high-speed rail. It's quite incredible to see. And the influence on future movement of the humans is powerful and enormous. That's the only thing we can say. We try to understand it because we want projections and guidance to you. And it's such a big deal, but it's hard to do. We'll undoubtedly underestimate its impact.
Steve Wynn: Yes. And we've left room in our plans to add more facilities so that we can service the needs that the government explains to us properly. Again, you always want to be in a position to follow the lead that you get from the government. They're very, very planning-oriented. And as I say, that makes life a lot simpler for us because we know what to expect. And they publish and give us formally and informally guidance on these matters. We reflect flexibility in our plans so that we can respond appropriately.
Steve Wynn: Robin, I don't -- I don't know that anyone's in a position to make a prediction about Japan. Everybody's paying very careful attention. In terms of corporate development that Matt mentioned earlier, I think I'd rather talk about deals we make rather than those that we don't. And that's sort of I think a healthy attitude to have. I don't want to fill a conference call with wild statements, hopefulness and promises that we can't keep. I know that it's a popular thing that some of our competitors have done. We don't do that. So we'll do our corporate development activity when they mature and they represent real business opportunity or decisions that have been taken by the company formally. Naturally we publish them right away. But if it's all right with you, Robin, I think it's probably not a healthy thing to speculate.
Steve Wynn: We spend money in order to position ourselves, and I think that's what -- that's our job, we get paid for that. I think that's what we owe our shareholders. But I don't know that we owe our shareholders or anybody else visions of sugar plums dancing and that sort of thing. It's just a kind of thing that is probably a good idea to avoid.
Steve Wynn: First of all, to that question I will respond by saying that junket grew. Our own program under Linda Chen's direction and Frankie Xiao's direction grew. Our general casino activity grew, our slot machines grew, our hotel room rate grew, and our poker grew. It's been across the board.
Steve Wynn: I'm happy to tell you that it was straight across the board. The property, the 1,000-room Wynn Encore building is very well-received by our customers. The Encore building in particular, which reflected a structure that was designed after we had been in the market for a couple of years, we had gained insight, was reflected in the design and execution. And it represents a progression, an evolution of our perception of the market. Cotai is yet another echelon, another plateau of that sort of thing.
Steve Wynn: There, there's that fine gentleman. I'm particularly proud, I have to add this, I'm particularly proud about the depth of our financial area of our company. I've been doing this for 40 years and I've never been in the company of such talented men and women as we have now. So I think maybe Scott Peterson and Robert Gansmo should be -- should weigh in on this one.
Steve Wynn: And I have to say, if any of the Lisboa people are on the telephone, learning from Lisboa. I mean it's very good to visit your competitors, to see what they're doing. And from those visitations, get some sense and guidance on what you should do when you design a building. It's Macau, it's not Las Vegas, and it's always instructive to remember that. That's the low-hanging fruit, increasing --
Steve Wynn: Yeah, we've restructured our slot operation for 2011. We're in the process of doing that. It will be completed here in a few days, and we're going to have a jump there.
Steve Wynn: If I can add to what -- those points that were so well-made by Ian, last month or about six or eight weeks ago, Prime Minister Wen Jiabao came to Macau and said that he hoped that the prosperity that the resort industry was enjoying in Macau would be shared by the workforce. That was followed immediately by public comments made by the Chief Executive Fernando Chui. When our company hears those kinds of comments, we don't wait for a week or a month, we respond instantly. And we increased the line employees', all the non-executives, salaries, and the cost of living increase by 6%. We were first to do that, not because we wanted to be first but because we respond directly to leadership given to us by the government. And that's an important part of our strategy about our identity in that community. Our job is to constantly refresh the notion that we are humble, proud and grateful to be allowed to be part of that scene. And the way you do that in China is to take good care of your employees.
Steve Wynn: Well now that the plans are finished, it's in the hands of Wynn design and development to create a construction budget. And that process has just begun. And I'm not quite ready to say, but I think $2.5 billion is a comfortable number for us. We'd have no compunction about spending that kind of money on the facility with all of its entertainment potential. And so -- and as far as I mentioned a few minutes ago as far as when do we get started, that's up to the government. They'll tell us. And I expect that it's not very far away.
Steve Wynn: No, I don't, to give you a short answer. I don't. I think there's a lot of capacity and I think that the infrastructure will handle it. If you're asking me about the impact of the bridge, again, as I said earlier, it's hard to imagine what it's like when it's 20 minutes in the car from Hong Kong to -- and maybe 40 minutes, 35 or 40 minutes, from Shenzhen. I can't -- and the rail service, I mean, these things are so strong that we're in a bit of a quandary about that. I don't know how Ian feels about it.
Steve Wynn: Well, they've done a very -- I talked to Mike Mecca, the boss. And if he's listening, hi, Mike. How are you and Sandy? As I understand what they're doing, it's very ambitious, wonderful hotel. And it's a combination of several offerings, a company that specializes in spas and rooms of that sort. So it's a complex building with a lot of bells and whistles attached to it. So I expect that it's going be well-received. It's certainly the most ambitious and far-reaching of the Galaxy properties. So I expect it's going be a big lift for them.
Steve Wynn: And we have sort of an inbred culture here. And we look at each other all the time and we're sort of likeminded men and women. And it's nice to have someone else with a fresh perspective.
Steve Wynn: Well, I remember one conversation I've had with Marilyn was about six weeks after she came. She came to my office and said, "You know, Steve, we have tremendous success with nightclubs and, our very popular hit, restaurants." I think our Steakhouse SW is the most successful restaurant in Nevada. She said, "The public taste has changed. We have a five-star restaurant, a Michelin-starred restaurant, a five-diamond restaurant in Alex. But people don't want to sit for three hours and eat dinner that way anymore. I'd rather repurpose that restaurant. I know that you love the idea that one of the restaurants has got all those Michelin stars." We've got three of them in the building, but this one in particular, this gourmet kind of restaurant. She said, "I'm not sure that we can't use that space more effectively in another way." And frankly, I would never have questioned that restaurant on my own. Marilyn made me question the restaurant. And she was right. I offer that as just a simple example of -- that was something that she brought to my office that I would have missed. There's been more of that sort of thing. We tend to be siloed to use her word, siloed in the sense that each department sort of is complete unto itself. We decentralize authority, because we think that we want to put our best people right in the -- touching the customer everyday. We don't have a big layered structure. Well, that's good. That's good in one way. We don't have a lot of vice presidents, and floaters that go in food and beverage and other departments. But on the other hand, that management style tends to miss some chances for sharing of employees, like making runs to the warehouse. Each restaurant had a runner. Why not have a runner handle several restaurants? That's not asking too much. Let's not silo or isolate each operation so much unto itself. It's good that you think about it the way you do, but Marilyn said, I think that in the process, you may be spending some money you don't have to spend. And I found that very interesting. And she used that word siloed in the sense that you have a self-contained tube that doesn't look outside itself very much. That's always a danger when you're very focused on full service. It turns out that we could make a change like that without sacrificing one speck of quality of service or responsiveness to our guests. And I welcomed that sort of thing, as did Matt and Scott and the rest of us. And I think we're all one family here, so that sort of spills over to Ian. Ian comes from the peninsula operation in Hong Kong, and he wasn't so siloed. I don't want to put words in your mouth.
Steve Wynn: Yes.David Katz – Jefferies & Company: Please? Which is, I think on -- if we went back several conference calls, I believe you said that it would be a very long time before you would develop anything in the United States again. And I wondered if you still think that's true.
Steve Wynn: I don't. Still think it's true. I changed my mind.David Katz – Jefferies & Company: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Scott Peterson: I mean in terms of areas of opportunity for growth in 2011? I mean, we're continuing to see improvements in domestic business, and so we're seeing lots of opportunities there. Obviously Matt already talked about the convention opportunities that we have here in Las Vegas. We're expecting that to really help us on the room side this year.
Scott Peterson: Well, I mean, again, as you referred to, it's the first full year now of operation of Surrender and the beach club, so we'll see improvement there just because it's a full year. I think also --
Scott Peterson: In spite of competition. I think in the second half of 2010 we also made some good improvements in the way we're operating the facility. So I think that we'll see some improvements in expenses. I mean I think overall where we're at right now in the fourth quarter is kind of where we are, but compared to earlier in the year and in past years, I think we've made some dramatic improvements.
Scott Peterson: Can I add one thing, Steve, because I didn’t want to sell our slot [friends short]. Marilyn's put a high priority on -- really she thinks there's a lot of opportunity in our slot revenue.
Scott Peterson: Yeah, absolutely. She's doing a lot of work. I mean I'm meeting with her and a whole team is meeting with her. So I think there's a low-hanging fruit there too. And that's going to be -- a lot of that's going to go straight to the bottom line.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. So we've learned a lot in the last year-and-a-half, I mean since Encore opened. And with the troubled times that the world went through, we had to look at ourselves, and we went back and changed a lot of things. And we got smarter. And we're ready to start taking advantage of that.
Robert Gansmo: Well, you know, Steve, I think that Encore gave us a huge boost, and that came on in April 21, so we haven't seen a full year of Encore's capabilities with us yet. And there's actually still room to grow there. So, especially on the weekends, we're always capacity-constrained with our rooms. And so adding the 414 rooms and suites really helped us out. Another thing that we've done is, as everybody has mentioned, we've added some junkets. And in fact, we continue to modify our floor, to increase capacity with both our VIP and especially also our high-limit mass areas. That's been extremely well-received. The boutique [fill] associated with the Encore casino has really been a boost to our win per unit.
Robert Gansmo: Yeah. I got to tell you that those games over there, we start -- we only started out and opened up, because of its positioning across the street from MGM, we thought that perhaps we needed some lower-limit games, some $100 games. And what we found was the customer presence there was demanding that we raise the limits. So now you won't find a game that's less than $500. In fact, you might have a difficulty finding that sometimes. You've got $500 games, $1,000 games, $2,000, $3,000 games in there.
Robert Gansmo: Sure. I mean, we take a lot of time to understand our customers. We don't use our credit as a marketing tool. We're conservative in our reserve methodology because we don't want to get whipsawed. I think that -- I can't say for sure how the other operators make their judgment calls, but it appears that credit for a time, if you go back to a couple of years, was over-extended. It also appears that some of the operators may have more liberal decision-making processes with respect to credit than we do.
Robert Gansmo: I would not take it that our credit has loosened. I would say that our business volumes have increased. We've made our -- we've kept our reserve methodology the same throughout, and we'll continue to do so in the future.
Ian Coughlan: -- add to just the general market and our opportunity this year, you don't get a lot of transparency in the investment community on what we do behind the scenes, but we're the employer of choice, we're first out of the gate to recognize where our employees' livelihoods need to be improved. We invest a huge amount of money behind the scenes in training and development. We have a massive learning and advancement program in an ever-shrinking employment market. We've weathered nine new casino property openings, four of which claims to be better than Wynn. And we continue to be at the vanguard and at the front of quality in a very, very tight labor market. So there's a lot of work that goes on behind the scenes to keep us ahead of everybody. Our employees recognize that. And there's great consistency in the service delivery of Wynn Macau. And we've seen areas like the mass market where everybody's gone promotional and had bannered their casinos. We've maintained quality. We've tried to improve the offer and we've focused on service delivery. And we reap the rewards of that both in slow times and in busy times.
Ian Coughlan: We continue to be very prudent about junket partnerships. We have more people interested than we require and we add very organically. We're very careful in our due diligence. And the relationships we have with our junket partners are true partnerships. We're very, very careful on how we vet people and whom we allow on property. And looking at the rest of the market, one would say that that may not be the case in certain properties, but certainly Wynn Macau we're conservative and careful. And we benefited from very close engagements with long-term business partners, and the fruits of that can be seen in our results.Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thanks.
Ian Coughlan: I think if you look at the very peak times that happen in the city over the Golden Week holidays, everybody manages to get in, we're able to handle incredibly high volumes. I think the infrastructure side of things is a bit over-talked-about. There are good things happening in the next 18 to 24 months. We have the Pac On Ferry Ferminal, goes through a considerable expansion, the Gongbei Border gate is increasing capacity of daily arrivals by up to 60%. And there's more ferry services being put on line to Macau. So the market seems to be able to handle the additional customer arrivals. So I don't foresee an imminent problem. And the beauty of Cotai coming on stream in late '14, early '15, is the monorail system will be up and running from the Pac On Ferry Terminal around our property on two sides. So the government has reacted, there's more taxis in the marketplace. Macau is a small city. When it's very busy, it does get a little bit choked at key times. But that's the same everywhere in the world.Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Great.
