Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jennie Holiday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated an all-time quarterly record of $226.7 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $561.1 million of operating revenue during the quarter. Higher than normal hold positively impacted EBITDA by around $6 million in Q2. Our hotel occupancy was 90.5% quarter, up 40 basis points versus Q2 2019. Importantly, we stayed true to our luxury brand and continue to compete on quality of product and service experience with our overall ADR reaching $460 during Q2 2022, 38% above Q2 2019 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across food and beverage and retail, which were also well above pre-pandemic levels. . In the casino, our Q2 2022 slot handle was 63% above Q2 2019 levels, and our table dropped was 28% above Q2 2019 level, despite still suppressed international plays during the quarter due to COVID-related travel challenges. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 40.4% in the quarter. On a hold-normalized basis, our EBITDA margin was up over 1,200 basis points compared to Q2 2019. OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day was $3.5 million in Q2 2022, in line with Q2 2019 levels despite a 21% increase in revenue due to lower head count and broad-based cost efficiencies in areas that do not impact experience. We remain committed to maintaining our cost structure that appropriately balance the market on our service standards. In Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDA at $63.7 million through 2022, with EBITDA margin at 13.3%. We saw broad-based strength across casino and non-gaming. In the casino, we generated $181 million of GGR, a property record with strength across both tables and slots. Our nongaming revenue grew 78% year-over-year with particular strength in the hotel, driven by 94.1% occupancy and a $309 ADR. As Craig noted earlier, Q2 strength continued into Q3 as consumer spending on the unique experience remains strong. We stay value disciplined on the cost side with OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day of approximately $1.1 million in Q2 2022. This was a decrease of approximately 13% compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 2019 and up modestly relative to Q1 2022 on higher revenue and higher payroll. As we've previously foreshadowed, contractual loan group reman added around $45,000 per day for our OpEx base beginning late in the quarter. We are well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow the top line over time. Our Macau operations, we delivered a EBITDA of $90.3 million in the quarter on $117.2 million of operating revenue as the COVID situation in the region has continued. As Craig noted, lower-than-normal VIP holds negatively impacted our EBITDA by around $8 million in the quarter. Businesses remained challenging into Q3 as local COVID outbreaks in Macau do the shutdown of integrated resorts for nearly two weeks during July. Despite the closure, our quarter-to-date EBITDA burn was approximately $1 million per day, in line with Q2. Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax, was approximately $1.9 million per day in Q2, a sequential decrease compared to $2.1 million in Q1 2022. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs in a difficult operating environment. Longer term, we're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over time. . Turning to Wynn Interactive. In Q2, the business generated approximately $704 million in total turnover, a decline of 3% sequentially versus Q1 due to a seasonally weaker for calendar. Decreases in marketing expense and other OpEx drove an improvement in our EBITDA burn rate of $21 million in Q2 2022 from $31.5 million in Q1 2022. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of approximately $3.1 billion as of June 30. This is comprised of $1.3 billion of total cash and available in Macau and $1.7 billion in the U.S. These numbers exclude the $500 million intercompany revolving credit facility, Wynn Resort and Wynn with Wynn Macau, which further bolsters our already strong liquidity position in Macau and highlights the continued confidence we have in the long-term prospects for that business. Our previously announced sale leaseback transactions at a real estate Encore Boston Harbor remains on track for a Q4 close. Pro forma for the transaction, we have approximately $4.7 billion of consolidated global cash and liquidity. Importantly, the combination of very strong performance in Las Vegas and Boston with the property generating trailing 12-month EBITDA of just over $1 billion together with our robust liquidity creates a very healthy pro forma domestic leverage profile. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $90 million primarily related to the Wynn Las Vegas room remodel and the set renovation. With that, we'll now open up the call to Q&A.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Well, with that, we'll now close the call. Thank you, everyone, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Our sales team here at Wynn Las Vegas continues to just do an outstanding job, building a really strong base of business for our future. The second half of '22 that we're into now is ahead of pace and '23, we see quite strong. Just to give you a bit a sense of how we're doing the cumulative group bookings in the first half of '22 were 40% above the first half of '19. So the team just continues to build that solid base from which I think we can effectively yield-manage our rooms better next year and as we move into the future.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. I think as we look at it right now, we're pacing to a normal percentage of around roughly 30%. We continue to excel. As far as where we are for next year, we're slightly ahead of where we should -- where we normally are. So we're very confident that we'll hit the number we need to and it continues to contribute to our bottom line in base.
Brian Gullbrants: Yes. When you look at what we've done in July, we actually what the host team and the marketing team and the casino segments have focused on really expanding into markets that we haven't been in before, reaching further into domestic segments that we are seeing great returns on. And year-over-year, both drop and handle are significantly up. I could be happier with the team right now, and they continue to just continue to push with special events and driving weekends. It's just a great balance right now, and we're going to continue to do more of it.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. We've definitely seen a pickup in the international clientele, both from the gaming and nongaming side of our business. Obviously, Canada and Mexico are the first ones that have popped up. We're seeing great traction in the U.K. now. In fact, just came out of a meeting with the LVCVA and the lift out of London is actually at 106% now of what it was in 2019 pre-COVID level. So it means U.K. is back. The biggest opportunity for us moving forward is obviously China. We're not seeing -- it's anemic at this point, and that's all what you all know out there. So right now, our biggest upside is China. We are seeing other Asian business come back, but not to the extent we'd like. So I'm optimistic about what's in the future, and we got a lot of upside, I think, at some point.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. We are ahead of both '19 and obviously '21 and we continue to pick up. We're not going to need to pick up much in the year for the year as we are focused on moving forward with actually a higher number. So we'll have -- we're hoping the highest number of group rooms we've ever had because of the expansion of the convention center we had a couple of years ago. So really starting to grow into that space and take advantage of it. It also allows us with a slightly larger base to yield a little bit better our rates as we move forward into the year. So all encouraging but certainly better than '19 and '21.
Craig Billings: Well, we -- it's a great question, Carlo. We've already scaled back our allocation to some of the lower profitability channels. That's obviously the first thing you do any time you're yield managing. And it's a little bit of a rich man's problem now as we think forward because we have a very healthy casino business, as you saw in the numbers, and we have a very healthy group. So we're attuned to how we optimize that mix, and we'll be doing that over the course of the next couple of quarters. So stay tuned on '23, but we recognize a lot to call it an issue, it's actually an opportunity. We recognize the opportunity, and we will take advantage of it.
Craig Billings: And those new bookings, particularly for new customers in the out years are at a substantially higher ADR.
Craig Billings: Joe, you know us, you've been following us a years, and you know that we're not programmatic about buybacks. We repurchased the stock when we think it's ridiculously cheap. And during Q2, that was certainly the case, particularly from May through the end of the quarter. So we're always balancing liquidity needs, capital deployment for growth and returning capital to shareholders. The wildcard, let's be honest, the wildcard is Macau. So as we get better visibility on Macau over time then we can have more confidence in each particular form of capital deployment and know that we can do them concurrently.
Craig Billings: And Shaun, we acknowledge trees don't grow to the sky, right? I mean you're seeing this in all your Las Vegas names. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we watch the data daily, right? We don't have to look in Las Vegas. We don't have to look after 10 properties. We look after one. And we know everything that's going on in this building. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we don't see, so that's where we are.
Craig Billings: Sure. You're right. August is usually pretty weak in Las Vegas. I think that's probably true or I shouldn't think pretty weak, relatively weak, particularly given the quarter that we've just experienced. So August is usually a pretty slow month. Groups come back in September, and you start to see an increase in occupancy. I talked about the occupancy shifts that we would expect over the course of Q3 in my prepared remarks, and we stand by that. So business is good. In fact, it's really good. But you always see seasonality in the quarter. You can go back and look at historical Q2 to Q3 movement from an EBITDA perspective in percentage terms. And I think you will see seasonality.
Craig Billings: Sure. No problem. So beginning, I think, with our Q3 call, since last year, we talked a little bit about what we were seeing in the market and some of the irrationality that we were seeing in the market. I can say that, that has markedly declined, and that's encouraging. So to see other players in the market behaving reasonably well is great. For us, Massachusetts, I've said this before, Massachusetts was always an important good strapping event for Wynn Bet and for Wynn Interactive as is any movement in our gaming, which we obviously don't see at the moment, but I'm certainly will over the longer term. . So our goal is really to make sure that we are consistently running the business as best we can from a lifetime value to cost per acquisition perspective. So increased retention, increased CPA, increase handle per customer. That's the way we run the business. That has resulted in a declining burn over time, which is in each quarter has sequentially gone by, as we told you it would. That burn could go up modestly with the launch of Massachusetts because we will do some user acquisition. I don't think we'll ever be back in the position that we were in at the launch of last NFL season. We've learned a lot in terms of which marketing channels work and which don't. But the business is -- they're really executing in that portion of our business, and we're watching the market very, very closely. We'll be in Massachusetts day one.
Craig Billings: Well, we are continuing to launch in additional states, and we're continuing to set the foundation in place to grow that business over time as the TAM grows and as our business grows. But Massachusetts, obviously, for obvious reasons, we have the land-based presence there. You've seen market share from fellow market participants in places where they have brick-and-mortar presence, and it obviously warrants prioritizing Massachusetts.
Craig Billings: Well, look, we generated operating leverage all over the building over the course of really the past three or so quarters. And I'm incredibly proud of the team for doing that. If you look at our rates, if you look at what we've done in food and beverage, really every nook and cranny driven operating leverage. So what you're seeing is that really the culmination not of aggressively reducing FTEs or negatively impacting the customer experience but rather pricing. And so we go as -- with that in mind, we go as pricing is, right? And so I'm loath to pin a margin and forecast whether we can maintain a 40% margin, an incredibly healthy margin because what we won't do is gut staffing and degrade the customer experience to even if there is a modest recession. We just don't do that. We're thinking about our brand over a 20-year term, not over a quarter. So I'm allowed to pin a particular margin, but what I can tell you is that the team here is very appropriately managing staffing. We're probably down about 10% from pre-COVID levels. yet our customer satisfaction scores are up, and we are pricing our product appropriately based on the quality of product.
Craig Billings: Well, what we have consistently said is that we'll be driving down the burn each quarter. Now Massachusetts, as I mentioned earlier, I think, to David's question, Massachusetts could change that. But I don't imagine it materially shifting. So it's really kind of immaterial in the grand scheme of things. And so I wouldn't -- I wouldn't spend a bunch of time and brand damage trying to forecast it. The trend should be down with the exception of a few quarters that we might do some user acquisition in Massachusetts as the market opens.
Craig Billings: Sure. we learned to run the business differently before COVID. We've talked about this before. And we completely reevaluated how we do that. And so we are running, I mentioned earlier on about 10% less FTEs than pre-COVID. And we're doing it in an absolute range of the market and stand our customer satisfaction scores are going up. So that's a real testament to the team. So I would consider that at this point, permanent. The operating leverage that we were able to obtain out of the business units, look, as you well know, room prices fluctuate with supply and demand. So you can have positive operating leverage -- deleveraging operating leverage in rooms in a week's notice. On the food and beverage side, I suspect some of it's sticky. I mean, inflation is what it is, and we've been able to drive a decent amount of operating leverage out of the food and beverage portion of the business. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag. But Robin, I guess what I would say is the FTE count is what it is.
