Vincent Zahn: Thank you, Michelle, and good afternoon everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Vincent Zahn: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated a record $186.2 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $493.9 million of operating revenue during the quarter. We estimate low table hold negatively impacted EBITDA by approximately $10 million in the quarter. Overall, our hotel occupancy reached 86% in the quarter, with 91% occupancy on weekends. Importantly, we have stayed true to our luxury brand and continue to compete on quality of product and service experience, with our overall ADR reaching $441 during 4Q '21, 37% above 4Q '19 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across F&B and retail, which were also well above pre-pandemic levels. In the casino, our 4Q '21 slot handle was 40% above 4Q '19 levels, and our table drop was 41% above 4Q '19 levels despite still suppressed international play due to COVID-related travel challenges. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 37.7% in the quarter or approximately 39% when adjusted for low table hold. This was unchanged sequentially and up 1,350 basis points compared to 4Q '19 on a hold-adjusted basis. OpEx per day was $3.18 million in 4Q '21, approximately $145,000 per day above 4Q '19 levels due to a combination of higher cost of goods on materially higher nongaming revenue along with special event costs, including the Kafka, DeChambeau [ph], Golf match, among others. We remain committed to maintaining a cost structure that appropriately balances margin and our exacting service standards in Las Vegas. In Boston, we generated another record quarter with adjusted property EBITDA of $68.2 million in 4Q '21, with an EBITDA margin of 33.4%. We saw broad-based strength across the casino combined with solid hotel performance, which was aided by a favorable calendar set up during the quarter.  As Craig noted, regarding in Las Vegas and consistent with some of our regional peers, Omicron along with bad weather temporarily disrupted our performance at EVH in January. Encouragingly, we have already seen signs of improvement in the business as case counts have decreased across the region. At EVH, we remained very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day of $1 million in 4Q '21, excluding a $2 million nonrecurring accrual reversal. This was a decrease of over 20% compared to $1.3 million per day in 4Q '19 and a modest increase relative to $950,000 per day in 3Q '21, with the sequential increase driven by improved business volumes and increased operating hours, most notably from the hotel opening of full seven days per week beginning on September 1. Looking ahead, we expect OpEx to increase modestly due to higher payroll, stemming from onetime contractual labor agreements coming into effect in 2022, which will add around $45,000 per day to our OpEx base. We are well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow top line over time in Boston. Our Macau operations delivered an EBITDA loss of $25.9 million in the quarter on $325.7 million of operating revenue. Our EBITDA included a onetime bad debt provision that negatively impacted EBITDA by $24 million during the quarter. So we would have been essentially breakeven adjusting for that. While business in 4Q was challenging due to the evolving COVID situation, we remain disciplined on costs. Our OpEx, excluding gaming taxes and the onetime provision I noted, was approximately $2.2 million per day in the fourth quarter, essentially unchanged sequentially. We continue to be well positioned to drive strong operating leverage in Macau as our businesses recover. Turning to Wynn Interactive. In 4Q, the business generated approximately $785 million in total turnover, a 20% sequential increase relative to 3Q. Top line growth, combined with decreases in marketing spend and other OpEx, drove an improvement in our EBITDA burn rate to $79 million in 4Q '21 versus $104 million in 3Q '21. Since quarter end, we've continued to thoughtfully grow the business with launches in New York and Louisiana, and the initial reception from our customers has been very encouraging. Turning to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong, with global cash and revolver availability of $3.6 billion as of 12/31. In Macau, we had approximately $1.7 billion of available liquidity as of 12/31 In the U.S., we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.9 billion at 12/31. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $78 million, and we remain prudent with respect to CapEx while we gain further confidence in the recovery. With that, Michelle, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Vincent Zahn: No, there isn't. It doesn't trigger any of those provisions that would cause the breakage and call us and force us to call the debt. So the answer is no to that. Total transaction costs should be somewhere in the $50 million range. So net proceeds will be $1.65 billion. As far as it relates to the escalator, there are no coverage provisions on the escalator. It's 1.75% for the first 10 years. Then after at least year 11 and beyond, it's the greater of CPI or 1.75%, and that's capped at 2.5%. And you can go look at some of the lease comps, particularly in Las Vegas and see how favorably that package compares. There are no minimum CapEx requirements, which was very important to us. So those are kind of some of the high-level details of the lease, Carlo.
Vincent Zahn: Yes, sure. I'll take that, Joe. So in Vegas, we're pretty much back to regular maintenance levels of $75 million to $85 million per year in Vegas. Beyond core maintenance, Craig noted that we are reconstructing the rev data putting a new show in place. That has a budget of $120 million, of which about $30 million spent through 12/31. The rest against -- the remainder will get spent ratably in 2022. We're renovating the Wynn Las Vegas tower rooms with a total budget of $220 million, of which $120 million has been spent. Same thing there. The balance will be spent over the remainder of 2022. In Boston, the property is essentially new. So maintenance will only be in the $20 million range there, mostly repositioning of nongaming amenities at that property. We could have some modest CapEx towards the end of the year for the Easter Broadway expansion that Craig noted. The budget there is going to be somewhere in the $200 million to $250 million range, and that will basically be spent under a normal CapEx S-curve over '23 and '24. And in Macau, we're still being very judicious with CapEx until the return of stronger demand levels there. So core maintenance is expected to total $60 million to $80 million for 2022 on a property combined basis.
Vincent Zahn: Yes. The only thing I would add is just to kind of pay attention to the seasonality, right? As we add seasonal amenities in 2Q into 3Q, there's some seasonality to OpEx that obviously comes with additional revenue streams. Apart from that, I think Craig covered it really well.
Craig Billings: And I would just add to that, Carlo, we've said before, I can't remember if it's been on calls or in other forums. By 2019, 80-something percent of our EBITDA was from sources other than VIP. So we started our journey of diversification really with the opening of Palace in 2016, and we have become very, very capable marketers over the course of the past five years. So I kind of look at Macau, and I see an amazing setup where investor expectations are pretty low. And we have the opportunity to kind of chart our own destiny. And frankly, that's what this company has done for years and years and years, particularly here in Las Vegas.  So we're excited about a market that is higher margin premium mass and customers that may be traveling to Macau for motivations other than just purely gaming.
Craig Billings: Well, let me start, and then I'm going to ask Vince to give you some details. We've been pretty explicit about our views on sale leasebacks. And I think this one is unique because the lease, which you'll see attached to the 8-K and you can tear it apart yourself, is incredibly unique. It's very, very flexible and very friendly to us as the OpCo. And that was incredibly important to us.  Because, as I said in my prepared remarks, I never want to choose between the landlord and our people. Our people are our service levels and our service levels are our brand. So you're going to find a whole bunch of unique things in that lease that I think many of them probably precedent setting. But to your specific questions, I'll ask Vince to chime in.
Craig Billings: Sure. It's important. I want to remind you, it doesn't close until the end of the year. So we'll be in a different position at the end of the year vis-a-vis Macau. Our hope is that Vegas and Boston continue to hum along. So with that caveat, a sale-leaseback really isn't any different than raising debt in the bond market.  So if we were raising debt in the bond markets at this rate today, we would think about it is how do we grow our business? And are there more expensive or more restrictive pieces of debt that we should be taking out? So we'll see how things evolve over the course of the year, but that's how we think about it today. We've got a room remodel in Vegas. We've got a show in Vegas. We've got an expansion in and around on Encore Boston Harbor, and we have a really exciting project in the UAE that is kind of almost shovel ready.  So across all of those, there's a whole bunch of great things we can do to drive incremental EBITDA. And then there are some expensive pieces of debt, including the bonds that we did when we, I think, reopened the high-yield market in the midst of COVID that would prove beneficial to shareholders as well.
Craig Billings: Yes, sure. So first, we don't comment on market rumors or random press reports. We've been pretty -- we were pretty explicit on the third quarter call about not engaging in the unsustainable user acquisition blitz that has emerged, no pun intended this NFL season and that we would take a more measured approach. The I-gaming business, where we have actually seen pretty reasonable success, there's a logical place for us in that business longer term. Unfortunately, it's not a humongous TAM right now. Sports betting is the total addressable market and sports betting is where most of the irrational behavior is taking place. So we will generate shareholder value from that business. I think the way we think about it is we're going to be really focused on the user acquisition flip side. We're going to be focused on the product side, and we're going to see how the end markets really behave over the course of the next several quarters, and then we'll figure it out accordingly.
Craig Billings: And Joe, just one other point on the Boston CapEx. One of the unique aspects of the lease that we entered into is the ability to put some additional rents into the lease really upon completion of that expansion at a specified cap rate, which will in turn allow us to more than get our money back.
Craig Billings: Yes, it's a great question, Thomas. As we think about logical adjacencies for our business, we think about everything under the sun. We're constantly thinking about ways to increase shareholder value. I think it is a pivotal moment. Can it be replicated? We'll see. But it's an important moment where we're entering into really a 4-season style management deal for the creation of an integrated resort. Is that extendable to smaller properties in gateway cities? It may be. That's something that we'll explore.
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start with the latter and then move to the former. So think about it this way. When we open that property, 95% of the world's population will be within an 8-hour flight of a Wynn resource property. I don't think anybody else can say that. So this is not only opportunity to leverage our pre-existing database, but it's an opportunity to grow database. The Dubai Airport has some 80-plus million passengers passing through it every year. I mean, it's astounding. The UAE is already a substantial destination for not only the region but for Europe, for Brits, for Germans, for really folks from all over the place. So this is a significant customer acquisition opportunity and a really material extension of our brand. In terms of how do we underwrite it, -- it's a $2 billion project. My presumption is that it will be 50% debt, 50% equity, of which we will be 25% to 40%. And then obviously, we have the management contract sitting on top of it. The land is astounding, beautiful and like I said before, nearly shovel-ready. So execution risk from a construction perspective, as we see it, is pretty low.
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start, and then I'll ask Brian to provide you with his thoughts. Yes, Q4 was definitely a range. It was impressive. The team did really an incredible job. If you look back over the course of '21, we saw pretty substantial leisure and gaming demand. I think that's consistent across the market, although I would say we have continued to distinguish ourselves from a service and quality perspective. And -- but there are also a lot of customer types that weren't around, right? International play wasn't around. Group and convention was quite spotty and very concentrated into a couple of periods, one of which was, in fact, the fourth quarter. So that obviously helped the fourth quarter. January, if you look forward, January was, as we noted, soft because of Omicron. We're already seeing the demand snap back from that. Brian, do you want to comment on kind of the structure of that demand or any additional thoughts you might have. 
Craig Billings: Sure. I guess, first, I would say there's really two factors that come into play. The first is cost of capital, which is an important consideration, but not the only one. The second is the operational structure of the asset and how conducive it is to operating with lease. And so in Boston, in the transaction in Boston, we were able to achieve both an attractive cost of capital, and that asset is based on the stability of revenues in the regional markets. And the much lighter CapEx burden relative to say Las Vegas made it a logical financing source for us, which is really what it was. We weren't in the market just to raise cash, right? This was a cost of capital question first and foremost. So we're not going to be in the market with land or any other ancillary assets around the property -- in the properties anytime soon.
Craig Billings: Well, I'm not -- I know we know every no can potential source of leakage, but we're not interested in selling land. We have a 20-year view -- 20-plus year view when we think about Las Vegas. We love our portfolio here. And all of that land has real long-term value to shareholders. So it's not even worth talking about, David.
Craig Billings: Yes. We're always thinking about something. That's kind of who we are. So we have a number of things that we're looking at really in response to the evolution of the market across food and beverage, across the adjacent land. I guess the best I could say at this point is stay tuned.
Craig Billings: Yes. We're interested in a number of jurisdictions. If it's a gateway city, if it's a limited number of licenses, if it has reasonable tax rates and reasonable regulations, we are interested in it. So everything is -- you follow New York carefully, everything is too early to really provide any concrete guidance at this point. But we're active in New York, we're active anywhere there's a material opportunity to deploy capital.
Craig Billings: All right, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day.
