Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that, we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated an all-time record of $231.6 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $586.8 million of operating revenue during the quarter. Higher-than-normal hold positively impacted EBITDA by around $4 million in Q1. Our hotel occupancy was 88.8% in the quarter, up 1,190 basis points year-over-year and up 620 basis points versus Q1 2019. Importantly, we've stayed true to our luxury brand and continue to compete on quality of product and service experience with our overall ADR reaching a record $493 during Q1 2023, up 14.1% versus Q1 2022 and 46% above Q1 2019 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across food and beverage, entertainment and retail, which were up nicely year-over-year and also well above pre-pandemic levels. In the casino, our Q1 2023 slot handle increased 33.5% year-over-year and with 99% of our Q1 2019 level. Similarly, our table drop was up 9.6% year-over-year and was 49% of our Q1 2019 levels. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 39.5% in the quarter. On a hold-normalized basis, our EBITDA margin was up approximately 300 basis points year-over-year at approximately 1,400 basis points compared to Q1 2019. OpEx excluding gaming tax per day was $3.7 million in Q1 2023, which was flat sequentially and up 20% compared to Q1 2019 levels, but well below the 46% increase in operating revenues. Turning to Boston. We generated adjusted property EBITDA of $63.4 million with EBITDA margin of 29.3%. We saw broad-based strength across casino and non-gaming during the quarter. In the casino, we generated $191 million of GGR, a property record with strength in both tables and slots. Our non-gaming revenue grew 21% year-over-year to $50.9 million with particular strength in hotel and food and beverage. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx excluding gaming tax per day of approximately $1.17 million in Q1 2023. This is up relative to Q1 2022 on increased business volumes and flat sequentially. As we've discussed on prior calls, the year-over-year EBITDA and OpEx comps were impacted by contractual labor agreements, which added around $45,000 per day to our OpEx base beginning late in Q2 2022. We're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow the top line over time. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $155.8 million in the quarter on $600.1 million of operating revenues. Lower-than-normal VIP hold negatively impacted EBITDA by around $10 million in Q1. As Craig noted, we were encouraged by the meaningful uptick in visitation and demand we experienced during the quarter with particular strength in mass casino and luxury retail sales. Our OpEx excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.3 million per day in Q1, a decrease compared to $3.2 million in Q1 2019 and up modestly from Q4 despite meaningful sequential increase in business volumes. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs, and we're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over time. In terms of CapEx, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on our concession commitments. And as we noted last quarter, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx in the very near term. As such, for 2023, we continue to expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $50 million to $220 million. Turning to Wynn Interactive. Our EBITDA burn rate decreased both sequentially and year-over-year to $21.1 million in Q1 2023. Our team continues to stay disciplined on cost, while driving improved marketing efficiencies. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of approximately $4.7 billion as of March 31. This was comprised of $1.6 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and $3.1 billion in the US. Importantly, the combination of very strong performance in Las Vegas and Boston with the properties generating over $1.1 billion of adjusted property EBITDA in the 12 months through March 31, together with our robust liquidity, creates a very healthy leverage profile in the US. As Craig noted, with our properties performing well in each of our markets and our robust liquidity, we're pleased to announce that the Board approved the resumption of our quarterly dividend with a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on June 6, 2023, to stockholders of record as of May 23, 2023, highlighting our commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $124 million primarily related to the spa and villa renovations and F&B enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas and normal course maintenance across the business. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you. Well, with that, we'll close the call. Thank you for your interest in Wynn Resorts and we look forward to sharing more information with you next quarter.
Craig Billings: Sure. No problem. Carlo, thanks for the question. So first, it's important to note, we don't normalize for mass hold. And so when we talk about normalized numbers, they don't include any unusually low hold in that. And we did hold low in mass at Wynn Macau in the quarter. But certainly, and I called it out for a reason, Wynn Palace is leading the charge amongst our two properties as the market comes back. There's really a few factors at play. I think everybody who follows Macau closely knows that GGR and visitation were somewhat disconnected in the initial wave in that you had a lot of dedicated players come back. A lot of those players -- well all -- most of those players are rated players. And they weren't coming with tour groups. They were coming as individual visitors and they disproportionately, at least within our business, ended up at Wynn Palace on Cotai when Macau historically has been more exposed to our group business, general unrated business, et cetera, et cetera. So I'm not surprised from that perspective that Wynn Palace led Wynn Macau. That's the first point. The second point is that there are a number of changes that we're making to Wynn Macau. The property needs to be refreshed, and we're making those changes now. We did start those in Q1, including some pretty significant refreshment of the East, East casino there, which disrupted significant numbers of pits concurrently. They were effectively closed during the quarter. So that also had an impact. So I think as the market continues to recover, as more unrated play comes back to the market, as more tour groups come back to the market, then we'll get the natural benefit downtown. And then, of course, we're trying to make the property the best that it can be to take as much market share as we possibly can. But in the interim, as I said, I would expect Palace to lead Wynn Macau.
Craig Billings: Well – thanks, Carlo. Yes, the dividend, we -- as we always talk about with our investors, the dividend is the cornerstone of our capital return strategy. And the US business is getting plenty of cash flow Macau is coming back quickly and so now we are doing exactly what you just alluded to. We're balancing these high-ROI development projects in Boston and the UAE. We're preserving a bit of capital related to New York City to the extent that, that advances. And on the other side, our desire to re-implement that dividend and return capital. So we felt like this initial dividend was a great place to start. And from there, stay tuned. We'll see how we grow it over time.
Craig Billings: Well, thanks, Joe. The market is structurally different than it was in 2019 and before for a few reasons. I think the change in the junket environment and the shift to mass is well understood. On the OpEx side, the concessionaires were encouraged to and generally did maintain labor throughout the course of the shutdown. There are components of the labor pool where I think all of us were able to -- particularly with respect to some foreign labor, where we were able to trim. And so I think I've heard comments from some of our competitors that they were bringing labor back on, particularly on the housekeeping side, et cetera, et cetera. I think that's generally true for us. We have been operating at full capacity since the day the market reopened. We're probably light in a couple of labor categories, not high-dollar labor categories. So I don't think we're in a situation where certainly our fixed costs are going to meaningfully accelerate as the market accelerates. And I would expect some pretty healthy operating leverage coming out of the business over the course of the next couple of years. If you look at where Palace printed this quarter, you can look at that relative to 2019, and you can see that there was distinct margin improvement. Our service levels certainly haven't degraded versus 2019. So I'm pretty bullish.
Craig Billings: Well, I would just say our average EBITDA per day in April was up over our average EBITDA per day in Q1. You saw what the market did. The market grew quite healthy from both February to March and then March to April. And we had 14% share in the first quarter. So I think you can probably do the math from there.
Craig Billings: Sure. I think, it's Shaun, I think it's honestly a little bit too early to forecast the overall trajectory of VIP, both direct and junket. But certainly, we were pleased with turnover in both the quarter and subsequent to, including Golden Week. I think it's a testament to how much Macau in general and we, in particular, have to offer those customers, including those from broader Asia. So we're watching the situation closely. Stay tuned. I don't think there's been a lot of, frankly, changes in terms of how we execute in direct. We certainly have developed some incremental relationships, player referral relationships outside of the traditional markets, and that's part of the broader mandate to improve international visitation to Macau. But the way that we underwrite credit, the way we think about extending credit, none of that has changed. So we'll see how it develops over the course of the next couple of quarters. But overall, I think we've been pleasantly surprised.
Craig Billings: The material impact will subside this quarter. So we had the portions of the main floor on the east side closed at various points throughout Q1. That's complete. Now we're doing some work in some of our adjacent salons, and that will complete this quarter. There's a number of other things that will have a longer tail, but it shouldn't impact revenue the same way.
Craig Billings: Yeah, sure. Think about it as a $4 billion project for now. Think about it as 50% equity, 50% construction-related financing with the exact percentage TBD. Think about the equity going in pro rata with the construction cost, that's always a debate you have with the financing sources. So we'll see how that goes, but that's the way that I would model it for now. I've talked a bit about this on prior calls. The market in Dubai from a non-gaming perspective is incredibly healthy. If you look at ADRs, if you look at spend on food and beverage, if you look at spend on luxury retail, it's tremendous. And so we think that this -- the more time we spend there, we think that this business is much more akin to our Las Vegas business than it is, say, Macau or Boston, which are primarily gaming-centric markets. So we think that this will be a healthy balance of gaming, non-gaming and that that will allow us to provide a very full and high-quality experience and generate very healthy returns.
Craig Billings: Yeah. So there's probably 500 basis points of low mass hold, plus or minus. You have the statistics in the press release, you have drops, so you can apply that to it. And the construction disruption, we have not quantified.
Craig Billings: Well, thanks, Robin. I think what's unknown at this point is the denominator in your equation. So we don't know what total VIP will be yet, right? We need to really see how that develops over the course of the next couple of quarters. There's really no legal or structural impediments to us returning to our prior direct VIP business or, frankly, exceeding it. It's unaffected by -- generally unaffected by the legal changes that happened. So I think that we were…
Craig Billings: No. There's no reason that we couldn't do that, other than credit underwriting. What we won't do is underwrite players that we're not comfortable with from an asset perspective. So with that caveat, no, there's nothing that could stop that.
Craig Billings: And we have -- again, as Brian said, it's proven to be interesting. I think everybody, at least that we talk to on the sell side and the buy side, keeps waiting for a shoe to drop in Vegas. And it hasn't to date. Now, we have a 2023 playbook, 2024 playbook for every possible scenario because we learned how to operate our business incredibly efficiently as we went through all the various iterations of COVID. So we feel great about where we are. We're ready for anything, and we'll see how we go.
Craig Billings: Sure. It's early, right? And a wise person once told me that half of great strategic thinking is ignoring noise, and there is a tremendous amount of noise in the market in Q1. We had competitors with rooms out of commission. We had whole volatility because in the early portion of the quarter when you have lower volumes, you inherently have whole volatility. You have a lot of things. You have the market compounding month-over-month and growing month-over-month and creates a lot of noise. But in general, I would say that the market is coming back much more quickly than anybody would have thought of certainly six, nine months ago. It's incredibly good to see. The margin profile of the businesses across Macao looks pretty strong, which would indicate to me that reinvestment rates are relatively disciplined, which is good. And I think that overall, the behavior in the market is quite rational. So, I think the next couple of months, the next quarter, quarter and a half, I think will be telling to see what the pace and size of the recovery is. If you -- I mean you can imagine that we're run rating $22 billion of GGR right now. For us, if you kind of roll the business forward and do your modeling, what you'll find is that at around $26.5 billion of GGR, our combined properties start to produce the EBITDA -- something close to the EBITDA that they produced in 2019, which is pretty unbelievable. And so I think as you see the market continue to gain momentum, and we've all -- all of us in that market have been around the back many, many times, we've been through ups, downs and everything else, I think you'll see the concessionaires behave relatively rationally. And I think it's good for the market. It's good for us. It's good for them.
