Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan; Ciaran Carruthers; Frederic Luvisutto; and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Sure. Happy to. So I guess I would respond to that from two perspectives. The first is that we're in the midst now of integrating Wynn rewards into our products. You'll see more of that in the presentation here in about 30 minutes. So we'll have Wynn rewards fully integrated into the product. And we do believe that will that will generate benefit for the land based business. We obviously have a pretty robust database in North America, about 13 million folks. And so that will, that will in return benefit WynnBET. Then the second component to that is really Massachusetts. So there's a few different retail and online sports betting bills floating around in Massachusetts right now. And while the timing is TBD, we would be hopeful that something gets done this year. And we're going to be ready to go day one in the event that legalization has passed and we have very strong homecourt advantage there. So, I think the integration of the digital product there where we have a two plus billion dollar asset in the middle of Boston will prove to be very fruitful for both businesses.
Craig Billings: No, I think you said it well. The benefits of Wynn Resorts comes through the equity ownership. But certainly there are intercompany arrangements representing the brand and consumables on property that WynnBET may use. And, just as a example, as we've been -- we've launched WynnBET now in six states. We’ve seen various customers, getting really excited about the bricks-and-mortar experience and the ability to participate in both sides of that. We've had one customer in the northeast transfer hundreds of 1000s of dollars to one of our casinos. And we offer lots of rewards. That would include being, picked up on a plane and their villa and all the things that we do at Las Vegas, being able to offer that always sounded like the right idea, but we're already seeing how excited our WynnBET customers are to take advantage of that. So I fully anticipate that WynnBET will have a very large database, and that the companies will be able to utilize those for both our bricks-and-mortar experience and the online experience.
Craig Billings: And I would just add to that, Robin, you're right. The junket business has been evolving, but we've been evolving too. And so a lot of those players are actually playing directly with the operators. Right. So we've been pivoting resources to better serve those customers, as we've talked about kind of ad nauseum, both physical resources and, and service personnel. And so we're well positioned to deal with the transition, whatever that transition ultimately looks like.
