Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. I just like to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws, and with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve Wynn for opening comments.
Matt Maddox: On the financing, as you've seen in the press release, Sean, we are talking about Wynn Macau Limited being a regular recurring dividend-paying company with a target yield of 1% to 3%. So if you run through the math, you'll see that that's anywhere in the neighborhood of less than 50% of the cash flow. So when I think about financing it, we'll probably put an extra add-on to our bank facility down there. Once we really know what the final budget is, and then use the substantial free cash flow. But what you give with Wynn Macau is, you get both the dividend-paying company and the growth of Cotai. So we want to be able to execute and we will execute both.
Matt Maddox: I think we've talked about in the past couple of calls about one segment, where I think we're starting to see more stability and that was hardest hit coming into the recession mostly Convention and Group business. And so we've seen that improved. I feel pretty good coming into next year. The amount of business that we currently have on the books committed, I mean, to give you a comparison last year coming into this year, we had about 35% of our convention room nights on the books. And going into next year, we're looking at 65% of our convention room nights on the books. So we're happy to see that segment is going to return to somewhere between 18%, 19% of our overall occupancy. And also we're seeing some rate improvement. The hardest hit in terms of the segments, in terms of the overall rate decline and we saw that bottomed out. We're starting to see some rate improvement there as well. So if I think about the different segments, I would say the Convention segment is the one that is showing stability and signs of growth.
Matt Maddox: I have one word to explain what I've seen in Cotai. I think it's irresistible. That's the way I would describe it if I was the customer.
Stephen Wynn: Yes. So the situation in Japan is provocative as inviting as potentially wonderful as it might be for the citizens of Japan and for a company that could be of service in the construction of such an industry like ourselves or any of the other fellas. We're not quite clear on a schedule or the exact description of the chain of events that would lead to the development of an industry like this in Japan. There are some very influential and intelligent men in government in Japan that feel that it maybe appropriate to do this. And that's encouraging. And then of course everybody knows who they are, and is trying to put the best foot forward. That's it.
Stephen Wynn: Well, I'll talk about one part of it because Kim Sinatra is here. It's a strange thing for Westerners to understand how it works in Macau sometimes. You lease the land with ground rent from the government for a specific purpose and you must comply with that purpose when you ask for the concession. And the amount of money you pay for the concession is directly related to the purpose and the amount of footage and the description of the footage on the property. They commit to the property for you in advance and allow you, in our case, to put a fence around it, to build a warehouse. The final lease payment is determined by the publication of the plan in the gazette. Prior to that time, you're encouraged to go ahead and begin. And we do. And hotels are built that way. Sometimes the gazette process trails, but in all cases, you are given instructions by the government in advance on what to do and what you're allowed to do as we have been given in the past two years. So that's why there's a warehouse and plans and our procedure has gone all the way to the end of the regulatory process to execute the final lease and that will happen in the next several weeks. But as far as the commitment that you have to use the property and do your project, you get that way in advance, and we've got that. And it comes in writing as a matter of fact. That came quite a while ago. So there's stability, there's predictability there. Again, I stress, it's not like here we nobody knows what to expect tomorrow because of our particular political problems we've had in the past two years with this administration. But in Macau, it's not that way at all. I mean there's rules and there's procedures and you follow them. And then you go about your business.
Stephen Wynn: Well, we're at it, the Board of Directors today voted a special dividend of $8 a share payable on December 7. Another promo, another piece of good news associated by our extraordinary capital structure and our cash flows still leaves us with a huge amount of excess capital and the freedom that many of our competitors don't enjoy financially. But it's good news for our shareholders who we believe should be the principal beneficiaries of this company's activities. And that has been our pattern over the past, ever since the inception of Wynn resorts to take the interest of the shareholders first and considering the whole picture in this country. It was good time for a special dividend.
Stephen Wynn: We are a top-end operator. We cater the better people with the five stars and the five diamond service in the [ph]. We are a niche operator. We try and have the best hotel in every market that we're in. That means our customers are discriminating, well-to-do, very intelligent people. And they have money. And in the United States of America, people with money have been in the defensive crouch if they run a business because of the administration in Washington. It's an anti-business, socialistic and aggressively anti-business. We've never seen like this in our life. Where there's a cross here, printed on the back of anybody that creates jobs or makes money. My customers, my guests are frightened of these people. And so they are clutching their bankrolls and hiding out. Now what's going to affect the Las Vegas and companies like MGM and The Venetian and myself, our gang will be, the phrase they use is consumer confidence. But its absence of fear. Once the businessmen and -- all this cash in America is being held on the side, it maybe a couple of trillion. It's locked up. Unfortunately, most of it is being lent to the government at no interest and treasuries. Between the family and the company, we have probably couple of billion dollars in treasury bills with no interest. Nobody wants to take their bankroll out of their pocket because they don't know what's going to happen to them. The minute that this election is straightened out and this administration is properly put in its place, I believe there's going to be a change in consumer confidence in America. And if they're smart enough in Washington to not touch with the tax rate that we enjoy now, you will see businesses heave a sigh of relief and there'll be a lot of unexpected good things happen. If this money that's on the side comes out, it's not only good for Las Vegas, it's good for America. And if we get some people in there that stops squandering money, and the government will even be in better shape. And we get some intelligent leadership on entitlements, there's going to wave of confidence and optimism in America that will radically and rapidly change the doldrums that we're in. One of the problems we got is that the people who are in elected positions in Washington do not have the intellectual firepower to deal with the problems or understand them in America today. The damned farm system for the Washington is the state legislature. For example, that really affects our business, we've been told over and over again by the President that everybody who's got $250,000 a year income or more is a rich person that should pay their fair share, presumably because we're not now. Well, the fact of the matter is that the personal tax rate is the business tax of small and medium businesses in America. And the people that are making $2 million and $3 million and $4 million in subchapter S corporations are proprietorships or partnerships. They're paying their taxes as individuals. They're subtracting their income expenses and then paying a tax as ordinary tax rates and then opening up shops and new offices with what the balance of the $2 million or $3 million or $4 million or $5 million they're making. And incidentally, they're not really making the $2 million or $3 million or $4 million or $5 million. Usually, 25% or 30% of that is tied up in inventory or accounts receivable. And yet, in spite of this overwhelming truth, the President of the United States and leaders of the parties that support him keep calling everybody who files a tax return with $250,000 or more a rich person. It is a total and deliberate misstatement of the structure of the American economy. It's a form of hypocrisy that defies understanding. It's also an insult to the intelligence of the American people. An insult, which I think is going to be answered as this day proceeds very clearly by the voters. But this kind of foolishness and hypocrisy has to stop. And that's when people come to Las Vegas, to spend money, go shopping and do all the other things they do, it will loosen things up. And we call all of these consumer confidence. Right now, it's consumer disgust and fear of -- when our leaders in Washington are guilty of blatant hypocrisy, anybody with a brain in their head is frightened by it. And I think that when that disappears, if it does tonight, we're going to see a much a more optimistic frame of mind in the United States that will directly benefit Las Vegas. And if Harry Reid survives his challenge in this election, I think Harry will go back to a Senate with a different flavor. And I think that maybe Harry will be in a position to help Nevada more than he has in the past with the different constituency in the Senate and it will be good for Las Vegas. Those are the things to look at for this town. We are very much a sounding board for America.
Stephen Wynn: The answer is yes, but I think it's probably a pretty good idea to keep our cards closed to the vest and talk about deals we've made instead of ones that we want to make.
Stephen Wynn: We went public so that we could have shareholders like you and our other strong institutional shareholders, and Ron Baron and others. And It's been a source of strength because the institutional shareholdings that company like ours hold when we're lucky enough to enjoy that kind of institutional ownership. It gives us stability to the base of the company that would otherwise be impossible. And incidentally, Tom, I don't know how, since you and I are talking to each other in front of everybody else, I don't know after tonight how this administration could possibly interpret the mood of America any differently than what the results are clearly going to show, which is a rebuke and repudiation of this move towards massive government expansion overcontrol and ridiculous, ridiculous is the only word for it, spending. And I don't know how this President or any member of that administration or politician, regardless of party, could stand up and not get the message from the citizens of this country that, that stuff doesn't go. It's got to change, Democrat or Republican. And I vote both ways. It's got to stop or America is headed for problems that -- I mean, one of the reasons I'm so angry about this, and there's no question I am, is that I have always had a sort of a protective attitude towards my employees. I consider us a family. And I've always thought that we, as a company, if we stayed healthy, that we could protect our employees in every way possible. And now I see the government destroying the value of the dollar, lowering the quality of life and the standard of living for the working class of America, the very people that they're supposed to represent. And sure, we're going to give paychecks out, but they're going to be $0.60 on a dollar paychecks. And all these people are coming up for Social Security and Medicare. They're going to get paid with $0.60 and $0.70 on a dollar, dollars. I remember hearing the President say that the middle class has gone down and the rich get richer. The reason the middle-class relative position deteriorates, if it does at all, is because of the government. Not because of people that creates jobs and build companies. It's because of the government. And what happened now is the American public has awakened to this miserable truth. And they see right through with phony rhetoric. And if that's true, we're going to get a different kind of leadership in Congress that recognizes what it takes to run this country properly using common sense. And that's the reason that I think that this stinging rebuke that the President is going to get tonight has to have a proper effect on him and other like-thinking hypocrites.
Stephen Wynn: More customers, longer stays, everything that the government of Macau intended to happen in Macau is happening. Here's a government with a plan, with a common sense plan, and they employed experts to execute the plan. A bunch of us that do this sort of thing. Instead of it being a day-trip market, the length of stay has elongated. The amount of spending on non-casino has increased. The total amount of visitation has grown at a steady, wonderful pace under the control of the government. Employment is stable. Earnings are stable or growing. It's another example of solid political leadership in the local Macau government level and in the policy direction and support that the central government in Beijing gives Macau. I've been there nine years and the contrast to last two years between this and China is something I've commented on publicly before. But it's even more clear at the very moment that we're speaking today than ever before. I mean everything that they wanted, by opening the monopoly situation in 2002 has happened right on mark. Very Chinese. Have a program, outline the program and stick to it. That's what they do over there. And if you're part of it, you're fortunate. And we are very fortunate to have been allowed to participate.
Stephen Wynn: Well, as we've raised our rates and our hotel rates have started to slowly climb again, we're getting that visitor that is more well-rounded and got a deeper pocket too, so they play longer. Andrew can comment and Marc Schorr is here. Either one of those guys -- really this is the ballpark they live in every day.
Stephen Wynn: Domestic business in the last two quarters has been better. I think it's all anticipation of this election to be honest with you. It's been pretty clear what's going to happen in Washington for about four or five months. And I think that has taken hold. The effect of the government on this economy, the perception of the government in this economy can not be overstated. The psychological impact that has been -- that the government's policies have had has been a major factor in prolonging the recession.
Stephen Wynn: The boss lady is here, Linda Chen. And I'm going to let her deal with this because it is her -- since she graduated Cornell, I won't say when, it's been her issue with us.
Stephen Wynn: Linda, could you speak a little louder, a little slower. I want them to understand the point you're making. Start that explanation over again.
Stephen Wynn: For example, if she has used the phrase short-term advantage. The reason it's short-term is because you don't make any money. You get bad debts and what happens is, the company has fired the dimwitted executive that did it. I been watching this for 42 years and you see one President after another get dumped one marketing tie after another gets switched. And then a new guy comes in or a new lady comes in and sanity returns and the bottom line returns and they realize finally, and irrevocably, there is only one way known to mankind to increase business, and that is by increasing the quality of customer experience. This market in China is a repeat market, they come once a week. And the quality of their experience is the only thing that matters. Consistency is what they depend upon. Predictability is what they want, just like everything else alike. Predictability, consistency, when you get the short-term thinking nitwits jumping around, it just means that pretty soon there'll be a new name on the business card. I've been watching it for 42 years, I mean, it's very difficult. It's almost unimaginable that you would need to explain at this day and age that all the casinos in Macau were paying the right amount of commission. That is to say the most amount they could give and maintain a stable business. And then some Yahoo shows up and says, "What go up by 20%?" We just discovered juicy fruit. It is the dumbest thing I've ever seen. We watched this happen because there's always a new dumbbell. And then there's an ex-dumbbell and until finally they end up with someone who knows how to run the business properly and they pay attention to what really does increase market share or market penetration and that is the quality of the customer experience. And that is all there is to say about this subject. And if you see somebody given more money away than the rest of us can give to attract the customers more promotional allowances, then you are looking at the walking dead. Call that person a zombie because their days are numbered.
Stephen Wynn: Well, the second part of your question is an interesting one for the moment, cannibalization. When I sit down with my colleagues and although my name maybe on the sign, the projects belong to all of us and a reflection of all of us, not me. And when I sit with them and say who are we going to be in Cotai and can we afford to have the two places, are we just going to cannibalize the one we've got. The answer comes back from Linda and company and Ian and company and JD and Doreen and Frankie Zhao [ph] and all my colleagues, no, Steve, we're not going to cannibalize it. This market growth, we are right on schedule. We didn't build each one of the things we built. We built in due course. We let sands go first with the one that they built with the down and dirty quick one, the sands. We took our time and we opened Wynn, and then we took our time and we added tower at Encore and our penetration got better. We didn't cannibalize anything. We increased our fair share. We planned and took our time and we're ready now to build and we're starting to build Cotai because we knew, understanding market rates of growth and seeing that the operation of our competitors have been learning from that, that we would arrive at the date of opening that would allow us to achieve parity with our operation on the peninsula. And grow intelligently with our feet underneath us, gathered up and collected, like a good show horse that goes over a jump, collected. So I think that we're going to make a lot of money on Cotai. I think we're going to have 10,000 or so, 1,200, 15,000 employees and it's going to be a very stable happy experience because we did it in due course. We didn't try and do it all at once. We didn't think it being master of the universe. We thought only of one thing. How do you build with a solid foundation, a steady, predictable, long-term business and be a useful part of the community to be welcomed as a good addition to the community. To sort of be part of keeping the promise of the plan, in this case, of the government of Macau. And that's a slower, more carefully studied and considered process. And that's why our third hotel is going to open up in four years. The first one was in '06, the second one was in '09 or '10 and the third is going to be in '14 or '15. That's the arc of our development in China, but those hotels will be there forever, long after I'm gone. When my time is up in this world, those hotels are still be viable wonderful businesses providing security for their employees and the people that run them and the shareholders. And as far as giving you more information about Macau, it looks like I want to do when I got the pictures. I've shown it to all of us here know what the hotel looks like and what it got in it. But to dribble it out conversationally in this format, I think there's better ways of us doing it. I think we probably will call for an investment conference, one in China and one in Las Vegas, that Matt and I will put on with Linda and Ian and the guys and all of us. And we'll show what we're going to do. We'll have a model and we'll unveil its beauty to our joy and to the chagrin of our competitors.
Stephen Wynn: Yes. It's the best work we've done in 42 years. What's funny is that previously the best work we have done was the Encore in Macau. But you see, we get the chance to do this. Think of the wonderful serendipitous coincidence of opportunity and timing. We're in the right place at the right time and we're the right company with the right experience to build the nicest hotel in the world. Just think how lucky we are to be in that position and to know that we can afford to do it right. I am so grateful for this position we're in Macau, but I can't say it enough times. How many developers have been given the opportunity to build really remarkable places for people to visit the way most of us in this industry in China have been blessed. And for that matter, in Singapore, K.T. Lim and Sheldon Adelson's operations are enjoying a wonderful opportunity to create wonderful places because Asia has offered up this moment historically to our industry. It's wonderfully exciting and I think that all of us, whether I'm speaking for Sheldon and K.T., my friend K.T. at Genting Resorts World, is the name of his company or whether I'm speaking for my gang here, my family. We're all feeling very grateful and excited about being alive participating at this moment. Great fun. I don't want to screw up the opportunity. Sorry, but no more information about Cotai. I'd rather do it when I can show it.
Stephen Wynn: First answer. We have never been secret about our projects. We had the Cotai model, the Wynn Macau model on display the day that we had the groundbreaking. We had a three-dimensional model, I showed it publicly. Had pictures out. We had a model of Mirage on display at the Golden Nugget before it was even started construction. We had the model of Bellagio on display. I'm sorry if you misunderstood, but we've never kept it secret. What we do is we don't discuss it until we're finished designing it, but once we're finished designing it, we shouted out. Yes, we displayed it, but nobody came to see it. It was in the lobby and people used to go in the desert inn and never be heard from again and for five years that applied to us. But we never kept the project secret. We've avoided discussing them until we have them finished. I think that's what you maybe...
Stephen Wynn: Until this recession, the history of Las Vegas has answered your question for you. Las Vegas always grew, not in spite of the addition of capacity, but because of the addition of capacity. It was the developments themselves that allowed the market to grow, and I think that China, Macau is showing the exact same profile, and as usual, in a more magnified sense because of the amount of people that are available. But that's what Linda thinks. The market grows because of the development, not in spite of it. That was the last question. Thank you everybody. We'll have more stuff for you next time we get together and hope you all have a nice Christmas holiday and a nice Thanksgiving holiday on behalf of all of us.
Linda Chen: The first question on the junket, yes, we do have plans to add more. We are capacity-constraint, as you always know, Grant, you know our property very well, but we're looking to add two or three more junket within the next year. We have one actually coming out before the end of the year. As far as credit, you and I have had this conversation. I think the worst mistake someone could make is use the credit as a marketing tool and to buy the business. And its stability. You can't do whether it's credit or incentive for short-term purpose. And there are operators, whether they're trying to boost up their revenue for whatever purpose that they go in and out of increased commission or credit.
Linda Chen: What I think a lot of operator do, whether it's with credit or incentive, which is commission, is they use it for short-term purpose to increase revenue, to increase market share. So obviously, they go hand-in-hand. One is giving more incentive, which is commissioned back to the customer to bring the business. The second is you need credit. You need to give them facility to get the business. So they use both of them hand-in-hand to gain short-term market share, whether it's for IPO or they're trying to do different purpose to gain that short-term market share. However, the danger with that is first, we believe in stability. Obviously, if you give something more weight on the commission, then you have to cut something back, whether it's salary or renovation dollars. So you're taking -- there's only so much dollars in the 100% that you can give away. So if you're giving it too much away on the commission, then you got to cut back to other places. That creates unstable business model for the whole operation. But second, it's not good for the customers where you go in and out. Today I'm giving you more and then tomorrow, as it's found out that it's not a profitable business, now I'm going to take it back. It doesn't buy long-term loyalty with the customer or the junket. And that's what we do well. If you look at people always talking about market share, they said, "Have we lost market share?" Actually, what's the growth of the whole Macau market, we maintained our market share quite well. And that speaks a lot with even additional tables from Encore. So our penetration level had actually increased with the additional table. People don't look at that, they just keep saying as a whole market share has decreased. But in a growing market that's grown 60%, maintaining market share is already a lot of dollars and we maintain very healthy business model, where we take all those additional business to the same profitability down to the bottom line.
Linda Chen: Yes. And we haven't over extend the credit. We do credit by junk or by customer 101. You can't say credit as the overall picture says. I'm just going to increase 20% credit to get more business. It doesn't work that way. You have to know your customers. It's based on could that person, can that junket pay or can they sustain their long-term collection efforts. So it's hard for an operation coming to say, "I'm just going to go buy the business." It doesn't work on a long term. They can do that for months to buy the business. Once they can't collect, they can't turn the money around, then the business goes away. And the thing that happened in Macau [ph] .
Linda Chen: On the mass market, VIP, I think so far we're seeing a tremendous growth in mass markets, because until all the new casinos opened, there weren't good mass market products. So that is the obvious market where it can grow with a [ph]. But the good news is, I think right now, it also added a good mix. But the good news is both markets are growing tremendously. So in future years to come, we hope that both markets maintain about the same percentage, but keep growing as the new product comes into the market and then new visitors a staying longer. So they're bringing new more visitors in town and they're staying longer, which benefits both segments.
