Matthew O. Maddox: Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Before we get started, I just need to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of Federal securities laws. And those statements may or may not come through. With that I'm going to turn it over to Steve for opening remarks.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes. Yes, yes, you're right. And you know what I'd say is the provision for doubtful accounts is, this is about the appropriate run rate. There's maybe a little more going forward. So it fluctuates as we get large collections in Macau that are fully reserved and we feel pretty good with this run rate.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. So we have roughly $2 billion of cash invested, not in the cages, but in bank accounts and 75% of that is overseas. We did announce an $830 million dividend out of our subsidiary. Then once that's approved by the shareholders, that will be paid out and so you'd see $600 million of that coming back to the parent company over the next 2 months.
Matthew O. Maddox: It's in the neighborhood of $105 million to $108 million depending on how you normalize. And just so you know, Macau is closer to probably $315 million, because we're not adjusting mass.
Matthew O. Maddox: No. I mean, let me put it in prospective. If you look at the growth in mass market in our casino, the Encore mass market casino revenues grew by 40%. And that is almost all premium customers that are not buying in at the tables. And so the growth -- the 40% growth was in the Encore side and then our main floor grew less. And so that's really what you're seeing is a shift in the mix.
Matthew O. Maddox: I agree with Steve. It's murky. We're looking at all the opportunities around the world and talking to the various partners. But we're moving cautiously. And we're really more in monitoring mode right now.
Matthew O. Maddox: No, I mean, we didn't see anything different in March than we saw in January and February. We were pretty consistent month to month as far as our business.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we have these calls every 90 days and usually everybody who's on the call has seen the numbers. It was our best quarter ever in China at $330 million. And we did okay in Las Vegas at $120 million. Construction in Macau is at full speed on our Cotai project, which is our third hotel. The budget is still just under $4 billion and 6 million feet. We're very pleased with all of the things that has taken us 2 years to design. We're in a very competitive market in China, as well as Las Vegas. But in Macau, we're in a situation where the licensees, the holders of those concessions, the 3 major concessions and the 3 subconcessions are all very smart people with very intelligent organizations who are learning from one another, making sure that competition doesn't get the jump on each one. And the quality of the competition is it's steadily ticking upward the past several years since we opened in '06. We had certain advantages that were related to our experience, the industry and our brand. We have fought diligently to maintain that advantage, and we will continue to do so. It came to bear especially in the conception and the design of Wynn Cotai, which took 2 years before we were in a position to break ground. We waited for our final approvals, but there wasn't a week or a day that didn't go by that we weren't bearing down, concentrating, bringing to bear all of our experience and expertise of our design teams to come up with a place that would be irresistible when it opens, hopefully, for Chinese New Year in '16. Our contracts with Leighton and our builders include those dates, and we believe we'll meet them. As you know, we are competing for a license in Philadelphia and one in Boston metropolitan area, Massachusetts. Those processes are underway and we are again bringing our best game to the table. How it plays out, we will not know probably until the fourth quarter of this year, and maybe a little beyond in Massachusetts. But we are making progress. We have completed preliminary designs of such of those new properties. And we believe that the urban Wynn, the big cities, give us the opportunity to introduce to those metropolitan areas new and very glamorous hotels that would otherwise not be profitable in view of today's average hotel rates, the Internet and the cost of construction. However, with the addition of a gaming room that is separate, but adjacent to such beautiful hotels, food and beverage, entertainment, shopping facilities, we -- and convention facilities, the existence of a casino room makes a new hotel in a city like Philadelphia and Boston and hopefully someday in Toronto or New York or wherever, a chance for a new hotel that would otherwise not be economically feasible. We call this notion the urban Wynn. And in a complicated world full of change, things like Internet gambling, which almost defy analysis month-to-month, the rules, the regulations, the laws, the absence of laws. All of this makes digital gaming a little bit murky to us. But the idea of having the best hotel in Philadelphia, the best hotel in Boston, that's not murky to me or my colleagues. That's something we understand. The best hotel in major cities has a great future. Tomorrow is better than today. And the day after tomorrow is better than tomorrow. You build those kinds of institutions, those brands by delivering on the promise. Our company has been well known for that for many, many years. And that again is what we're bringing to bear in our applications in Philadelphia and Massachusetts. I think without tooting our own horn, that's really basically the way we're looking at things these days. And we'll be glad to take questions. I want to remind you that the senior management of China and Las Vegas is here in order to give color and depth to any of your questions. So go ahead and start.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we build our places with modest lending. We try and keep an equity-to-debt ratio in our properties that allows us to maintain our investment-grade rating on our subsidiary nonrecourse debt. I think we're the only company that does enjoy that at the moment, at least the last time I checked. And that allows us for -- that use of our capital as we approach each project, allows us to protect our service levels and our employee base in spite of economic vicissitudes. If there is no Philadelphia and Boston, then we're going to be in the fortunate position of having excess capital. And what we would do with it is something that the Board of Directors would take up at the time. But right now, our dividend policy, which is $1 a quarter and is basically scheduled to be the kind of a dividend policy that could continue while we build the new projects in Cotai. And we did borrow money last summer. Matt was particularly successful in borrowing the money that we need for Cotai at LIBOR plus 1.75%. Most of that money was in a revolver. 1/3 of it or a little less than -- 1/4 of it was in a term loan, which we locked up at under 2.5% for the period. So we're very happy with our interest rates and our maturities. And so we go forward trying to take advantage of opportunities that present themselves. And your question is very interesting. I don't know how to quite answer it, except to say we'll take one step at a time.
Stephen A. Wynn: Hold on, Ian, just one second before you chime in. There's something in Matt's release that I would like to draw everybody's attention to, because it's significant and critical that you take note of it. What's happened in Macau is something that we've never seen in Las Vegas, but is a growing pattern and it should affect all of the analyses that most of you are doing. But what's happened is, the customers are buying the chips at the cage, which does not enter into the drop. So the hold percentage in the mass market and our Diamond Club, our premium mass market, is an irrelevant number. You should disregard that number now and pay only attention to the amount of the win because this absence of the chips purchased at the cage in the handle has skewed the numbers and make it look like we're holding an abnormal amount of money. There was one part of our casino in Encore, which looked like it held 100% or more. So our advice now to observers of the industry and our investors, disregard the hold percentage in Macau in the mass market. It is now an irrelevant number because of the particular nature of the behavior of the customers. And, Ian, you could pick it up from there.
Stephen A. Wynn: There's myself in Las Vegas with my job title and then there's the kids that are running the hotel in Macau. I think probably you need to hear from both of us on that question, Joe, but for me. . .
Stephen A. Wynn: I take this approach. There's really nothing left to do in our industry except the basics better. The idea of a runaway building, a preemptive over-the-moon structure, I think when everybody has virtually all the capital they need to build any structure in Macau, that the building budgets aren't really very important anymore. Nobody has an advantage over anyone else. None of us, none of the 6 of us are short of money. The market justifies massive investment. So therefore you get back to saying, well who are our customers? What do they really care about? And how can we best serve those needs? How do we address ourselves to the fundamentals of our business? So that's why I -- my answer to that question is sort of a macro answer. And there's nothing left for us except to do the basics better. That's why Ian Coughlan is there, why he left Peninsula and came to work for us. Linda -- Linda, are you there? She's not? She's on the road? Mark Schorr is here. Come over where-- we're using a common speakerphone.
Stephen A. Wynn: So we really didn't do anything extraordinary at all. We just relied -- we go to our strength, which is the fact that based on many, many years of experience, having developed the best hotels over and over again and dominated every market we've ever been in. If you take any single property, whether it's downtown Las Vegas, Atlantic City, the strip in Las Vegas, we've never ever not had the best hotel in each market that we've been in for the past 30 years. Now the reason that's been true is because we really focus on the fundamentals. And I think that's all we're doing. And there's a lot of smart guys in Macau. And they're getting smarter by the year. I really have to complement the competition in Macau. I find that the offerings that are being made are keeping us all on our toes. I happen to love that, incidentally, because it stimulates us. If we go and see a poorly done job, it disappoints us even if it's our competitor. When we see a good job like we see so often with our competitors now, both MGM and the Sands, the Dolphin [ph] kids from Melco. I had a coffee the other day with Jamie Packer in Los Angeles. All these guys are on their game. The people at SJM, Stanley Ho's company, Angela and Ambrose So and Louis Ng, these are all triple smart people and they're on their game and so it's keeping us on our game. I wish I could tell you that we had pulled a rabbit out of a hat, but there's no rabbit and there's no hat.
Stephen A. Wynn: As you know, we've never ever exceeded our reserve in my history either at Mirage Resorts or Wynn. We're very conservative about credit.
Stephen A. Wynn: Which would have -- $315 million normalized would have been our best month, $330 million put us over the top since we've built the place.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're lucky. I mean, someone asked me on the last call, "Are you concerned about the kind of places that are built in Macau -- in Cotai?" I said, "Concerned? I'm frightened to death." I mean, these are very tough guys even though they're friends and we have dinner together and all that. These people -- I mean, the game is being played at a very high-level in Macau at the moment. Very high level. Very smart people and paying close attention to their business. I have to say I'm thrilled that we're able to hold our own there. I have great gratitude and respect for Ian and Linda, Robert Gansmo, Franky. The group there is a fabulous management team. They'll do a good job in Cotai too.
Stephen A. Wynn: I'd like Matt to talk about that. When I say murky, that's a Steve Wynn comment. I've often thought this whole subject of online gaming was getting everybody all jazzed up a little bit ahead of themselves in my view. First of all, I don't think -- I think it's probably the most unsympathetic tax target on the planet Earth would be online gaming where every bet can be measured by the government, both State and Federal governments that have an insatiable appetite for new revenue these days. And another thing is that, it's very difficult to distinguish yourself online. We sell experience in our buildings and that's a long and difficult assignment, but we have experience. We know how to do that. I don't know how to make the experience on a computer screen 17 inches in diameter particularly unforgettable. We're going to learn how to do it because we're not going to be left behind in this matter. And we've turned this over to the capable hands of Mr. Maddox who will give you his view on the subject.
Stephen A. Wynn: But we'll have our oar in the water as we should on behalf of our shareholders. And we'll take a ride on the railroad and go through the learning curve and bring common sense, and hopefully intelligent judgment to the task. But right now, if anybody on this call can tell me what's going to happen with Internet gaming in America, I'm dying to hear it. I have trouble predicting the outcome here.
Stephen A. Wynn: In the next month or so, we're going to have the model and we'll be photographing it. We've got extensive interior studies, computer-generated. I mean, we built a building next door that's 32,000 square feet right next to our employee garage on Koval Lane here in Las Vegas and it's got glass walls. And in it, are each of the room types, the corridors and 5,000 square feet of the casino, full-scale. You can walk in it. Now I want to a video of that in the next month or so. And when we get through with that video, you'll think the hotel is already built. You'll be able to walk down the corridor and there's mirrors at the end of the corridor to make it extend lengthwise. You can walk in all of our room types, complete and finished. That's our practice. We spend a lot of money on modeling because we want to experience the hotel before our guests do, so that if we've made the mistake we can correct it before we cast it in permanent concrete. And we've been doing all this for months and months and months. And it's all been done. We haven't had a chance to share it with everybody because we had so many other things on our plate with Philadelphia and Boston that had very definite and pressing schedules as to the calendar. But we are finished with the model and we'll be showing Cotai to everybody that cares to see it. If you come out, we'll take you next door. If you want to come see it, any of you. As long as you're an investor as opposed to our competitors.
Stephen A. Wynn: I love that question. How do we compare to the other regional casinos? Hear me. There is no comparison. Regional casinos are boxes of slots. Period. End of sentence. We are building very lovely integrated hotels. Now they don't have 3,000 rooms; they've got 300 or 500 or whatever. But they have beautiful restaurants. They have atriums. They have convention facilities, meeting rooms that are delicious and better than any hotel in any city that we're going into. They have spas that are wonderful. These hotels are great places to go for a weekend. And you don't ever have to get near a slot machine or a black jack table or a baccarat table in one of our places -- down the hall, the way a convention meeting room might be separate. So then in each of our cities, visitors who are not predisposed to gamble, families with children can go into our hotels and enjoy fanciful restaurants and shopping and our other experiences that are associated with hospitality. And remember this, in our industry there's been a simple truth: slot machines and blackjack tables in and of themselves have no power at all. You create a legalized casino in a city and they open up -- a box of slots opens up, and the first year there's a big puff of tax revenues and a big puff of earnings, and then they flatten out because basically they deal only to the neighborhood. Unless you bring people from outside the region into the region, you do not have a future growth pattern. We are building buildings that will grow and be the places where people from out of town come to stay. Little destination resort hotels in beautiful cities, like where I went to school in Philadelphia or where my family is from in Boston. My mom and dad were born there. So we have no comparison whatsoever to any local casino. They're all boxes of slots by my likes. Now that's all that they needed in those days. Harrah's did a very good job of building this network around the world. And I admire what they did. Their progressive bonus program has been a very successful one. But make no mistake, what we are building is not a box of slots. We're building hotels that just happen to have a gaming room out back with its own garage and its own access, but 2 separate concepts. The urban Wynn idea will undoubtedly be copied as we go forward because we usually get copied, but there isn't a model for what we're doing anywhere.
Stephen A. Wynn: Marc has made a good example. There was Fremont Street 30 years ago and then there was the Golden Nugget. Everybody said Fremont Street has a personality and a profile and a revenue profile. And we built the Golden Nugget and we -- it was just a little casino. We added the rooms. We rebuilt the place. We made a 2,000 room hotel out of it, brought in entertainment and shopping. And we made more money in the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street than the entire Fremont street complex total by a substantial margin. We had 58% of the profits downtown. So you change the game by what you offer to the public. And we know what the public wants. It's a question of giving it to them. That's it.
Stephen A. Wynn: That's a good question, Tom, and we're very interested in that -- the answer to that question. So we're probing and asking that question constantly. Because of our relationships with our customers directly and through our junket operators, we're talking to a wide-ranging, very diverse population of businessmen from People's Republic of China. Not just Guangdong province, not just Guangzhou and Shenzhen, Dongguan, but far away in Fujian and Chengdu and Chiang Dao and every place. And what we're getting universally is a statement of confidence and equanimity in the feelings that these men and women have about the leadership of the PRC. They think it's stable. They think it's sophisticated and very, very switched on to what China needs. There's an awful lot of confidence that we're hearing from our customer base about the leadership of the PRC. There's a lot of confidence about the leadership in Macau. It's different than here in the sense that there's a mixture of social consciousness and business hustle, business aggressiveness. It's fascinating. The government of the People's Republic of China and Macau have come to the conclusion that the only important way to improve their company and keep -- their country, and keep social peace and happiness is by the creation of jobs. And everything in the PRC is about the creation of jobs. And that takes a backseat to everything else. So they're very supportive of things that create jobs. And they manage to balance that with social consciousness in a way that makes life there predictable and easy. I've been, I don't know, criticized or people have commented on the fact that in these conference calls, I often talk about the difference between leadership in America and Washington and leadership in China. And I'm going to say it again because it's only the truth. That there is a clarity that job creation is the only path to a better life for the citizens in China. And that does not seem to have been cleared up in America. Job creation is still not the priority in this country based upon the policies that we're dealing with or the paralysis in Washington. And when they do act, they've acted in ways that are not constructive to job creation. We don't see any of that in Macau. What we see instead is a sprit contrary -- that's an exact opposite, that comes from Beijing and filters through to the SARs, the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau, both of which are enjoying unprecedented success under the leadership of the central government in Beijing. So that's what I'm seeing, Tom, and it's coupled with a lot of confidence about the new administration in Beijing.
Stephen A. Wynn: There was -- in the sense that there was a pause, not a negative pause, what there is, every 5 years a normal moment in which everybody is wondering what is going to be the line up on the standing committee or the central committee of the Communist Party. We say the Communist Party as if this was the Cold War days. Communist Party is a term that means an entirely different thing today in China. But until everybody knew who was going to be who on this standing committee, Xi -- they knew he was going to be the boss, but there's much more to it than just the one man in China. There's the other members. And power has been consolidated. You know that it's -- the amount of the committee members have been dropped down by 2. That may climb back up for the second 5 years as everybody starts to take care of everybody else. But this is clearly, clearly a settled issue. And where everybody was a little curious before those names and the identities of the standing committee members and what their responsibilities would be, that period is past. So I think the pause may be the right word. Everybody was curious about who is going to be who. There's a big pecking order over there.
Stephen A. Wynn: Maurice Wooden is here with me, the President of the hotel. And I think it may be good for him to answer that one.
Stephen A. Wynn: I don't know, Tom. I'm not in a position to comment on that intelligently. That's a good question for Sheldon.
Stephen A. Wynn: Tom, Marc is going to continue in a partial role until the opening of Cotai because of his experience in building Treasure Island and Encore. So he's going to have a -- he's going to spend a little bit more time with his family because that's what he wants to do. But he's also going to continue making regular trips to China in his role in getting that place built and open. So retirement was probably a little bit of an exaggerated term.
Stephen A. Wynn: If anything interfered with Chinese travel to the United States, would it impact our property? Roughly the equivalent of the building falling down. Yes. Nothing serious, just a catastrophe that's all. A catastrophe. And if you want to have anxiety about potential scenarios that could cause problems, you had just picked one right there, Tom. I don't think that -- we're not having an anxiety attack on that point, nor have we worried about it for the past 30 or 40 years. No, the Chinese are on the move. The Japanese are on the move. The Taiwanese are on the move. The Latin America, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, those are our -- we have big business this first quarter from Chile, Colombia, Brazil, Mexico, Taiwan, Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and the People's Republic of China. That's our business. That's who we are.
