Matt Maddox: Thank you, and thank you for joining us today. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody, we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve Wynn for some opening comments.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So of the $1.8 billion, it's about $1.1 billion offshore and $700 million onshore,at this point in time. And in terms of financing, we have an excess cash in Macau, more cash than debt. And so we will go through a very typical investment-grade style bank financing probably sometime next year to finance Cotai, and it will be a combination of cash flow and bank debt.
Matt Maddox: And one thing is, Macau, while it says 25 million visitors or so, that's really probably 4 million or 5 million unique visitors coming multiple times a year. So if you think about where the growth of the market could go with new unique visitors, that's why we think Macau, with all the infrastructure improvement, could continue to grow pretty quickly.
Matt Maddox: What happens is, if you look at our corporate expense every year, it's very choppy, so one quarter will be up more than the other, and it's usually just various development projects we're working on and other initiatives. Where we're pacing to for the year is similar to last year, so I think that's the way you should think about it.
Matt Maddox: I have to be honest with you, Dennis. I'm going to to have to go back and look. That was a long time ago.
Matt Maddox: Dennis, you've seen the August numbers for the entire city, so you clearly saw that, that was down in August and also in July. So it was each month, but it wasn't one event that caused this quarter. We have too much volume for one group to come in and cause 5 points of swing. It was really throughout the entire quarter.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I think the numbers speak for themselves. The only comment that I would make is that we had a lower hold percentage in Las Vegas. If we normalize it, it would take us up over 100 instead of maybe 5. And things get back to normal in October, which is a sort of a landmark month for us in both markets. Business seems terrific. I know that everybody is studying market shares since Galaxy opened, and my comment is the same as it's been in the past. It isn't so much about market share, which, in our case, depending on hold percentage, goes between 13% and 14% if you normalize hold percentage, but our bottom line keeps climbing. And about the dividend, we are doing our budgeting on the work that's going to unfold in the next few years in Macau, and we have alternative investments. And you can count on the $0.50 a quarter dividend, but I think special dividends are, in fact, special, and there is no certainty about what the board will decide to do about that going forward. I think we can take questions.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay. Joe, first of all, we don't, at the present time, see any change. That's the answer to the first part of the question. Second part of your question was I acknowledge the fact we are conservative, and we were -- we've never had to increase our reserve because in the 40-odd years I've been doing this, we've never had a special charge because our reserves were inadequate. And if that were to happen, it would be the first time in 43 years. So I think that's about all there is to say on that subject. As you and other investment community professionals are keeping an eye on China and the American economy, so are we. And you view these things with varying degrees of optimism in China and pessimism in America.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, it always happens when a new place opens up. They get very aggressive to try and dig in. We get a little migration for a few months, and then it comes back. And it has and it is. And the things that put us in the position we're in, in the first place have not changed. You can't buy business in Macau, nor can you buy business in Las Vegas, Pennsylvania or anywhere else. Most casino companies that are managed professionally and well are dispensing promotional allowances at a level that is pretty much maximum, or as much as they can dispense consistent with prudent long-term management of the enterprise. So that means that it stops anybody who's mature and intelligent from coming in and redefining such things. It can't to be done, not intelligently and not without being self-destructive on different levels of service levels and other things. So we give and share our revenue with our customers at a level that is consistent with our service levels and the security of our employees. Now if, every once in a while, you get a new executive with his head up his butt and says, "Aha, we can do this or we can do that," they get over it or they get replaced. We feel secure in our position in Macau. Take a look at Macau, you can look at anybody's profit after interest and depreciation. And our thousand rooms makes more money than anybody, even if they have more hotels.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, you're right. There are some very pregnant opportunities that are presenting themselves in Massachusetts and Florida. Neither jurisdiction has made a final decision that we can measure quantitatively in order to make a determination for ourselves. But those are very interesting markets. And when we sit here in Las Vegas and look at these things, we ask a couple of questions. First of all, what is the deal that, that state has put on the table? How strong is the invitation? How serious are they? Are they motivated strictly by tax revenues or by employment or a balance of the two? Do they want capital investment and long-term growth and job security for their employees? Or is this a quick down and dirty, how much can we grab? Those jurisdictions usually have a dim future. But I'm sensing that Florida, for example, and Massachusetts are acting in a more stable way. I remember once in Illinois, they had a meeting and changed tax rate overnight by 15% to 20%. That wouldn't even happen in China. I mean, that is really rough, but they had 10 riverboats and they didn't care. In Massachusetts and Florida, I'm sensing a much more serious and mature political approach, and long-term economic growth approach to jobs, as well as the construction and all the rest. And so we're looking at it. The second thing that we look at, besides the invitation that the jurisdiction puts on the table is, does our brand fit? Can we really be value-added to Massachusetts or Florida? And can we be value-added to our shareholders? Those are not always the same thing. It's the reason why we're not in the riverboat business. It's not consistent with what we do best. I'm feeling very positive, in a very preliminary way, about Massachusetts and Florida. I think those jurisdictions have potentially a great deal of promise, and we will look at them seriously, as we have been for the last several months. And hopefully, there will be a business opportunity there, in which case we'll step up and put our credentials on the table and try and satisfy the political leaders and other decision-makers there. I hope that answer is helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: With those 2 new hotels. They have some casino space. They're not enormous, but is an additional capacity for our tables and slot machines, as well as rooms.
Stephen A. Wynn: And the retail as well. Our retail business in Macau, we've got 40 -- I'd say $45 million revenue, right, when you look at our reports. So that's $30 million worth of profits. We've got $120 million [indiscernible] and 60,000 [indiscernible]. Our retail business is high-end. We've got these very [indiscernible] it's going to be $120 million in EBITDA additions. This is [ph] quite phenomenal, the desire for good life. Folks of the People's Republic of China are demonstrating they go on vacation and they love to shop.
Stephen A. Wynn: It's probably 1% or less of the upscale citizens in the RC. There are 300 million -- 0.5 billion [ph] to 300 million people that are enjoying what we would call a middle class or better standard of living in China -- we're way less than 1%.
Stephen A. Wynn: I think the comments I made about the dividend stand as I said them, Robin. I don't think there's much point repeating it. I'm not evading your question, but I think I covered the ground. There've been a number of reasons why Cotai, other opportunities that the board considers -- special dividends is special. And I don't think that we should take it for granted that there are going to be any, nor should we take it for granted that there won't be any. It's a changing, fluid situation.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, I understand the question completely, Robin. And the answer is in a word? No. If it were to change, it would be, I think, irrelevant, inappropriate discussion to have on a call like this. But the answer has to be no at this time. And we consider the question very seriously, so there's not much point in skirting the issue or shilly-shallying on something like this, but we don't see it now.
Stephen A. Wynn: Look, let me put it to you this way. I'll read you a number. Here's an up-to-the-minute year-to-date in Macau. $956 million. Last year, $651 million, an increase of $304 million or 46.7% in EBITDA. What does that sound like to you? I mean, there you are, you're looking at the same thing I'm looking at, right through yesterday. So I don't know what the rest of the month will look like, and we'll discuss that in great detail when we review the fourth quarter. But I look at these numbers every morning when I wake up, I get them before 7:30, and that's what I'm looking at. And that's in spite of the competition. If I look at the month...
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. And even for the month, we're up 30%, another $17 million, and that's with a -- on $73 million this month, so we are headed for another one of those $100-plus-million months, and that's all I have to say.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, it's a very interesting question, and it changes from time to time. When we first started, Macau was -- the profile of Macau is a community -- both public works and private works was in one shape. And today, as that city, as that special administrative region has matured and grown, and the needs of its citizens and its businesses have increased, the load on the public works department to process properly such applications, building permits and the like, has become geometrically greater, exponentially greater. So the lead times have quite understandably extended. And so comparing it to the past, I don't think is relevant any more. I meet with Secretary Lao, under whose authority such matters are prosecuted, and he shares with me the amount of public works. There's a light rail, a monorail system going in. But incidentally, we're the first stop from the ferry terminal. That monorail circles 2 sides of our property, which is very nice for us. And it circles 2 sides of our hotel on The Peninsula, the Encore and Wynn, and has a stop right at our door. These kinds of projects now are new, and it placed a terrific load on the government's staff. They rise and grow to meet that demand as best they can, but it's definitely created more traffic in public works and the building department. So -- and you know I? They don't share with me the detail of such loads, only a general description. And I know it to be true, so I can't answer your question definitively. But I will tell you this, with regard to the last part of your question, it's possible on foundations to spend hundreds of millions of dollars.
Stephen A. Wynn: First of all, I can answer part of the question. I just realized. We have been holding very well. We've had a huge influx of Chinese business in Las Vegas, and that would account for it.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're winning more money, and so we're giving away more. We've got this rather dramatic increase in business in Las Vegas, right? You saw that in both quarters.
Stephen A. Wynn: And the percentage -- excuse me, the percentage can go up depending on how that increase in casino revenue is structured. When it's highrollers, then discounts to losers and stuff like that.
Stephen A. Wynn: No. They come in and they come in groups of 5 and 6 and 3 and 4. And we had guys win $7 million and $6 million. A casino that can win $200 million or $300 million in Baccarat can do that. Our Baccarat percentage overall is wonderful. It holds up the casino, but you do get these kinds of fluctuations. This month, it was off by 3% or 4%, if you take it the way we usually look at it. And that would've been about $15 million to $20 million in Las Vegas.
Stephen A. Wynn: I just answered you. Up. The second week after Golden Week, up. Okay. What's the next question? What was your other question? I'm sorry.
Stephen A. Wynn: You're paying too close attention. You're too close to the sheet of paper. In a week, to look at a casino like Wynn Macau is a mistake. We have a lower hold percentage one week, a higher percentage the next week. I answered to you about the turn, about the level of activity, it's up, but looking at the place week by week is a waste of your time, really. Don't do that. Even though they publish the numbers you're seeing, gross market shares. Gross market share means nothing, absolutely nothing. What good is gross market share when you have 4 hotels or 3 hotels or 2 hotels, and you have 3 sets of payroll, 3 sets of depreciation, extra interest expense. It's a totally worthless number, and wasting time on this call is probably not productive.
Stephen A. Wynn: Your interpretation of the table cap is, that the current table cap is going to apply to future hotels than you misunderstood the government's position. The current table cap has to do with the current tables.
