Matthew O. Maddox: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities law, and those statements may or may not come through. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve, who is actually in Macau right now, to kick off the call.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes, Joe, that's exactly right. We held less than 2% in our direct program. And as you know, in the direct program, the margins are higher. So while our overall junket, all those 2.94% we held high on the junket space and really, low in our direct, and that was the reason.
Matthew O. Maddox: No, only in June. So that number that everyone was focused on, there was some hold issues in June in both slots and mass tables. But overall, it was pretty normal.
Matthew O. Maddox: And Felicia, as you'll notice in the press release, we talked about the $12.2 million credit in the quarter as we, every June, do a historical analysis of our collections in Las Vegas.
Matthew O. Maddox: Carlo, as you know, on capital allocation, we have -- we put in $1 a share dividend per quarter to provide investors with stability as we go through this growth phase. As we -- as new projects come onboard, we plan on always keeping that $1. If there's excess cash flow available at the end of the year, then the board will decide what they want to do with it. Wynn -- just so you know, on Cotai, we just are about to sign an additional $200 million accordion on our bank facility at LIBOR plus 175. So Cotai's pretty much fully financed, and future projects are really just speculative right now. And we -- again, we have that $3.5 [ph] billion
Matthew O. Maddox: I think what you also see is that basic -- we have an average bet that significantly exceeds the minimums anyway, so I'm not sure that raising the minimums actually has much impact.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. Harry, just for some CapEx history, so we've spent about $300 million to date. I would expect us to spend another $300 million for the rest of this year, likely $1 billion in 2014 and then the vast majority of the rest of the spend in '15, leaking over into the beginning of '16. We'll probably utilize between 30% and 40% of our free cash flow when you look at our model, and we currently have $2.5 billion of debt with -- over $1 billion of cash on hand and $1.5 billion revolver undrawn right now. So that's basically how we'll shake out. And then one last thing I want to point out, a lot of people quote various numbers for construction costs for projects in Cotai. Our $4 billion is all in. If you look at hard costs, plus owner supplies, plus FF&E, what a lot of people like to quote, the thing that hits the cash flow, that's $3.5 billion. The remaining $500 million, preopening expenses, our land lease payments through 2016 and capitalized interest.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. Just came in and it's 8:30 at night here and 12 hours earlier than Las -- actually later than Las -- than New York. And we reprogramming some of our fountains with Kenny Ortega and the group. That was a lot of fun. Today has been a really good day for us. We signed our contract with -- the final contract with a guaranteed maximum price with Leighton. And that fixed 2 things: our guaranteed maximum price, and we know the cost of the project now is $4 billion, maybe a little less, but no more than $4 billion; and we know the completion date is -- we have an early completion date of January '16, so we make Chinese New Year in 2016. And if they miss the early date, which they don't think they will, it's April '16, not '17. So we're well underway. Our foundations are coming up on the last few months of all of the pilings and caissons and stuff that had to go so deeply into the earth to support the new building. But it was 2.5 years in design. It's by far the most aggressive, ambitious and lovely project that I've ever been involved in my 47 years. And I think that it's going to be a great addition to Macau. I think it's going to further enhance the growing strength of the Cotai area. And so that's been very good news for all of us, and the earnings are -- I'm happy with it. For the year, I tend to look at things on a broader brushstroke perhaps than some of you will in your questions. But between Las Vegas and Macau, we're about $100 million ahead of where we were this time last year, and that's pretty good when we're pushing $1.6 billion last year. We're tracking towards a healthy gross for the year. In Macau, we did $292 million, and last year was $302 million. But last year, we had a $21 million unique onetime-only credit adjustment, in which we credited ourselves $21 million. If we compare apples to apples, we'd be a little ahead this year. Many of you ask questions about mass marketing and VIP trending. We're basically up in the non-casino revenue. We're a little behind in slots, not in coin in, but in a whole percentage. And the mass market sequentially was behind the second quarter to the first, but it's been a bouncing ball with us because we're 22% ahead in July, with 3 days to go, in mass marketing, so we're very happy. Our run rate, we were able to get more efficient. Our run rate of operating this place is a little less than it was last year. We have about 10% at current levels, between 10% and 11% of the revenue in this 30-odd casino market. But we do have 1/6, or 16% of the profits. And that's the most important thing we're concerned about, is the bottom line. So without further ado, Ian is here. I'm with my colleagues in Macau this week, and we're all on hand early in the morning in Las Vegas to take your questions.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I was, in fact, in such conversations today, and I feel very comfortable being in Macau. I think I certainly don't have anything to do with the specifics of the government's final decision. But I know that the matters to be addressed in '15, and speaking for myself after 12 years in Macau, I feel sanguine and comfortable about being here and plan on being here a lot longer. I think that probably answers your questions.
Stephen A. Wynn: Incidentally, I forgot to add, we had another nice quarter in Las Vegas at $130 million. Just thought I'd mention it.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, you know what happens. Because of our sort of a premium niche that we have here in Macau and that customer base makes its way to our place in Las Vegas. And the same thing is true in Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico. Last year, we won about $600 million at the tables and another $170 million, $177 million in slot machines. 52% of that is Asian, 24% is Latin, 24% is domestic. And in slot machines, I'd say $25 million or $30 million of the $170 million is international. So we -- our brand, because of the market segment we cater to, tends to benefit from the international market. And these emerging markets, a lot of people are enjoying success outside the United States, and they make their way to Las Vegas. And I think that we're one of the first choices for that kind of visitation, and we cater to that business aggressively. That would be my comment. It does introduce volatility to our business, but we've got so much of it. We can afford to deal high because at any given moment, we have a handful of people playing $100,000 or $200,000 a card in games. So we're benefiting from that. I think that's probably the most relevant answer I can give as to our margins. International, we're not dependent upon the United States primarily, but from outside.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, about 1/6 of our rooms. So we're operating a little bit of a deficit, especially since we have such a high utilization of our rooms by VIP customers. It's very, very difficult for us to sell rooms for straight cash here because we have such a large component of high rollers and bigger players that justify complementary services. We have only a 1,000 rooms here, and they are used all the time, all the time.
Stephen A. Wynn: We don't know that. But hell, with the kind of the customer base we've got, we've got as many high limit, high-minimum tables as anybody. And mostly joints in Cotai are dealing to mass market. In the VIP area, we're right there.
Stephen A. Wynn: And we're -- Linda just said, I don't think you hear. We're on this phone in the -- that we change these minimums by the hours each day, but it's not an item that's relevant to us, and I don't think that particular thing should be relevant to you. How we manage minimums is an asterisk in this game. It's how many people are betting the maximum. I'll try to be helpful. I'm sorry.
Stephen A. Wynn: But we just don't throw money at it. This chasing the top line is a fruitless exercise unless it results in the bottom line. And so I want to repeat, we may have 10% or 11% of the top line volume because of all the new hotels that have opened, but we have 1/6, 16% of all the profits at these 32 casinos here -- or 33, and that's the number that I'm really focused on, the bottom line. And we watch everybody. We'll see all the earnings at the end of the second quarter. We heard Sands say they had a -- they did a wonderful job. I don't know how Caesar's and Melco did yet. We'll find out soon enough. But we're perking along at $100 million a month, maybe a little better.
Stephen A. Wynn: Look, as I've said before, we think the drivers are non-casino into the business, not the casino. We think the casino is a result, not a cause. And so we're really assiduous in complying ourselves to that, and our nightclubs weren't just about who the best disc jockey was for the moment because that's a very changing scene. Our nightclubs and that food and beverage revenue that we're so proud of, that you're noting, is a result of years of planning before we -- and we were 2.5 years before we broke ground on Cotai, working every week. Las Vegas is the same thing. Those nightclubs, they're more than just great big boxes of places to put tables and prop up a DJ. They're environments, and those environments have an emotional effect on the people that come to us, and we design to emotion. And then, when the competition decides to challenge us by paying a disc jockey more money or -- for example, which is a popular idea these days, and take a disc jockey from $200,000 to $400,000 a night, it doesn't have the effect that you would imagine. Our customers stick to us with loyalty not because of any other reason except that we offer a better environment for them. At the end of the day, when you're recreating, when you're out playing at night, when you're going to a nightclub, it's where -- it's the environments you're in that matters. So I think our food and beverage numbers are reflecting the fact that we can withstand a competitor challenge in Las Vegas, and we have -- as you know, you can compare us to anybody on the Strip. Even my own places, my own older places, practice hotels like Bellagio and Mirage, we hold our own against bigger hotels even, more rooms like MGM. We hold our own. And they throw plenty of money in the customers, boy, but we bank on other things that are more enduring I think is the way to say it.
Stephen A. Wynn: I've always been sort of neutral about using the word recovery. I think that Las Vegas is doing better than it did last year, but the extra capacity that came on during the recession was poorly timed. Some of it was Encore and Wynn, city center. We all could have picked a better time to build those buildings, so I'm including myself in that group. But it is what it is. The amount of money that's lost in Las Vegas in the last 4 years in terms of abandoned projects and markdown values from Frontier and the Stardust property to Fontainebleau and Cosmopolitan city center and places like that has been astronomical. I don't even like to think what the number is, but Las Vegas is perking along because of its tremendous choices that are available to people of every income level. The infrastructure in Las Vegas is almost impossible to duplicate, and that's the reason why it survives California, Indian gaming and all these other jurisdictions. It doesn't get any easier, but Las Vegas is managing to hold its head up. And if we had a real recovery in the United States and I don't think we are having a real recovery in the United States, I think we're having a limp-wristed sort of crawl out of a hole. But recovery is a more robust word, and I don't see it in the country as clearly as the politicians do, who are trying to sell up to the people. I think most of it is baloney. I think real inflation is way north of 10% [ph] . Everybody's dollar is going down, buying power and living standards going backwards for my working people of America, and that's taking a toll on what you would call a recovery. So I don't see it so...
Stephen A. Wynn: Our customers are not pessimistic, but Linda is careful about the credit. We always are, as you know, hearing that from us for years now. It's been 47 years I've been in business, we've never had an adjustment to our reserve, all these 47 years [ph] .
Stephen A. Wynn: The plan that the government of Macau implemented in 2002 to change this place and make it destination city rather than a day trip city, that plan, that goal, which led to the expansion of the concessions is by and large taking foot and is thriving. The construction of the fabulous hotels in Cotai is causing people to come and stay overnight. Macau is becoming a destination resort, not just the Baccarat game, but neighborhood Baccarat game. It's happening as they planned. As -- it was a very articulated program that led to the 2 new concessions that Galaxy and my company received and which supported the expansion of the 3 sub-concessions of MGM and Melco and the Sands. And it's all happening thanks to Sheldon Adelson, thanks to Jamie Packer and Lawrence Ho, thanks to the Lui family. Francis has done a great job with Galaxy. These are smart guys, and they're doing really nice places, beautiful and big rooms, lots of choices. This place is getting very powerful, and it's supporting, on an ever-increasing basis, still a good growth rate. I can't wait until this 28 or 29 months goes by so that we can get open in Cotai because we're going to toot our horn when that time comes. And we've taken into account these guys and what they've done, these competitors of ours. Man, it's put us on our game. You don't take anything lightly in -- competitively in Macau. These are smart people and they've got money and they know how to deploy that capital. So there's a lot of choices, fun things to do here, and it's the first time that any city has ever, ever begun to offer the choice that Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.A. has offered. Thank god they're 6,300 nautical miles away, so there's room for both of us. And I'm happy to be in both markets, but -- and it's just great. But Cotai is causing this town to change. This is not Atlantic City in the sense that it's a local market. This has now become a place where people travel to. Stays are getting longer.
Stephen A. Wynn: No. I mean, you can read the newspapers, and you know all about what happened in the election, and you know that they've got an initiative to consider it during '14. Where that takes the government and what they will do to follow through is unknown at the present time. There is certainly speculation. We all are paying very close attention. But to say anything with any degree of certainty would be totally speculative at this point.
Stephen A. Wynn: I would sure as heck be interested in Tokyo or Osaka, if we were given the opportunity. Naturally, Robin, we'd have to measure the business opportunity, tax rates, rules, sort -- all that sort of thing. But I'm assuming that if Tokyo did a thing like that -- the government of Tokyo did a thing like that, they'd probably follow the successful models of Macau and Singapore, something like that. So I would imagine if they do legalize it in Tokyo, we will all be hot after it.
Stephen A. Wynn: So Robin, the level of inquiry that your question represents, it gets into crystal ball stuff. When Ian made the remark earlier that the guys got smart, they did a better job with their high-end slot areas and got a little ahead of us. And then, we caught up and we've redone a bunch of areas to make them sexier, and it looks good to us now. And a lot of bigger players came, so they won some big jackpot, so hold fluctuated a little bit, and on the amount of coin in, it matters. But it really doesn't. It really doesn't matter at all. This mass gaming area and our ability to hold customers and to grow or to hold our position in the face of Cotai and the other competitors is something we just have to watch play out. Remember, I said that we were up over July, but we were down in June. It bounces around in our place because we got so many big players. It's hard to give you -- to quantify this. I know we try all the time, but to tell you the truth, Robin, it's sort of a waste of time for all of us. I think you have to look at the macro trends. So whatever Robert Gansmo said about the whole percentage in June, it doesn't matter much because it's offset by the whole percentage in July, and I really don't want to go there. It's the kind of super detail that seems to matter on these kinds of calls, but really amounts to nothing in the long run.
Stephen A. Wynn: That was nice talking to you.We'll see you in 90 days. We'll see what happens then and maybe for other jurisdiction-specific [ph] things. Thank you, everybody.
Ian Michael Coughlan: The mass market high-limit side is hypercompetitive. It remains hypercompetitive, and we've just been focusing on taking care of our customers, delivering high-quality service and try not to get into the heavy discounting promotional battle that's in the marketplace. A number of our competitors have corrected mistakes they've made in the past. They've also built new facilities, and they're ramping up their business. We are maintaining a very nice quality level of business. We opened Encore, and it was a success from the first day we opened. It continues to be the mass market high-limit area in the marketplace that our customers are very satisfied. People do shop around. People will move for discounting. But players always gravitate back to quality and service consistency, as we're that in Macau, and that's what we've been focusing on.
Ian Michael Coughlan: There's mild disruption, and we're not doing heavy renovation. We're refurbishing our guest rooms. We're doing all 600 keys in our Wynn tower, and we're just over 7 years old. They've been incredibly well received. We've taken the pallette from Wynn Las Vegas tower suites and rooms. And so far, the reactions have been excellent. We've done 5 floors so far. We'll be finished by late November. So very little disruption. We have 100 keys left to sell. We think that there might be mild impact from that on the gaming side, but overall, it's been very well received and very few complaints.
Ian Michael Coughlan: We opened a newly renovated high-limit slots area. We also extended the facility. It's been very, very well received. Clearly, our competitors, we all learn from each other. We got ahead of other people, they got slightly ahead of us, we're back ahead of them again. So we're very happy with how it turned out. Our customers have been very happy with it. So next time you're in town, we'd be happy to show you.
Ian Michael Coughlan: You don't always see a natural reflection on the breakout of visitor arrivals into the city and the people that are staying directly in the casinos. So day tripping activity has reduced and moved away from Guangdong, and there are more overnight stayers with all the extra rooms in Cotai. There are people coming and staying 1 or 2 nights, and they're coming from further afield. The high-speed train network is certainly helping, and the increase in the individual visitor scheme is also benefiting, so we are getting people -- more people coming and staying longer.
Robin M. Farley: Yes, yes. All of that. I'm not sure what happened to the last question. but we could all hear you. So we heard all of your -- all the great descriptions. So thanks for sharing.
Robin M. Farley: That was great to get that level of detail. I wanted to ask if you have expectations for timing of anything in Japan.
Robin M. Farley: Great. And then my other question, which is getting a little bit more into the market share shift on The Peninsula among the premium mass. I know there were some comments earlier about how hypercompetitive that is. I wonder if you could just -- there are moving pieces here with you added new capacity that I guess was there for 2/3 of the quarter, the high-end slot area. I think you mentioned something about hold issues in the month of June. It sounded like you were making that comment about slot business but maybe I misheard you. So I just wanted to clarify basically these different moving pieces and now going forward, once you have your high-end slot room in place, I guess, how you expect market share to sort of play out versus how it did in Q2.
