Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan; Linda Chen; Ciaran Carruthers; Frederic Luvisutto; and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Matt. Similar to the past few calls, I'd like to start with a few points on liquidity and operating expense. As of January 31, our global cash and liquidity position was $3.39 billion. In Macau, we had approximately $2.24 billion of available liquidity as of January 31. In the U.S., we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.15 billion on January 31 with a substantially lower daily cash burn globally compared to Q3 2020. Meanwhile, we continue to be focused on operating expenses. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, our global property and corporate operating expenses per day excluding gaming tax of $4.6 million, decreased nearly 40% year-over-year compared to $7.6 million in Q4 2019, with our FTE count decreasing by approximately 8,700 or 34%. We expect a meaningful portion of these savings to drive operating leverage as business volumes return. In Macau as Matt noted, we generated $39.4 million of EBITDA in the quarter with particular strength around the December holiday season. Our EBITDA was driven by encouraging gaming and non-gaming performance, as well as a continued focus on cost controls. Gross gaming revenue in Q4 2020 was approximately 32% of Q4 2019 levels led by the premium mass segment. With respect to cost controls, our OpEx again, excluding gaming tax was $2.2 million per day. This is down from approximately $3 million per day in Q4 2019, and only up modestly from $2 million per day in Q3 2020 due primarily to an increase in variable costs as business volumes return. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $21 million of adjusted property EBITDA from a business that remains heavily weighted to weekend occupancy. In the casino, we saw broad-based strength across key segments with slot handle and table drop reaching 85% and 72% of Q4 2019 levels respectively during the quarter. We remain focused on cost discipline in Las Vegas with our OpEx per day, excluding gaming taxes decreasing to $1.6 million per day in Q4 2020 from $3 million per day in Q4 2019 and from $1.8 million per day in Q3 2020. As Matt noted, this COVID accelerated and holiday travel was discouraged around the already seasonally challenging holiday period. The back half of the quarter was weaker than the front. In this environment of suppressed demand we expect 1Q 2021 performance overall to be subdued, but we do expect pockets of strong demand in February, as Matt mentioned around Superbowl and President's Day weekend. We believe that a combination of meaningful permanent cost saves, along with increased group demand position as well to accelerate our recovery as we move into the back half of 2021. In Boston, as noted on the Q3 call and by Matt just now, we generated record adjusted property EBITDA of $11.3 million in October, but curtailed operating hours stemming from the state stay at home order negatively impacted EBITDA during November and December. We were pleased by the recent decision to lift stay at home orders. And we are now picking up where we left off in October. Similar to Las Vegas, we've remained very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day, excluding gaming tax of $680,000 in Q4 2020, compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 2019 and $750,000 per day in Q3 2020. Turning to Wynn Interactive, are 72% owned, online gaming and sports betting subsidiary continues to advance our sports betting and online casino strategy with current annualized run rate, gross gaming revenue of around $50 million based on results in January and early February. WynnBET our online – our U.S. online sports betting and casino gaming application has now been live in New Jersey for several months. And we recently launched in Colorado and Michigan. As Matt mentioned, we are simultaneously scaling operations, improving our brand positioning, making product improvements and launching a new state. We expect to continue to see growth in the business with much of that growth back half loaded, particularly as we enter the 2021 NFL season. Our CapEx in the quarter was $29 million. As noted last quarter, the vast majority of our CapEx plans remain on hold, and we are only proceeding with our highest priority projects. With that, operator, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Craig Billings: A good question Carlo. I think, we'll see as the market progresses and volume starts to come back, you can see that we had a slight uptake in the quarter as we moved from kind of zero at the mid – at the earlier portion of the year into that kind of 30% of Q4 2019 levels of volumes. So a decent chunk of those are permanent, but I must, of course caution you. It's not the same as the U.S., right? Staffing flexibility, just isn't the same as the U.S. So some of those will come back, but we feel like we're appropriately sized and the cost base is appropriately sized for the business volumes that we have today.
Craig Billings: Sure. Well, first of all, it's incredibly important to make sure that your product is in a state where you feel like you can scale it. So, we're making – we're doing product drops really every two weeks. And our focus there is making sure that we can achieve market parity in order to do that. I would say that's our number one focus. And it consumes 40% of our time on Wynn Interactive. Then the other key component as you rightly point out are kind of two parts of marketing performance marketing, where you are actually kind of driving installs through ad networks, through Facebook, et cetera. And we certainly have begun to hit the gas on that component of our marketing because you can do it in a very targeted way. The second component of marketing is really third-party relationships and third-party partnerships, mass media, if you will. And that's a little bit of a chicken or the egg, because before you engage in large scale mass media, you want to make sure that your product is where you want it to be, and for us, that's a high standard given our brand. And you want to make sure that you are in enough states to where any bleed that you are experiencing into states where it's not legal is acceptable. And so, you should expect to see a lot more from us on the third-party mass media marketing side, over the course of 2021. But we're doing performance marketing today in order to begin to scale the product.
Craig Billings: I do think that there will be significantly less VIP players as junkets consolidate and fall out, but there will still be very large VIP players. And our focus is on that direct business and on the very high end, as opposed to having lots of junket operators trying to drive lots of VIP customers. It's really more about – it's really about the premium VIP segment. And that's where we've been focused,
Craig Billings: The market is quite competitive clearly. But, I think, that – I have been surprised at the size of the market. I think Michigan has been a really interesting test case for how quickly it's ramped and the size of both the sports and the online gaming. So yes, it's tough competition, but I think, the market is larger than we anticipated. And there's going to be plenty of room for great brands and great product. And this, we think 2021 is going to be our year to really get into this.
Craig Billings: That's a good question. I think, to ramp VIP back up, it's actually not that complicated. You can just slot junkets in. But we really think that Macau is transforming much more into a tourist destination focused on more than just gaming. And so our focus is on the non-gaming side. It's on the premium mass side. I really don't anticipate the VIP market snapping back like it did after 2016. I think it will definitely be there. It will definitely be a large market, but the growth driver is going to be on the premium mass side and the mass side.
Craig Billings: No, that feedback is really win-driven because everyone is very cautious and no one really knows what they can do. So, they look at current restrictions and rooms and they say, you can't have more than 250 people. How can we hold a convention? So, there's more questions than answers. And what we're trying to do is solve those questions. And so, we'll have to get our state comfortable that we can exceed the current limits and we can continue to have more people in one room by doing the things that we're doing. And I do think that's one of the reasons we haven't seen a lot of fallout quite yet in the back half of the year, because a lot of corporates are still waiting to see if there will be solutions for people to get back together in a large way and we're trying to provide those. So, of the 170,000 room nights, we have booked, of course, there's going to be cancellations. And there's going to be wash and it's hard to predict. But people are more sanguine now about the back half of the year than I've seen on the corporate side. And we're just trying to show the way with our COVID testing lab and our vaccination center.
Craig Billings: David I'll answer that question the same way we do each quarter, which is we continue to heavily invest in the community. We're known as good corporate partners. We're known as one of the top employers. And what we want to do is provide real value for Macau and for the Greater Bay Area. So, we understand our place there. We're good partners with everyone in Macau and in the Greater Bay Area. And we're going to continue to do that and work closely with the government as they determine what the concession renewal process will be.
