Craig Billings: Thank you, Operator and good afternoon everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, [Indiscernible] and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. I’ll quickly run through some additional points on the quarter. I’d like to start by reminding everyone like our peers we adopted new revenue recognition accounting guidance in the quarter that impacts the current and historical periods revenue and expense classifications, but does not impact our EBITDA. While there are a number of reporting changes stemming from the adoption of this guidance, there are two key changes I would like to know. First is the elimination of promotional allowances in determining net revenues, with comps now directly reducing the revenues of the departments using those comps. And the second is the full deduction of 100% of junket commissions from gaming revenues in Macau. We’ll spend some time with the analyst community after this call to help further break down these changes and to distill an apples-to-apples view of EBITDA margins and certain other key metrics impacted by this guidance. As Matt mentioned, Macau was particularly strong this quarter delivering $421.7 million of EBITDA on $1.3 billion in net revenues. Continued ramping of Palace and improved mass revenues drove operating leverage leading to a record EBITDA margin of Palace something we are particularly proud of. These results were not materially impacted by hold, with the direct program holding higher than junkets. That debt in Macau was $300,000 in the quarter compared to a $4.6 million credit in the prior year. Las Vegas delivered $142.6 million of EBITDA in the quarter on net revenues of 431.5 million driven by strength across the property. Table games whole percentage was on the high end of our expected range in both current and prior year periods driving a little over 10 million of incremental EBITDA in Q1, 2018. Bad debt in Las Vegas was $400,000 comparable to the prior year quarter. In Boston, we incurred $241.7 million in total project cost during the quarter taking the total spend to date to $1.38 billion. We remain on time and consistent with the last published budget. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.36 billion and total cash and investments of $2.2 billion, including $1.6 billion at Wynn Macau. Those debt and cash balances reflect the payment of the $2.4 billion universal note and settlement. However, it’s important to note that several financing transactions were in motion on March 31. Our $800 million bridge facility used to partially pay the universal note and settlement was outstanding at quarter end. Also at March 31, the sale of $927.5 million of stock to Galaxy Entertainment had been arranged but had not yet closed. When that equity transaction closed on April 3, $800 million of the proceeds were used to repay the previously mentioned Bridge loan. With that, we will now move to Q&A.
Craig Billings: What I mentioned is that it really didn’t have the material impact in Macau, because we held high and direct and low in junkets. So really the only impact was in Vegas.
Craig Billings: Harry, it's Craig. So that really a routine repurchase authorization that we and all other Hong Kong listed companies seek every few years. It's much more procedural and is not reflective of any intent.
Craig Billings: The light rail, that is scheduled for 201.9 They have been testing the rolling stuff and structural wise its getting very close to completions. The drag on the light rail was the depo which had some contractual disputes and the government had done an excellent job in getting that far back up again very quickly and I think that they're locating extra speed. So, we hope to have it open next year. Clearly it's a huge opportunity for Wynn Palace in particular with the station right outside our property and it traveling on two sides of the property, so again a great thing for the neighborhood.
Craig Billings: Hey, David, it's Craig. I'll start and then I'll pass it to Matt. So as I mentioned earlier in the Q&A that share repurchase authorization that we're seeking is purely procedural and is done by most all Hong Kong companies and is not reflective in any way of intent. You actually look at our peers and their filings and see very very similar proposals.
Craig Billings: David, we'll talk you after this call about that. We're going to walk you through the changes and give you a sense for what it does primarily to EBITDA margins where it has a modest kind of 1 to 200 basis point impact in Macau.
Matthew Maddox: Sure. When we entered that market it was actually five years ago. We were excited about the prospect of that market, our location and the ability to generate some growth for the company. And five years later till today, we still like the Greater Boston area market. We think it is a really good opportunity. However, we are a $30 billion company, and if there was ever any risk due to heightened rhetoric, that there could be any contagion from Massachusetts into our $30 billion company in Las Vegas and Macau, we will have to take a hard look at what is best to protect our shareholders and our value. Still again, we love the market. We are going to continue to actively cooperate with the regulators there, and move forward. But at the same time, we will always be protecting our shareholders and our employees.
Matthew Maddox: I think that our understanding is consistent with yours that it’s in the summer. I wouldn’t want to speculate early or mid, but we are actively cooperating with regulators and it feels like the process is moving forward quite smoothly.
Matthew Maddox: So those two things are totally separate. What we agreed too with Universal was that from the time that note was outstanding the $1.936 billion that instead of it being at a 2% interest rate, it would be at a 6% interest rate. And when you recalculate it over the five year period, that’s why the number was $2.4 billion instead of $1.9 billion. So the extra 400 plus million dollars was incremental interest expense.
Matthew Maddox: Sure, so what I’m focused on is having long-term strategic partners as owners of this company. The two investors that buy 8 million shares from Steve Wynn fit into that category and so does Galaxy. I’ve been a long admirer of [Indiscernible] and what he’s done, and they are long-term investors. And so having long-term stable capital in the equity, I think is very is a very good move for this company and for all the shareholders. Also, Carlo I’m not a big fan of lots of parent company debt, which is where that $1.9 billion existed. It was the only debt at parent, so advertising the parent, getting rid of the $2 billion of debt at the parent, really enhances our flexibility to do more in the future.
Matthew Maddox: Sure, so the company’s current asset base is the best in the business I believe. And our growth profile is quite strong. And so what we are doing is we are reprioritizing where we want to spend our capital based on where we think we can get more immediate growth. So I have re-prioritized spending money in Macau, and looking at those projects and in what’s going to attract new customers and keep our customers at those properties longer. In Las Vegas, our previous project it actually the budget was over $3 billion. That was not sustainable, and so we are taking a hard look at what is sustainable here and what’s going to keep attracting our customer. So we are moving forward with the lagoon and we are going, and I’m a big believer in the future of Las Vegas and so what were going to be coming back to the investment community with later this year is where our next development opportunity will be. Will it be on the lagoon? Will it be on the Las Vegas strip with a property we purchased in January, those are things that we are studying now and we’ll spend a lot of time on. In terms of future development, we – I am going to be spending more time and we’re really enhancing our team to focus on the Japan opportunity. It’s something that I think is getting time is getting, ripe for additional investment and we are really focused on that. We think we have a great story there we’re already talking to potential consortium partners. We are focusing on locations. I have dedicated a couple of people there, that are full time, that are developers and understand how to work with the governments in terms of what it is that they want to accomplish. So the vision is we are going to keep developing. We are going to be at the top of the market. We are going to use our 150 people in our design and development team to execute properties at the highest standards that are going to drive shareholder returns.
Matthew Maddox: It is. We will consistently review invest in the ground, paydown debt, buyback stock, increased dividends. Those are something that Craig and his teams are going to be reviewing on an ongoing basis and what is going to drive more value. The 50% increase in the dividend is something that was easily sustainable by our business and we -- our board and management team will continuously be reviewing that.
Matthew Maddox: Because both operators Wynn and Galaxy focused on quality and on experience, I think that as international jurisdiction open up we could potentially work together to jointly examine those. We certainly haven't made any agreements to do that, but our operating styles and philosophies are very similar and it's something that could potentially be a valued to both companies in the future.
Matthew Maddox: I would hate to speculate for them. It doesn't look like a 100% from a guy that drives bide everyday to go to work, but I really think you would have to ask them. There are some cranes out, there are some people there, so it's not empty and I'm actually not sure all about Fontainebleau. But it doesn't feel like it ramped up to a 100%.
Matthew Maddox: We would definitely agree that additional capacity in 2019 and 2020 would be a long shot. These projects feel to me like they are much further awaiting that.
Matthew Maddox: Sure. So, we're big believers in the Japanese market. Everything that Japan stands for in terms of tourism which is the best hospitality in the world, some of the finest food in the world, architecture that is hands down some of the best in the world. All of those things we think really fit with what we do, which is the luxury experience in integrated resorts, and more and more people from all over world in particular an Asia are traveling to Japan every year. So we would be – we're going to be very interested and looking at a large scale opportunity there we will be working with consortium of companies, but its one of the moments that in our industry you do not want to missed. And so we're clearly always watch to make sure that the rules and regulations are conducive to good operating environment, but it's one that we're very focused on.
Matthew Maddox: Sure. There's just been an onslaught of negativity from the media. And what that does is that destabilizes people because they read that are things for sale or their problems, and so I've actually been hosting town halls for all employees about 15 of them and I think I've seen almost 15,000 employees so far talking about the future of the company and how bright it is and how we're not for sale and what it is they were doing and how we're focusing on who we are and we're going to keep reinvesting in our people. We immediately implemented some initiatives that had been a long time coming like [Indiscernible] didn't exist in Las Vegas, should have. And so there are simple things like that that we've initiated. We've initiated some leadership development programs for line level staff that want to then make it to supervisor and supervisor to manager. We've rolled that out in a big way because we want to continue to provide opportunities for our people to grow. So really what we're doing is just reminding everybody that we are Wynn. We're very strong and the future is better than the past, no matter what the media likes to say.
Matthew Maddox: One other thing I'd like to point out in Las Vegas, if you look at our non-gaming numbers and it doesn't look like that the other piece outside of hotel is up very much. There's a reason. Our retail revenues were down almost 20% but that's because of a change in strategy. We've been moving out of operating unprofitable retail stores and moving into experts in retail and leasing that out. So while our revenues in retail were down almost 20% our operating income in that department was up almost 10% for the quarter. So those are things that wouldn't be transparent in the press release but moves that we continue to make internally.
Matthew Maddox: The capital allocation strategy at Macau is to continue to focus on investment and non-gaming amenities that will drive additional customers to Macau and accelerating the design of those and those investments because we feel like there's great opportunity there. And we'll continue to always revisit our dividend policy there relative to our free cash flow.
Matthew Maddox: We are internally big believers in Las Vegas. I think the future of Las Vegas is very bright. What it is that we build will be consistent with the Wynn brand and with luxury and with the customer that we have been focused on for the last 15 years. So we're moving forward with lagoon and we are reevaluating what our next development opportunity should be, but we are moving forward with ideas for a new development opportunity whether it on lagoon or across the street, because over the next number of years we are believers in Las Vegas. What we done in Macau is just accelerate a lot of the ideas that we've been working on and begin to try to move that forward in more expedited basis. And then we're always looking at international development. So if something comes up like a Japan or pick another place that has great rules and regulations and is a large opportunity and is potentially better returns than the company we'll have to look at and shift its focus. But for now we're monitoring all three and aggressively pursuing all three.
Matthew Maddox: No, no, that's not the right way to think about it. So the convention centers underway. We got $35 million out of that budget and enhance the customer experience. The lagoon is underway. So that is going to be targeted as an amenity for our 4700 rooms here at Wynn Las Vegas that will reinvent daytime activity in Las Vegas. I don't say that lightly. We're going to have watercraft, great water sports, beachfront, we're going to have some restaurants and some bars. It's going to be a really fun place to be for our customers. The next multibillion-dollar development of new hotel rooms, new restaurant, the full integrated resort that is what we are examining right now, before that was on the lagoon and being programmed as phase 1B. That's what we are re-examining to decide, do we want to focus there or do we want to focus across the street for the next resort.
Matthew Maddox: We're not going to quantify what the returns on those will be because it's really about adding to the overall integrated resort and keeping our customers longer. Clearly we think the returns are going to be strong. In terms of renovation I know the teams working carefully with the Encore room tower remodel, because it's one of the most popular room products in all of Macau, to ensure that we're not jeopardizing business. I mean, that tower runs at over 95% occupancy. So, taking rooms out to remodel is a delicate dance and we're working through that now to try to make sure we minimize the impact on the business.
Matthew Maddox: But the Cotai mix is different than Peninsula. So, we're not going to start setting targets for the Cotai room mix to be the same as the Peninsula. That, as you know, Tom is just the wrong thing to do. So, we'll continue to increase our room mix in an appropriate way so that we're maximizing the bottom-line.
Matthew Maddox: No, its too early, we are in beginnings of the conceptualization phase. We're actually bringing in some of the leading global designers and people in the animatronic world that we work with them in the past. They were actually responsible for the Lake of Dreams here in Las Vegas and Prosperity of Tree in Macau to start to conceptualize some really interesting non-gaming amenities. But we're at the beginning of that and it will be a number of quarters before we're able to articulate it.
Ian Coughlan: Sure. Thank you, Matt. So, we are completely committed to the future of Macau. We continue to reinvest in the properties. Our relationship with governments as an industry has always very collegiate and very engaged. We as an industry created great success for Macau. We've been good citizens. We take great care of our employees. We brought a lot of stability to the economy here and we have every indication that the process will take place at some stage this year and we have a future in Macau and industry all of the current players. So we're waiting to be given specific detail and there has been a lot of discussion about the need for the marketplace to have more of a non-gaining focus to provide some balance with casino revenues. We're very committed to that Matt address's that result in his opening remarks. Like our other concession partners in town we continue to focus on the future of Macau reinvestment and developed for the future.
Ian Coughlan: So, just sticking this with our customers continues, we continue to ramp-up. We've seen a significant gain in what we call our Chairman's Club and our Diamond Club areas. Premium mass customers are beating the way to Wynn Palace. We are using our rooms much more effectively and if you look at quarter 117, 53% of the inventory of the 1700 keys went casino customers. In Q1 of this year 73% of the rooms went to casino customers. So we clearly have even more room to grow there. We have listed type of customers that are standing in the room. The CO for the first quarter per room are nice tables, is up 47% and construct is up 23%. So we're getting better quality customers in the room. We got the finest room product in the marketplace. So people are getting more familiar with the property, the more holidays that happen the more visitors that are in town, the properties gaining traction, there's still lots of upside. The effective MGM, MGM will go through the same ramp-up steps that we have to go through. There's no miracles when you open a property. And we have seen increased visitation as Matt referenced. And a small negate of that is our gondola traffic is up 18% since MGM opened visitation into the property is up 7% to 8%, so there are more people on the street. The light rail was cleaned up significantly. We are waiting for the cross bridge to open between ourselves and City of Dreams. But in general the neighborhood is tightening up. We've got [Indiscernible] tower opening up later in the summer and then the [Indiscernible] Palaces announced since they'll open in Q1 2019, so lots of upside for Wynn Macau, very focused on premium mass customers, lots of room to take them in.
Ian Coughlan: The general sense in Macau was that it will open for traffic at some stage in the summer and the infrastructure civil engineering is all completed. The bridge – people have been doing test driving over the bridge. Key issue is the support services, getting everything coordinated simple things like rescue between three different parties and getting customs and excise organized, getting immigration organized and then dealing with how the traffic enters into the different points of entry. So that's being work through with three different authorities and it’s a magnificent structure. I don't think we'll see a huge impact from it initially. It will certainly ease the burden on the ferry terminal activity which right now is chaotic over particularly in the Hong Kong side, so we look forward to that teaming up significantly and the travel time from central Hong Kong to Macau getting through all the border situations will take an extra to be at time. I think the ferry itself will still be considered very convenient for people. But in time it will bring extra visitors to Macau the biggest gain from integrated result perspective would be the closeness of Chek Lap Kok, Hong Kong's airport and our ability to get our higher end customers from that airport to the city and to our resorts. So we're looking forward to that.
Ian Coughlan: It's also a soft refurbishment, so we can manage that very effectively. We did it with the Wynn Tower. We don't foresee it hurting occupancy too much.
Ian Coughlan: Well, as I addressed earlier, we've listed the number of rooms at Wynn Palace that are casino-related, some 53% in the first quarter last year to 73% in the first quarter of this year. So, we continue to have space in the property to bring more high-end customers in, casino high end customers. So, that's our opportunity. As the property gets more familiar with players, we have a lot more repeat business, new customers are being introduced, all the marketing efforts we're making are bearing fruit. So, we just continue the things that we're doing. We believe that we're still on lift-off and ramping up.
Ian Coughlan: It may be a good opportunity for Ciaran to talk about the strength of mass at Wynn Macau as well. And one of the key focus is just to not cannibalize Wynn Macau.
Ian Coughlan: That is the long-term opportunity. If every room at Wynn Palace goes to a casino customer and one with a high field, that's where we want to be.
Linda Chen: I think specifically how we been able to accomplish all the growth in the mass and premium mass, is first we definitely grew data base through the new aggressive sales of [Indiscernible] and their current existing sale and their strong relationship. And secondly as what we've done is you was up in the room as mentioned before, so every customer that stay in the room are absolutely putting more than what we use to have when we open. And then thirdly it's increased of frequency of both guest coming back to our property by doing more events and whether its consorts or casino marketing evens or even food and beverage event, we've leverage a lot on our facility to expand on the customer base. And then of course the casino promotion we've aggressively address those target each market. The Cortai and downturn market has different client and different that may spike in the casino events and we will address that specifically to increase that shows to our customers and hiring of sales. We've request there'll added new sales for downturn and Cortai.
Linda Chen: Also, actually, the quality of our room product is really the top in the market. So, we're able to progressively move our customer up to even the next level of room and suite products that they haven't experienced before. So, we have the penthouse and the villas, and those are actually new, if you may, experience for a lot of the premium mass customers. So, we've been able to progressively increase their flight based on the facility that they get to experience.
Linda Chen: Also, where we actually experienced downtown at Wynn Macau is we've been able to leverage the facility at Wynn Palace to reactivate a lot of our inactive customers that we lost from Wynn Macau to the Cotai market. So, once after our Wynn Palace property is available, we actually have been reintroducing our company and brand to those customers. So, now they've come across both properties. So, Wynn Macau has experienced a lot of, if you may, reactivation customer that hasn't visited in the past couple of years.
