Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Matt. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered $343 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $1.18 billion of operating revenues. As Matt noted, the quarter was characterized by strength and main floor core mass with combined property win in that core mass segment of 22% year-over-year. Our results in Macau were positively impacted by VIP hold, increasing EBITDA at Wynn Macau by approximately $8 million from a normalized level. Bad debt expense at Wynn Macau was comparable year-over-year, while at Wynn Palace, a swing from a $2.6 million credit in last year's quarter to $2 million expense in this year's quarter, costs us nearly $5 million in year-over-year comparable EBITDA. During the quarter, we spent $23.5 million on the West Casino refurbishment and Encore refresh, taking our spend to-date to approximately $42 million. Our Las Vegas operations delivered $137.4 million of adjusted property EBITDA in the quarter on operating revenue of $464.1 million with year-over-year growth in both Baccarat and non-Baccarat table drop as well as slot table. On the hotel side, RevPAR increased 9.5% year-over-year to $300, driving $127.6 million of hotel revenue, which is a property record. Property held high adding approximately $12 million to EBITDA. Bad debt expense in Las Vegas was $2.4 million compared to $1.7 million in the prior year quarter. We expect $58 million in project costs on the additional group space at Wynn Las Vegas, taking our spend to-date to $246.6 million. In Boston, we incurred $187.6 million in total project costs during the quarter, taking our total spend to-date to $2.45 billion. The remaining CapEx and construction retention of approximately $150 million will be paid over the coming quarters. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.15 billion and total cash and investments of $1.51 billion including approximately $804.3 million of Wynn Macau. During the second quarter, we returned over $100 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend payment. We will continue to look closely at capital allocation alternatives, including periodic increases to our dividends, as well as opportunistic share repurchases. With that, we will now open up the call for Q&A.
Craig Billings: On the margin point, Joe, the low hold indirect VIP high holding junket phenomenon that we experienced in the quarter and then the mix shift that Matt referred to on the premium mass and core mass side probably costs us 150 basis points to 200 basis points of margin.
Craig Billings: No. We have pretty rigorous process of aging our receivables, that's formulaic. It's not reflective of any particular micro trend. And so it's normal course stuff. So we went from $2.6 million credit in the prior year quarter to $2 million of expense in the current year.
Craig Billings: It's really very market dependent, Thomas. So I believe as premium comes back, which it will, we're going to be a net beneficiary of that. Timing when that comes back is not -- it's quite hard. But I would expect to see growth once we -- once the premium customer begins to come back to Macau.
Craig Billings: It certainly has been for six quarters. So we feel comfortable with our business model and the direction that we're going.
Matt Maddox: Sure. I'll start with that, it's Matt. So if you look at our operating expenses in the second quarter per day, they are roughly the same as the first quarter or the fourth quarter. What we had in the second quarter is we had really low hold in the direct part of our business and VIP, which that mix definitely impacted margin. And on the premium side of the business, while core mass was up significantly with the premium mass being down, that did impact the operating leverage and it did impact the margin side. So it's really premium mass coupled with low hold and direct.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So I'll start with that. Again, clearly, Wynn Palace needs more than 1,700 hotel rooms. I think you can see from some of our competitors that have just ramped up their new quite nice hotel product, what that has done to their bottom line. Our hotel is full. And on the weekends, we're turning away customers that we do not want to be turning away, and we know that they will spend more time and more money with us if they're staying with us. That coupled with the multigenerational travel that exists in Asia much different than really anywhere else in the world, the Crystal Pavilion is going to attract lots of customers, but also as we see at Cotai, families travel with customers. So we think that the Crystal Pavilion Entertainment -- the Crystal Pavilion project will be attractive to a much broader audience and we've estimated that we expect over 10 million visits to that on an annual basis. So the premium mass will be in the hotel and we think that we'll get significant incremental visitation from the core mass with the project.
Matt Maddox: Well, Shaun, we have been doing that. So for our core mass to be up 22%, that's not by accident. We're running significantly more marketing events and concerts and programs. We are really looking at continuing to drive that business. And I believe we are taking a large share of the core mass relative to our unit base, so with our -- roughly 300 games of each play. So Wynn Macau will be perfectly positioned to continue to take additional share in core mass starting in 2020 as we finish that program. And I just like to again remind everybody, the premium business is not going away. We've all seen this over many, many years in 2016, and 2012, when it artificially contacts for a very short period of time and people focused on core, and then it expands quite rapidly. So what we're not going to do is change who we are. We are the premium operator and we will continue to be the premium operator. But during this time, we are capturing I think more than our fare share of the core mass growth.
Matt Maddox: So the planning and permitting process does take quite a long time in Massachusetts. And we're not in with any formal programs right now. We are talking to various potential partners, because I think joint ventures can really work on that 11 acres for additional hotels that might be not quite the Wynn standard and other entertainment offerings, because this will be an entertainment destination in the Boston Metroplex, and those 11 acres are going to be very valuable. So we're taking our time to make sure that we have the exact right program, and understanding what it is that we need to drive more visitations to our casino.
Matt Maddox: We've been approach by people that would like to think about putting an arena there for various events. We've been approached by people that like to do the outdoor districts that have lots of various entertainment aspects, but on a more boutique level. So we were evaluating various proposals. We're not in a rush but we do think that that's going to really add to the area and to the revenues of Encore Boston Harbor over the long-term.
Matt Maddox: That's right. What we've determined is we want to make sure that our service levels are at the Wynn standard, and that's not easy. The team is doing an amazing job, getting there and really a very, very quick way. But we'd always said let's give at least 90 days before we start hitting our full database at Wynn Las Vegas to offering people offers there, and directly marketing to our higher end customers. So the idea of that would be sometime in the fall.
Matt Maddox: Well, I think we've outlined everything between the food and beverage program in Wynn Las Vegas, the tailing CapEx for the group space in Las Vegas, the maintenance CapEx needs that we have across property, I think are well modelled, including in your model and in the Crystal Pavilion in Macau. That's really our pipeline.
Matt Maddox: We're going to always focus on large-scale integrated resorts that can move the needle on a Company of our size. So there are some large domestic markets that are talking about a third license, for example, in New York, but without really understanding how that would work, where it would be, it's hard to say how appealing that is, but we're keeping a very close eye on that, as well as, lots of people are spending lots of time in Japan including us. And so any time a market that could support a Wynn style property would open, we would be interested, but we're agnostic between domestic and international.
Matt Maddox: No, it shouldn't. So we have 7 acres of land adjacent to Wynn Palace, and we had actually built a retail corridor that was going to connect to Phase 2 that we never opened. Currently, it's housing Art Macau. If you were to go over there and look at all of the art installations that we ran for Art Macau. But that thoroughfare is closed off to the public normally, and that will be the connection into the Crystal Pavilion. So outside of construction traffic on the roads, the overall property should feel very little impact on the new construction. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that.
Ian Coughlan: No, the same headwinds existed for the last nine months continue. And clearly, what's happening in Hong Kong, albeit it's more recent, is certainly going to impact business in the short-term as you've described. And there's being disruption to people movement between Hong Kong and Macaw and that looks like it's going to continue for the next few weeks at least.
Ian Coughlan: VIP continues to be very choppy for the same reasons as the last 12 months to 18 months. I wouldn't suggest that there's stability there. We have some good months and then we have bad months.
Ian Coughlan: So we have business with the same junkets that we've had over the last 18 months. They go through periods of choppiness. One junket is up one is down. But there's nothing material about a specific junket that we do business with at this point.
Ian Coughlan: Based on visitor arrivals, which continue to grow, I don't think core mass is going to be affected. And I think it's too early to call the latest gyrations in the trade war.
Ian Coughlan: No, I think we knew we were going to develop both those plots of land. So, in fact, a lot of the back of house integration of those properties is already planned for. The facility of Wynn Palace as it exists has made provisions for a lot of back of house support.
Ian Coughlan: Nothing significant, it's certainly visually disruptive, but I wouldn't say, it's had a material impact on business. We are 40% of the way through remodeling the Encore rooms and we're hoping to have everything finished by the end of the year.
