Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: It's a great question, Carlo. As we've talked about before, we're really focused on lifetime value versus cost per acquisition, and when that ratio is favorable, we're more than happy to invest to drive long-term profitable growth. If you materially overshoot on CPA or offer non-economic promotions, then you can end up upside down on a customer pretty quickly, which obviously isn't very shareholder-friendly. In the current environment, there are certainly opportunities for us to do ROI positive acquisition.  They absolutely exist. It's really a question of scale. If you're not trying to be aggressive and drive headline market share with large-scale brand spend, performance spend, hyper aggressive customer promos, there are absolutely opportunities to grow the business over the course of the longer-term.
Craig Billings: On the real estate side, Joe, you know our position. Our position is, if any, over any reasonable period of time, our evaluation appropriately reflects the value of our real estate, then we're always more more content to control that real estate and be able to invest in that real estate, and that hasn't changed. To the extent that it does change, then obviously we will have to consider what's in the best interest of shareholders.
Craig Billings: There isn't one piece of the business, Thomas, that we haven't touched and addressed and changed and adapted. So really these 2 assets are firing on all cylinders.
Craig Billings: Sure. We're fortunate at the Company that we have a reasonably deep bench at the corporate level, and we've hired some real talent on the Wynn Interactive side, so we'll be coming back to you soon with a revised management structure and an outlook, and we'll talk to you about it then. Stay tuned.
Craig Billings: Sure. Shaun. We don't quote specific CPAs or specific LTVs. LTVs, of course, are a pretty lengthy forward-looking estimate. What I would say is that you really have 3 elements that impact this. You have brand spend. You have performance spend where you're actually buying digital ads to bring customers directly to the product, and then you have the underlying promotion that you're providing to the customer, and some participants in the market have structural advantages in those areas, some participants don't, and so when you're, when you're pulling all 3 of those levers into a very, very aggressive market where there's a ton of competition in it and ton of folks doing the same thing, it could become particularly difficult, particularly in states where you're entering the market late.  In Arizona as an example, where we did 26,000 plus FTDs over the course of September, that's a great outcome. Other states where maybe you're entering or scaling a little bit later becomes much more offer-driven and you can again, pretty quickly get upside down. I think what we're focused on is leveraging the advantages that we have. We have a database, we have a brand, and to the extent that we're not aggressively chasing every single lever. We can build a business over the longer term that's a great business into what will eventually be a really, really strong TAM.
Craig Billings: Well, on the capital intensity side, naturally Boston is going to be less capital intensive. It's just the nature of the business there and the nature of the asset relative to Vegas. Vegas is a market of pretty consistent reinvention, and as Matt mentioned, we've done an incredible job at that. On the valuation side, again, I think you have to look over any reasonable period of time and look at the value of the real estate within the broader business. So we watch that very closely. We watch it all the time, and we're very conscientious of the underlying real estate value, but that has historically been our position and it remains unchanged.
Craig Billings: Have they changed the competitive environment? It's just a form of financing. It's no different than a piece of debt. It just happens to be over time a more expensive piece of debt than we observe in the bond markets today. At the end of the day, each operator is going to make their own decision and form their own strategy. Being an OpCo has its advantages and has its disadvantages depending upon what's happening in the broader business. So I don't think it's an operational question other than the willingness to continue to reinvest in your business and how you do that. But I don't think it's a day-to-day operational question per say.
Craig Billings: Thank you. Yes, we were really pleased to be awarded that license yesterday, and New York clearly has the potential to be one of the largest addressable markets in the U.S. Given the tax rate as you point out, it's a prime example of a market where you need to be incredibly prudent with respect to marketing and bonus expense, which obviously is, as you also pointed out, a theme that I discussed pretty heavily in my prepared remarks. We have a great database in New York, particularly in the more affluent areas of the state, and certainly to the extent that you are prudent with marketing spend and bonusing, there's the opportunity to build a business there over time, but no doubt the tax rate is the headwind that we all have to acknowledge.
Craig Billings: Sure. Sure, Robin. First let me say that we fully intend to be Day 1 in every market that we address. We will be there Day 1. The important thing to keep in mind is not so much "Income Statement Profitability". It's profitability of cost per acquisition versus lifetime value. It's making sure that every first deposit or that you drive, or every cohort of first depositors that you drive are ultimately profitable on a lifetime value basis. So that's where we're focused. It's much more about the return on the spend, the return on the ad spend, and certainly we believe that we have the ability to do that over time. It doesn't mean that we're going to intentionally enter markets late.
Matt Maddox: What I can tell you is when the government announced a consultative process, it was very structured at beginning timeline, and when the meetings we're going to be scheduled and everything happened exactly as they had laid out, and so we just been very happy with how open it's been and how constructive it's been, and I think that that is going to continue throughout '22 as Macau really focuses on the long-term health and stability which they have continued to say of the industry and of the region. So I can't give any specific dates or timeline, but what I can tell you is we're very confident in the process.
Matt Maddox: Sure, Joe. Actually, there's nothing more to it than what I laid out at the beginning of this call. I have been here for 20 years. I was Steve Wynn's right-hand guy for a long time, and when that transition happened, I made the commitment that I was going to make sure this Company didn't lose what it was built on, which is excellent, service-driven and just being the best, and that's what I wanted to do. That's what I wanted to achieve, and we've done that. Now, the pandemic frankly elongated my program a little bit. Because when that head I realized, we don't need to lead through that and make sure that we come out better than ever.  So it's really one of those, it's been 20 years. Exactly what I wanted to achieve, we've done, and I feel like the management team that's in place, the people that are in place, and where this Company is, that it's the right time for me to go do something else, which I'm quite excited about and Craig is the exact right person to step in. There's really nothing more to it. Before, I committed to 4 years, and that's my 4-year anniversary.
Matt Maddox: Well, yeah, sure. I'll jump in and I think that given what we're seeing now, those estimates feel quite conservative, and I think it's pretty clear. What we achieved in Las Vegas was its market share taking and it's a restructure of the business. I think that we all sit around and thank our normalized margins are between 35 and 40 in this market, and so we didn't go out and cut a whole bunch of cost and slowly bring people back, trying to squeeze every last dollar. Now, we went out and got more customers, and I think that's going to continue in the same Encore Boston Harbor.
Matt Maddox: Yeah. This is Matt, and Craig and I have for the last five-plus years, we work on these things together, and that is what Wynn does. So I think we will be participating in the New York process up until it seems either like a good deal or uneconomic and it's hard to know. But that's one that we're going to keep a close eye on, and there are other potential new jurisdictions that could be really exciting, actually, and what's so great about this Company is our design team and architecture team over a 100 people that are responsible for mirage, and Treasure Island, and Bellagio, and Wynn, basically the modern-day integrated resort, are all intact and excited, and you can't build something new if you haven't built these things in the past, and our team is really good at that and understands how to make these things work both financially, but more importantly for the customers. So if a new opportunity comes up, that makes sense for Wynn and the Wynn brand, I think that the team will continue to look at it.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Craig, let me add my congratulations on top of everyone else's on the new role. I had a question about the potential gaming launched changes in Macau and just wondering your view is on, if government approvals required for dividends, would that be a concern in terms of ability to get shareholders return on the investment there, where would you be comfortable that would not be a factor that would come into play.
Robin Farley: That's great. That's a really helpful color. Thank you. Can I follow up on a quick one related to the online gaming strategy if I could? I'm just curious this approach of so many online betting operators is that revenue matters early and I would say not at any cost, and the market seems very willing to value on multiples of revenue, and I mean, I'm old-school and I think as you do that, that profitability matters more than that. But what are your thoughts about if you don't focus on that in the early stages?  You mentioned that entering late is more offer-driven may be than getting in on Day 1, and so it seems like that suggests that you do see a trade-off that there will be expense later if you don't capture the top-line market share up front. So wonder if you could just put some context around that? Thank you.
Robin Farley: I wasn't suggesting that you would but just maybe that holding back on the spend would mean that the revenue market share wouldn't be as high as the profitability market share. But that's helpful context. Thanks very much.
