Steve Wynn: So Joe as you saw in October, November, our market share was in the 8.5% and 9% range that’s the direct result of low hold in the premium mass area. And so that when you look at it, that’s between a $15 million and $20 million EBITDA impact for the fourth quarter which was in the premium mass area on October and November.
Steve Wynn: Joe I think that what you should know is that our tables are going to increase by about 40 tables after Chinese New Year with the new VIP rooms coming on and the incremental mass tables that will be up to about 485 tables, excluding poker in two to three months. And they are in the right positions in the casino. So it’s not just about number of tables, it’s where they are and we repositioned all the product and we’ll be up to 485 tables in a couple of weeks.
Steve Wynn: That’s a great question, I must say. And I’m sure glad you asked it. I didn’t expect that today. But the answer is at least speaking - I’m getting over cold, - for our Company in each and every case in America leading up to China, we have broken the record for casino revenue at the Mirage, we broke the Caesars pre-existing record for casino revenue than we broke the Mirage record at Bellagio and that we broke the Bellagio record at Wynn in the we broke the Wynn record when we opened Encore. What's interesting though, even though we’ve gone into the $800 million range, never in the history of our company, has our casino revenue met or exceeded our non-casino revenue. That is to say the reputation of this Company, its status today is based upon the fact that we did not focus completely on gaming but recognize that gaming was a result and not a cause that although it was a productive cash register in the building, that the real attraction on the power of the energy of our – vitality of our enterprise, was directly related to its non-casino experiential, entertainment and hospitality aspects. The one thing that led to the spread of new concessions in Macau, the desire of that government after the turnover to the PRC, was to broaden the appeal of Macau and to diversify from purely Bacura to beyond Bacura. Now all of the operators there, all of our competitors have recognized this from day one, not because of a mandate from the government necessarily, but because of their understanding of how the industry survives and prospers, based upon creating experiences for people that they can't get at home. Tourism, the broadest definition of tourism, a positive exciting experience which you can get at home and surely we recognize that a slot machine or a Baccharat an experience you can get anywhere. Every damn slot machine on earth looks like every other one I can’t even tell one manufacturer from another unless I look at the plate on the side. Every roulette table is identical to every other roulette table, no matter what nation you’re in, from one end of the globe to the other. Our company has recognized that more any other company in history. Our non-casino revenue always exceeds our casino revenue. Wynn Palace was built as Bellagio and Wynn and Encore have been built to create a complete tourist destination experience. Only the smallest part of our budget in Macau was dedicated to Baccharat tables, but hundreds of millions, yes billions of dollars up to $4 billion dedicated to entertainment, shopping, food and beverage, spas, incredible hotel room experiences, and most importantly to an extensive in depth training routine and discipline on the area of human resources to guarantee the visitors to Wynn Palace, a unique experience for those people who travel and seek to have unique experience. So when you hear that the central government and the Macau government urged operators to diversify the attractions of their facilities, when they speak to us they’re preaching to the choir. We invented that idea, it has been certainly enhanced and it’s certainly been carried on by companies like Venetian and Melco. No question in Galaxy and all of these facilities being built in Cotai today are remarkable destination resorts. And they were planned and they were executed with enormous amounts of capital, before and during any encouragement by the central government or the Macau government. So this is a development, this development of non-casino is something that was going to happen anyway and has to happened. And I’ve said this once before, I'm going to repeat it again today. If you take Macau, with its destination resorts, which include gaming tables and you take Hinson Island adjacent to Macau, with its additional non-gaming attractions like theme parks, I’d say that Macau Hinson Island area will in the next five years to ten years, become the most dynamic tourist destination location on the planet. And that’s saying something in country that has Orlando, and Ohio and Las Vegas. But boy what’s being done over there is really something. And to a certain extent it’s happening in Shanghai as well. So I hope that responds to your question.
Steve Wynn: One thing last year, $800 odd million in gaming revenue but the total revenue of the place was just shy of $2 billion. That's not a gambling hall. I'm talking about Las Vegas now, just $1 million, $1 billion $1.97 million or something in revenue. Just shy of $2 billion, the gaming was only $800 odd million of it. That will give you idea of – and that’s been, and is going to be. And in China because of the vigorous gaming activity it’s very hard to exceed the gaming with non-gaming facilities, but if you look at the facilities, they are lopsided non-gaming. Okay I'm sorry that ends my answer.
Steve Wynn: Well, I mean, certainly I'm concerned about the attitudes and trying to handicap the behavior of Chinese, Hong Kong and Chinese players that travel the world and visit various places. Our New Year’s was very vigorous in terms of Malaysia, and Indonesia, and Taiwan, Korea this in January and South Korea in January. The head is in Hong Kong and Mainland China. And the future of it is unknowable at the moment. There are so many moving parts. I don’t have an answer to it on this call. And sometimes, you just have to say you don’t know.
Steve Wynn: Well, first of all, let’s understand that Macau this is not 2008, Macau went from sky rocketing to healthy revenues. Let’s keep some perspective to this conversation. Our structure now does not threaten our dividend in the near future. Now when Cotai opens next year hopefully some time next year that there will be an incremental revenue and profitability from it and I can’t see that any other answer would be appropriate looking forward.
Steve Wynn: So I was always hoping the dividend would increase. I haven’t thought that it would decrease. Nor do I think so today. Now Matt, you deal with this, you and Steve Cootey. You can correct me if you like to.
Steve Wynn: Everything will be ready in a few days we are finishing everything, in real time in the next six days. Okay go ahead Matt.
Steve Wynn: Interesting question, I’m gathering my thoughts. At the end of this consideration, you and I and everybody else on this call, have to ask ourselves, is there a commonality and humanity in terms of aspiration? Is China so different than America? And my answer to that question based upon these 40 odd years of dealing with Asian customers more than anybody else probably in the last 30 years staring with Maurice and talking to them constantly both here and at home in Macau. Is that aspirationally all folks are the same? When they go on vacation, they want to live bigger and better than they can in their normal discipline lives. And that’s what makes destination resorts necessarily special, so that they can fulfill that aspirational dynamic. Nothing that we’ve seen in China has changed my opinion and in fact everything that we’ve experienced in the past twelve years in wonderful Macau has reinforced that. Folks may look differently and talk a different language and their menu maybe different, but in terms of what they want, it’s all the same. And everyplace in the world, we’ve given people what they want in this ever more mobile society the moving middle class of the world, they have responded to the same amputation with similar enthusiasm. Wynn Palace is a gilt edged invitation to that party. And my confidence is based upon 40 years of experience both with American and international players, and the Brazilians and the Mexicans, and the Argentineans and the Columbians, where we have offices, and the Venezuelans, the Taiwanese, the South Koreans, the Japanese and the Chinese folks, when they have some money and the chance to enjoy at, they all want the same thing. And that’s the basis of my confidence and I might add it’s most likely if Sheldon was on the call or Francis Loi, they’d or Lawrence Hover, Jamie Packer they would say the say the same thing. I believe that to be true. And that’s something I’m very hesitant as you know. I’m insecure about the short-term future of the way things rollout in Macau. But I am not insecure about that answer to that question.
Steve Wynn: It’s confusing. People with money are destabilized at the moment in China. I think that - and you’re seeing that all across mainland China, that people are being cautious. There’s an uncertainty in China these days about the things that are a little foreign to us here. What is expected of them? What’s the relationship of Chinese businessmen to Chinese government officials? Is corruption is widespread as people say it is? I read the South China Morning Post, I talk to people and this campaign against corruption has been a big wakeup call in China. President Xi Jinping has determined that his leadership should eliminate the perception of corruption. And the only way to do that is to root it out and you know there is a huge national campaign to investigate public officials and their behavior. Now it's comforting to note that the liaison officer who represents the central government in Zhuhai that looks over Macau, made a public statement, when I was there last week, that there is little or no evidence of any government officials gambling away their money in Macau. He wasn’t concerned about that that was a positive announcement by him. And I think he felt it necessary to say that but we wait for an announcement from the government with bated breath to understand what their perceptions are of Macau and what the related activities will be as a result of those perceptions. So I think what we’re seeing across China is a retrenchment of spending instincts and how long will that last, I don’t know.
Steve Wynn: What we, I thought we dealt with that. We allocate the tables based upon a moving assessment, this weekly. And we reevaluate the activity on our VIP and if we don’t like it, we move it into mass.
Steve Wynn: Well you know, at the end of the day, the government will assign those tables. And they haven’t officially done that yet, and but I might point out that in planning Wynn Palace we were required to submit extensive schedules of how many employees we would need for construction and when we would need them. How many people we would hire from Macau, how many tables we need, everything was included in the submissions that were considered and reviewed by the government extensively for protracted periods of time. And that process was slow, laborious and extended, and then we got our final approval and we commenced construction. The building was designed and the employees and the promises made to the employees were all based upon all of those submissions and those decorations which were then approved and accepted and we were given the green light to go ahead. It seems to me that at the end of the day the government will respect that to talks of caps and all of that thing, all of those sort of things, they occurred after our approvals and after our construction had begun and on the land and so, well, I don’t know what our table total is as we speak today, I have a sense that commonsense and consistency will be the order of the day. I don’t see the government in Macau threatening the security of the employees who live in Macau for our shareholders of our company I just don’t see that, do I sense that in my conversations with the government. So how they allocate those tables is something that’s clearly their own business, but the responsibility for these projects, although we have financed and built them is also their business. And I have confidence that their commonsense and their integrity will – but the end of the day it’d be the last word on the subject. I don’t know how you’d look at it if you change seat with me this afternoon, but that’s my feel about it.
Steve Wynn: Yes, Maurice is with me. But there is a preemptive moment to that answer. Two projects have been announced directly facing our land. We have over 2,000 feet on this strip and opposing our 2,000 feet are the frontage of the old Stardust and the old Frontier Hotel. The Frontier has been purchased by the interest of James Packer and he has hired people of quality and experience to build and to design and build a facility that is approximately $2 billion. Our KT Lim, an internationally experienced casino developer in Malaysia and Hong Kong and even New York, with the slot machines of Aqueduct, in Singapore and Malaysia and Aqueduct. He has announced a project on the site of the Stardust or the [indiscernible] property again it supposes Encore that is $4 billion. Now, if you say that instead of an empty land and a couple of shell structures, we’re going to have $6 billion worth of construction and eventually in four, five years buildings and employees and guests across The Street with thousands of rooms. That’s worth at least $30 million to $50 million on the bottom line of my company. I love that. And so right away, I see Las Vegas being enhanced going forward by this kind of experienced capital investment. Hopefully, those projects won’t be false starts, they will really happen. And the men who've announced them are people fully capable of keeping the promise. That’s good news for us, in our spot here on the promenade. So my feeling about Las Vegas, it’s still the destination of choice worldwide. Otherwise, why would all the Asians come here as they do on Chinese New Year? Why were they all here on New Year's Eve? They filled - over 2,000 of them filled our ballroom to watch Bruno Mars. And then they shopped and eat and gambled and enjoyed themselves to the Hilton [ph], they have got a great New Years. So nothing's new and I think again so much depends on American domestic political situation. I thought that we were under the gun during the recession with administration policies of more, more of a wet blanket on job formation and economic development and they were constructive, but that was my own personal view. We seem to overcome the administration and the recession and we finally slowly seen to be crawling out of the ditch we were in and maybe things will continue to improve in America. In Las Vegas and at least the Wynn Resorts has comes through it handily. I think the same thing is going to apply in the future.
Steve Wynn: Yes, I decide to raise the prices. Pricing is always one of the art forms of any business. Pricing blackjack, pricing rooms, pricing everything, it’s always - you don’t want to price yourself out of the market, but you don’t want to miss the opportunity to take an increase, especially do you think you’ve got the kind of demand and reputation that will allow you to do it. We’ve been able to do that so far. The business of business is not about homeruns, it’s about ones and singles. And you build the reputation, you create a platform for a business, they can sustain pricing increases over a long period of time because of consistency. Consistency is probably the most important word in politics and business and human relations. Consistency is the most important thing to the future of Macau. Does the world think the China is consistent, the Macau is consistent, but the businesses and the governments will be consistent in their decisions. Consistency allows for a better future and a better life for people. Inconsistency is destabilizing and frightening and then creates all that uncertainty. We live with a certain amount of it on a daily basis. Surely, we do internationally as a nation with the problems in the Mid-East, surely we do politically in America and surely at the moment we do deal with uncertainty in China. The question becomes if the only constant is change in uncertainty then how agile is the company, how agile is it financially, how agile is it in terms of its human resources. It’s very important for CEOs and Senior Management of people in all companies to recognize that flexibility, agility is everything to survival in the modern world and I think that’s probably almost a universal truth these days. That’s the main thing that I see going forward that we maintain the kind of platform that will allows us to deal with change easily and to be agile. And then to trade on our goodwill and our past performance, we got the concession in Macau because of Bellagio and Mirage. And the Government of China decided that they wanted after the takeover to [indiscernible] appeal of Macau as a worldwide destination travel and tourists destination. They went looking for people that they talk to do it. And I think that we got the concession because of our past performance in Las Vegas. And our job in Macau has been to keep that promise going forward with the capital, we have less invested as much in China as we’ve ever made. All our money is back in there, and in spite of the success we’ve had and that is true a Venetian, as well as Galaxy and Melco, we’re all the same in that regard. Everybody, MGM is doing in this well. So I think that all bodes well for the future in spite of short-term uncertainty.
Steve Wynn: Let’s just take one at a time, in terms of the impact so long as it’s the same for everybody very little impact. So go ahead Robin.
Steve Wynn: So again cost pressure in the mass business, our margin in the mass areas has been very consistent. Some of the things that you’re picking up are retail revenues are down and when retail revenues are down that goes straight to the bottom line because that’s the least income and very high margin. So for the whole town, everybody is experiencing that. And we’ve always said we think our EBITDA margin given all the various mixes is going to be somewhere in the low 30s and that’s where it’s coming in.
Steve Wynn: Anybody else, we’re going to leave you out. If there is anybody there - another question. That’s a good time to do it. I know there is lot of changes, so even though that was supposed to be the last question, if there is another one I will take it.
Steve Wynn: We had two labor requests to finish. It took 7,000 people to fill the building. We had 4,600, 4,700, we needed 2,300, we got 700 were 1,500 was due – 1,500 that 1,000 - that was - request was October, the 700 we got was last week and right around the middle of February, we needed the last 1,500. That request is in. It remains to be seen on how timely that request will be granted, but that would take our work force to 7,000 which is what the latent folks say they needed to finish the building on time and they have vast experience in Hong Kong and Macau and everywhere in Asia. And so when they say 7,000 people, it takes to build six million feet that isn’t wish list, it’s just a simple practical explanation of the requirements. And we’re 1,600 or 1,700 away from that now.
Steve Wynn: That’s it I guess. So thank you everybody, I appreciate your attention. Hope that we’ve been responsive and will wait to see what happens in the next 60 or 90 days.
Matt Maddox: It’s a combination of junket tables and mass casino tables. And also to note, we’ve had a lot of construction taking place throughout the fourth quarter. Now we get the West Casino back in its entirety and it’s looking fantastic.
Matt Maddox: No, you are right. Low average, lots of cash protected the dividend and we have a big property hoping next year.
Matt Maddox: And we haven’t been going through these reclassifications scenario you're seeing other operators going thorough. So your mass tables are our mass tables in the same as our VIP.
