Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox, Marilyn Spiegel and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig Billings: Sure, Carlo. So you may recall, we touched on this a little bit on the last call. And really, as the business has come back in North America, we've been better able to understand where we will have permanent cost saves and where some costs might come back in. You saw some of those costs come back in over the course of Q2, and we had more than corresponding revenue increases. But as we said on the last call, we're really not talking in terms of margins because that is ultimately business mix and revenue dependent. But what we did say is that we expected about $150 million of ongoing annual cost saves in the US, comprised of somewhere between $75 million and $95 million in Vegas and $65 million to $85 million in Boston.
Craig Billings: Sure. So we would expect - it's really SEC dependent because we have another instance of the S-4 that will need to make its way through the SEC. They were pretty expeditious with the last review. So we would hope that the shareholder vote would be in late September. We would then get regulatory approvals, which is really just protocol, and we would hope to close in early to mid Q4. Keep in mind, we have the ability to advance that business funds from Wynn Resorts and then essentially take that back as part of the proceeds. So it's not going to stop us from deploying capital where appropriate and prudent, but we would expect closure sometime in Q4.
Craig Billings: And as Matt mentioned, Robin, we generated a tremendous amount of EBITDA in July despite the buffet being open and all the parking dynamics that Marilyn just mentioned. I would just refer you back to what we talked about on our last call and I referenced a little bit earlier, which is the kind of $75 million to $95 million of cost saves in Vegas we think are permanent and $65 to $85 in Boston, and then you can vary the model and kind of back into the margin.
Ian Coughlan: So it's very clearly linked to the pace of vaccinations, as you pointed out, within the PRC, but also within Hong Kong and Macau and us getting a tripartite agreement and a bubble going so that we can get back to a higher level of normal than we've experienced. We have managed the lift in business very well. There is a desire on the part of the PRC government to allow travel into Macau whenever it's possible. We've obviously had a pullback in the last couple of days, but there's confidence that the current small cluster will be under control within a couple of weeks. We're going through mass testing of the entire population of Macau over a three day period. And we're confident that we will reopen with the PRC in due course, but it is very linked to vaccine rollout. The one consequence of having a small cluster Delta outbreak in Macau is it will be a huge encouragement for some of the people that has held back on getting a vaccine because they deemed Macau very safe. This could be an alert for them to go and get vaccinated. Right now, we're at 44% vaccination rate in the city, very similar to Hong Kong. So we hope to lift that considerably in the coming weeks and months.
Ian Coughlan: Yeah. The government's primary focus is clearly on the managing the unpredictability of the pandemic, that's the primary focus. But it doesn't mean that work isn't taking place behind the scenes. The government have referenced on a number of occasions that the first step in the process is a public consultation process that will take place in the second half of the year. There's also a completion of local elections in September, which is necessary before they start addressing any gaming law revision. So there is a lot of activity going on behind the scenes. No official conversations yet, but work is taking place. Primary consideration is managing the COVID pandemic.
Ian Coughlan: So actually, during the quarter, the first and second quarter, we've had 9 stores of Wynn Palace that have been shut down and had been getting moved around. And we have the arrival of 9 LVMH brands into Wynn Palace. So they're opening an LV men's and women's, 2 different stores, at the end of this week. We've got 2 stores with Christian Dior opening. Fendi and Bulgari opened recently. So there's a huge desire with the top brands to be represented in both Wynn properties. We have a queue as long as my arm [ph] of brands that are trying to get space at either of the properties.
Ian Coughlan: So our workforce is predominantly Macau based with Macau local residents. We do have 20% of our working population that is import labor, but we have no issues with finding workforce. And the majority of our import labor comes from the PRC, so we haven't had any issues at this point. And I don't believe Macau will have any issues attracting workers.
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. The - August is our first month that we will almost be back to a normal run rate for group bookings. But when you think about second quarter, each month was sequentially higher. And this year, we are going to have more group bookings than we had ever in the second half of the year. So we're in good shape right now. We've had just a handful of cancellations. We have our largest group that comes in next week, and the pickup is solid. So we feel really good about that. For 2022, we are above pace from what we were in 2019, and the same is true for 2023. And the ADRs are higher in 2022 and 2023. So we feel good about that group business in addition. The pace of leads has been also accelerated. So COVID is relatively new. We don't know what the future is going to be like. But in terms of just a week ago, that's the status of what we're seeing.
Marilyn Spiegel: Well, when you think about the buffet, we have opened the buffet. It opened at the beginning of July. And so that is open five days a week. We also have our valet parking at our tower suites that is complementary for guests or guests who choose to park in Wynn Resorts. On the resort side, there's a fee for parking, but they park for free in the parking garage. All other amenities are wide open. We'll be opening some additional restaurants in August. We opened Delilah in July. So that brought on additional labor. And then our new Mexican restaurant Casa Playa will be opening in August. And so you'll see additional FTEs coming on, but also the appropriate revenues to support that.
Marilyn Spiegel: The group - Robin, the groups on the books coming in the second half of 2021 are the highest number of group bookings we've experienced at Wynn. And so typically, most of the group bookings will happen in the first and second quarter. And so there is a couple of reasons for that. One, groups that were scheduled in the -- in 2020 are - were pushed into 2021. And some of those groups were pushed into the second half of the year, but they have held. And so it's a large number of group bookings for a second half.
Marilyn Spiegel: Correct, it is. So the pace in 2022 is the most group bookings we've ever had on the books at this time for the year. So we are pacing very well in '22 and very well in '23. We're quite optimistic about the group business, especially with our new asset, which we really didn't have a chance to use much because we opened it up and then COVID hit us in 2020. So we feel very good about the group business coming back. Of course, all that depends upon the future of COVID in our lives.
Matt Maddox: Yeah. I've stated, I think, on our last couple of calls that we are very optimistic about premium mass and the liquidity profile that will be there and in core mass. And VIP is certainly structurally changed. And a lot of VIP customers are converting to more direct customers, we're seeing that already. So the idea that VIP would revert back to its previous levels, I think that's clearly a foregone - that's not going to happen. But the overall market and high end customers I think will be quite robust as, you point out, the green light comes on.
Matt Maddox: And so David, my point to that is, clearly, that's just a small portion of our EBITDA, but it's an indication of what people are seeing in that region that Macau is going to be, I think, a very successful and robust tourist destination for the premium mass customer as things start to clear.
Matt Maddox: And I'd like to point out in North America, clearly, attracting workers has been a challenge just for the hospitality industry. But for us, it hasn't been. We set a record EBITDA in Las Vegas in July. And we also had an additional 500 people that we brought on board to make sure that we keep our margins where we have them but then our service levels are maintained. And the same thing's happened at Encore Boston Harbor. So the labor market is clearly tight, but the applicant flow that we've seen coming to our properties has been extraordinary. We've had a hard time interviewing people versus finding people. And I think that's really going to be a big benefit for us going forward. Operator, we have time for one last question.
