Craig S. Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox; and Maurice Wooden. Also in the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Craig S. Billings: Thank you, Matt. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered $409.1 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $1.3 billion of operating revenues on the back of growth in VIP and mass with mass table win a particular highlight increasing 36% year-over-year. In fact, over 70% of our departmental EBITDA in the quarter was generated in mass, slots and non-gaming. We continue to diversify our business in Macau. While Macau's operations for the quarter were impacted by September's typhoon-related closure, the estimated EBITDA impact to the closure was offset by approximately $11 million of EBITDA in the quarter from the receipt of business interruption insurance proceeds related to 2017's Typhoon Hato. Our results in Macau were also positively impacted by VIP hold as Matt mentioned primarily at Wynn Palace increasing EBITDA from our Macau operations by approximately $20 million from a normalized level. Bad debt in Macau was $2.8 million in the quarter compared to a $600,000 credit in the prior year. Our Las Vegas operations delivered $95.3 million of adjusted property EBITDA in the quarter on net revenues of $398.9 million. Las Vegas held low during the quarter, negatively impacting EBITDA by almost $10 million. As the quarter develops, the property was increasingly impacted by market-wide declines in table revenues, which also negatively impacted ADR, RevPAR, and hotel revenues with a loss of higher ADR casino nights in the room base as Matt mentioned. In addition, weather events also negatively impacted our nightclubs driving year-over-year declines in food and beverage revenues. In Boston, we incurred $193.3 million in total project cost during the quarter, taking the total spend to-date to $1.83 billion. The property really looks great and we remain on track to open in June of 2019. We ended the quarter with total debt of $8.9 billion and total cash and investments of $1.9 billion, including $1.4 billion at Wynn Macau. Subsequent to quarter end, Wynn Resorts Limited issued $500 million of term debt with the net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes, CapEx and potential share repurchase. Consistent with our announcement earlier in the year, our quarterly dividend is $0.75 per share returning over $81.5 million to the shareholders for the quarter. In light of the revised CapEx planning that Matt talked about, we anticipate generating meaningful cash flow after the opening of Encore Boston Harbor. We look forward to continuing to prudently reinvest in our business, while returning excess capital to shareholders. With that, we will now move to Q&A.
Craig S. Billings: Sure. Yes it does. We did say that. We have been pretty explicit about our capital return policies we do. We have a stated preference for dividend and I did say that if the stock got extremely cheap we would buy it. When outlandish market narratives or extreme market dislocation caused the stock to be really where we don't think it should be, then we'll back it with our own purchases.
Craig S. Billings: Yeah. I think you nailed it. The contraction of confidence is the way to look at it. When we look at our daily visitation to Wynn Palace, for example, it's roughly 20,000 people a day right now in line with where it's been in the past. So we're not seeing a large fall off in visitation or the place feels really busy. It's really in the premium segment where there's been a slight contraction in confidence. And as everyone that's been following this space for more than 10 years know, it's temporary, but it takes a little time to get that confidence back.
Craig S. Billings: Yes. I mean, we've been fairly consistent between 15% and 17% market share. As you witnessed in the second quarter we were a little lower because one of our competitors downtown opened a new junket room and flooded it with liquidity, and we lost some customers and it was very temporary. That could happen in a quarter in 2019 when some of our competitors are opening new junket rooms. But over a 12-month period we do not anticipate that we will lose any market share.
Craig S. Billings: No, Harry. Like we said in the prepared remarks, our mass business is doing quite well. Matt referenced the state of the premium consumer, post Golden Week, not only in his prepared remarks, but in all of the Q&A. We anticipate holding margin in the near term as really the increase in the proportion of mass offsets any operating deleverage that may come from lower volumes on the premium side.
Craig S. Billings: Sure. No problem. So on the group side, we're fine when we look out to 2019. Matt alluded to the softness in Q3 on the Baccarat side. And we're watching that day-by-day. As he just said, it's a global question. And so could that impact Q4 and then into 2019? Certainly, it could. So a little too early to talk about anything beyond that.
Craig S. Billings: Hey, Cameron, it's Craig. As Matt mentioned earlier that's inclusive of Golden Week, and as we indicated we had a pretty strong Golden Week. So Golden Week does increase that number. We're not going to provide anything beyond the $3.3 million to $3.7 million.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure, Joe. So what I'd start with is, this does not feel like 2014. There's not a large credit bubble looming. As an example, we're generating roughly $120 billion of turnover annually between our two properties, which is the same that we were generating back in 2013 with one property. But the advances that we're making to our junket operators are less than half today that they were then. So in talking to the junket operators, I was there recently, and none of them feel like this is the 2014 credit bubble that's going to pop. It really feels more macro. So what I would say to that is the demand for our product and for Macau in China is insatiable. We are very big believers in the long term in Macau. And if there's a pullback for three months, six months, nine months, not sure what it is, We've been through these. But we note that the underlying demand for this business is very strong. So again, I think pullback is definitely temporary. The growth of Macau is up and to the right. And we're well positioned to take advantage of that over the next five years.
Matthew O. Maddox: Joe, I wouldn't assume that many operators could be going on an expense diet, given the current structure of labor, which is going to be continually increasing and the commissions and taxes.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yeah, sure, Carlo. So just to be clear, the $3.3 million to $3.7 million is for the full fourth quarter, including Golden Week. And as we said, as I said earlier, Golden Week was quite strong. But what we're experiencing midweek and weekend, midweek has been soft and weekends have been sporadic. So I don't want to get into forecasting what 2019 is going to look like. I think that's a market call. We feel very comfortable with our position. But that's what we're anticipating for the fourth quarter.
Matthew O. Maddox: It's VIP and premium business. The grind business actually continues to grow. So we are seeing our main floor business doing well. And the premium business, it will grow. And that is where you always want to invest in this industry. But we're seeing a little bit of a contraction right now.
Matthew O. Maddox: It's really too early. We'll be providing more detailed CapEx estimates in 2019. But the one certainty is Wynn Palace needs more hotel rooms. On the weekends we can't accommodate all the customers that we need and we need to find a way to get to 3000 hotel rooms and create what will be the tourist destination in Macau with our Crystal Pavilion.
Matthew O. Maddox: No. I think I said in my opening statement that we're just beginning the design development of that, Harry. And it takes two years to really properly think through what is going to be the next great thing for Las Vegas. We're just launching that process. And we'll be doing it through 2019 and 2020 to really determine what's going to be the next great thing for this market.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. Harry, I understand the question. Again, we're investing in Wynn Las Vegas right now. We have new restaurants opening, a new convention center opening, the golf course will be reopening. And you're right on the free cash flow point. Once Boston opens in eight months, large scale capital deployment will not be occurring until a couple of years later, just because of the construction cycle. So we're in the full design and development mode for what we want to build in Macau. And we're at the beginning of that process here in Las Vegas.
Matthew O. Maddox: Harry, our overall market share, including slots, was over 17%. 17.4%. So in looking at the various segments, we were not losing share.
Matthew O. Maddox: As I mentioned in my opening statement, that what we've seen in the past is when there's a slowdown in the premium market globally, or in Asia in particular, Macau and you're seeing it somewhat in Singapore, that the Baccarat market in Las Vegas also experiences somewhat of a slowdown.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yeah. Our group business is at 80% booked right now, revenue is at about 85% booked for next year. So group feels fine.
Matthew O. Maddox: So, Cameron we don't plan our business which grows in five-year increments with these properties based on one quarter. So what we're doing is we're starting the design development of the 38 acres which will take 24 months to get through what it is that we think is going to grow this market. So we're going to be staring at 2021 in terms of here's a new project that we're really excited about and should we move forward. The best days for Las Vegas are ahead of it. We have the Raiders coming here. We have a massive expansion of our convention facility. There's no other place on the planet where you can have 150,000 hotel rooms within three miles to host what will be the biggest events on the planet. So we are long-term believers in Las Vegas, and we're going to work over the next two years to determine what it's going to take to move the needle.
