Michele Buck: Hey Andrew, good morning. I'm going to kick it off with a few responses and ask Steve to jump in as well. So first of all, I'd say we are really pleased with our first quarter results and the momentum that we see on the business. But it is pretty early in the year still. And as we all know, we continue to see significant volatility in the marketplace, whether it's record inflation, the Ukraine-Russia situation, continued disruption in the supply chain. As we dissect the business in the first quarter, clearly within the first quarter, the large majority of our sales were related to stronger elasticities that have been realized in the marketplace. But we do anticipate as we look further out in the year that we'll see some moderation on those elasticities, perhaps back to more historic levels. And a lot of that is driven by that reduction in government subsidies and the continued inflation pressure that we think consumers will experience. There was another component of our Q1 sales beat that was about a raise, that was about Dot's and our ability to really get our arms around the Dot's business and better understand what we thought it could deliver for the year. We have pretty good visibility into that. So we feel like the number there is pretty good. And then lastly, as we look at inventory, we've been really working hard to build inventory and we did get more inventory out to retail. We made a decision to do that in Q1 to really try and increase on-shelf availability. So from a sales perspective, as we look at what we realized versus how we think that will impact back half of the year, we think the strength in Q1 from sales is much stronger, but Steve, do you want to comment more about that and also relative to the constant profit situation.
Michele Buck: Yes. So Rob clearly over the past two years, we have had some nice gains in share and certainly those have contracted recently given some of the capacity pressure. I think we're up about 50 basis points versus where we were pre-pandemic and our share versus our next largest competitor that gap has clearly widened and remains pretty strong about 200 basis points ahead of pre-pandemic levels. We are doing everything we can relative to building capacity, investing in new lines, distribution centers, hiring more people to build our supply as much as possible and working really closely with retailers as well on our plans for Halloween right now. So we expect that as we go through the year, we will continue to have supply challenges, although they will improve as we progress throughout the year. And we're working a hard to maximize the opportunity for Halloween.
Michele Buck: So we believe that just as we've seen strengths in the seasons over the past two years that we will continue to see strengths in the seasons throughout the year. This year we've seen it in Easter, but at this point in time, we're not going to give any more specifics on exactly what those growth numbers are going to be. I guess, I would say overall, what I would say is we're not really seeing any big changes in how our competitors are operating or in their strategies. So really it's a focus on us continuing to build supply. Over the past two years, we grew pounds about 7% versus our competitors in the marketplace collectively had a 1% decline in pounds. So we are just a little tighter on supplying capacity than the environment.
Michele Buck: Yes. So our biggest capacity constraint is really on Reese and some of our assorted bags, but primarily Reese as you know, Reese is our biggest brand by far, it's over – it's a couple billion dollars in size and when it is growing double-digits, as it has been and had such a track record of strong growth that is – that's where some of the biggest rub and the biggest dollar opportunity that we're focused on. And then some of our other take home brands, obviously given the strength of consumers now consuming at-home, there's a lot of pressure on some of the brands in terms of how they show up in take home and that's spread across a number of different brands.
Michele Buck: Yes, so we are continuing to build distribution on Dot's. So clearly as we're acquiring the brand, the distribution remains skewed to kind of the West Coast, the middle of the country. And we've had a big focus on trying to close the distribution gap on the East Coast in particular and then to also fill in, in some of the key retailers and classes of trades throughout. So it's been a constant build. We had a lot of distribution growth in Q1, and I believe that we're in the mid-70s right now on distribution. So there remains some upside that we're experiencing now, we continue to drive through the back part of the year. So we continue gain household penetration as a result of that. And that continue – as more consumers find out about the brand, household awareness of the brand continues to be low. And we see that as a key opportunity as well.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we have seen some changes in consumer behavior within convenience stores, as gas prices have risen. But what we're seeing is that many consumers seem to be trying to manage the higher price by not fully filling their tanks. So they're making more trips but just not filling as full. And to-date, they have not reduce their non-gas purchases in a meaningful way. And we haven't seen an impact. Our business remains quite strong in convenience stores. So we haven't really seen an impact on our business that we do expect that these trends will continue to evolve as we see some of those pressures we talked about earlier relative to reduction in government subsidies and the continued persistence of inflation and the impact on consumers.
Michele Buck: So, yes, we definitely are seeing consumer mobility has returned its strong, it’s interesting. It’s certainly dialed up versus what it was before. And at the same time, we’re still seeing a lot of interest in some of the at-home behaviors where people haven’t totally returned to some things like restaurants and some activities, frankly, not as much because of COVID a little bit more because of some of the price pressure of inflation. So we are seeing some consumers try to consolidate trips, but we haven’t really seen a meaningful impact to our total trips. And we’ve been looking across each class of trade. I’d say food is strong, has accelerated, C-store I mentioned before, quite strong, which is a key indicator of mobility. But really across most classes of trade dollar, mass, food and C-store, the trends remain quite strong.
Michele Buck: We remain very confident in our pricing strategy and our ability to get price realization. As Steve mentioned, what you’re seeing in our P&L right now is the pricing that we announced last year flowing through into the business. We all know that this remains a volatile environment. The cost side has continued to evolve, especially with continued supply chain pressure and also the Ukraine-Russia situation. And as always, we will continue to look at every lever at our disposal as we always do to make the best decisions for the business.
Michele Buck: And on your other question, we are constantly looking at a couple things relative to the strength of retail takeaway in other CPG categories, as well as our own. And also how much market share is going to private label as that has typically also been a predictor of the consumer. We’re fortunate in our category, not to have significant private label, but certainly in other categories where that’s present we do look at that as well.
Michele Buck: Boy, I’d say, my first answer to that question is the resources to sustain and grow are in supply chain building capacity to really be able to drive against the very strong demand. So probably first and foremost, I think that’s the focus. I believe we have the retail resources that we need from a sales perspective. Our sales organization, from a marketing capability, I wouldn’t say it’s maybe as much about people we’ve continued to invest in capability with a new media partner, better targeting capabilities. Certainly that helps us to really maximize consumer demand and then maintaining the strong relationships that we have with retailers and just continue to evolve the total bundle of investment we have to drive against demand with our retailers and our consumers. But right now I think we’re focused really on supply chain, hiring more people in manufacturing facilities, engineers to execute the capacity work. That’s really where the focus is.
Michele Buck: Well, clearly as we are executing this capacity and looking at the future, automation, yes is a big lever across the business. We still have opportunities in some of our manufacturing facilities for what we call single point of automation, say an automated case pack or whatever the basic automation is. And then we kind of go to the connectivity of all the different parts of our system, talking to each other. And across our entire business, not just supply chain, we continue to look at opportunities where technology can allow us to operate more efficiently, give us better insights, et cetera. And then certainly as we look at our Salty business, now that we are gaining more scale and have many more businesses in that portfolio. As Steve mentioned earlier, we’re doing a lot of work on just optimizing the overall supply chain network and what that looks like. And that’s more efficient distribution. It is more efficient manufacturing, really across the board and that’s somewhat of a transformation.
Michele Buck: Yes. I don’t believe we are behind. This is a category where it tends to be line priced. It’s really noise related to Easter and just the mix of items that vary across different competitors during the Easter timeframe. I think as we go forward, you’ll see that really even out.
Michele Buck: Okay. So, we are big believers in advertising. I think we’ve talked a lot about our model is we are pleased to have some of the strongest gross margins in the end of street, and we believe in the model and then using some of those funds to reinvest in our brands and be one of the highest investors in the industry. It’s a highly responsive category with a strong impulsive nature as well. As you look to the rest of the year, we believe we will be up mid to high single digits and we will continue to invest as we expand capacity wherever we can because we’re big believers. Media efficiencies have really helped us to control the dollar cost because as a result of a new partnership and also new capabilities, we’ve gotten more efficiencies in our media. I think from a philosophy perspective, relative to your question about digital. We have not seen decline in list and return. And I don’t know if that’s – if they’re being offset because we’ve built capabilities, new capabilities to better target. And so we’re actually seeing a stronger targeting capability and thus better efficiency.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, on the top line, I think you hit all the key points. The inventory piece was about a three point benefit to the first quarter. That'll come out in the back half. So that's one of the unique things, I guess, that drove the first quarter performance. And then Michele touched on the elasticities, we saw big benefit in the first quarter. We do expect to see elasticities normalize a bit as we go forward quarter-by-quarter through the year so those are probably the two biggest things that's soften a little bit of the outlook on the top line.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes. The biggest driver for first quarter earnings was that volume – 4.5 points volume in the quarter that dropped through to earnings. So that was the biggest factor. And there were some unique pieces as well. I think we called out a couple in the remarks. One was inventory reevaluation, which is sort of an unusual thing. We see it in times of higher inflation which has the impact of giving a benefit to the P&L and putting more cost on the balance sheet to reflect the cost of goods value there. So that was 100 basis points to the confection segment in this quarter that won't repeat going forward. And as you said, we do expect more year to go inflation. In the first quarter saw a little bit of that incremental inflation, but as we look forward, despite the hedging that we have in place, we're still going to have some incremental exposure, particularly to the commodities impacted by the events in Eastern Ukraine – or Eastern Europe, sorry.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, thanks Ken. Yes, it was sluggish from our side as well. Some of the margin degradation we expected. So the mix piece that we called out, obviously, as we brought Dot's into that portfolio. We also planned on higher raw materials for the portfolio for the year, but the incremental inflation that we've seen more recently again following the events in Eastern Europe are falling more into the Salty Snack space. So thinking cooking oil, wheat, and then just the smaller business impact on oil price flowing through that P&L so that was I could say a surprise piece relative to the raw material side. We're also in the process of starting up a new distribution center that began in the first quarter, we'll continue through the second quarter. And I'd say the startup there's been a little bit bumpier than we expected, although we're working our way through it and expect to see improvement as we go through with the next quarter. And then we did have also some higher advertising expense in the first quarter and that will moderate. That was part of the plan to spend more in the first quarter in part to offset some of the elasticity due to price increases there, which I think we've done a good job of because that business is growing strong double-digits, but we'll see that begin to moderate as we get to the next couple of quarter. So if I kind of point to the things that were a bit unusual, I'd say the DC startup, the incremental inflation, and probably higher advertising spend that we would normally see in that business.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. We didn't go that far in the remark and sort of back into what it might have been. What I would say is we talked about this a little bit on the last call as well. The opportunity here is really to optimize the new snacking division. So as we look at, even the work we're doing with the distribution center that's all pointed towards driving network efficiency. We're going to be working through supply chain efficiencies and of course, eventually back office efficiencies as well. And so we continue to be excited about the opportunity to drop more margin out of that business as we gain scale and get some of those integration points together.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, so a couple things there. One, inside that makes us also the amortization, the incremental amortization that deals with. So not all of it is capacity related. That's going to be around for a while obviously. As we look at combining supply chains, those assets are pretty well utilized. They were a little bit less utilized in the first quarter than will be for the balance of the year. But we continue to see opportunities to continue to leverage those assets. They've got some world-class manufacturing assets. That's one of the reasons we are able to bring a Pirate Booty asset into that mix as early as we did. And we want – the plan is to see more of that sort of consolidated manufacturing. And so, we'd expect to see some mitigation of that mix impact as we continue to leverage those assets and drive more volume through that system.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. It’s really all of those Bryan. We’re certainly going to look at all our usual levers, driving productivity and efficiency from a manufacturing standpoint. And we will see more of that as we get more scale and more assets coming online. So that’ll be a factor. But we – pricing is always part of our strategy. We look at it all the time. We’re very sensitive to both the consumer and what’s happening from a cost – input cost standpoint. And we’ll continue to look at that as we think about our plan for next year.
Steve Voskuil: That’s right. What’s in the outlook right now is the pricing that we’ve already announced that flowing through the P&L for the year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. The business has done really well. All of our core markets had double digit top line growth, so that was a good starting point. And then we’re still seeing through the first quarter, the last bits of some of the restructuring that we did in China. So that’s giving a little bit of an incremental benefit to the first quarter that I would say is probably not going to be a year-over-year component going forward. But I would also commend the international team for looking at the whole P&L and managing their cost structure and executing a smart pricing strategy as well.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. At this stage – taking the last part first, we don’t foresee a challenge and availability for the balance of this year. Where we’ve probably seen the most pressure is in the cooking oil space. A lot of that source out of Eastern Europe but our business is resilient and we’ve got other sources and other solutions that working through to ensure that we be able to satisfy consumer needs, even if we face some more pressure next year on that commodity.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. We’re going to continue to build inventory. We’re going to see – you should see sequential improvement more for this year pulled this first half. But we want to continue to build inventory. And as Michele said earlier, and we’ve got a lot of capacity coming online, the first quarter was our highest production quarter ever. And as we get more capacity coming online, we expect to see that build and be able to catch up both on our own internal inventory and trade and retail inventory.
Steve Voskuil: Well, we’re going to make sure that we’re fully participating in seasons. Just as we talked about earlier with Halloween and make sure that we’re getting all of our products out of inventory and onto the shelves as quickly as we can so that we can continue to support the brand. And we’ll see more of that support pickup as we get to the back half of the year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I’d say it’s mostly that. As we look at our plan, we probably see the most pressure in quarter two, but then begins to improve because the last get a little bit easier. So if I had to pick a quarter, I’d probably say quarter two would be the worst.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the first part of that question, there’s no intentional conservatism between what we are seeing on the top line and what we’re seeing on the gross margin line. And so it should tie, but technically we should see about 7% gross profit growth mid – kind of mid high single digit range growth. And I think that math will work, but happy to take that on the side, if we want to go into more detail.
Steve Voskuil: Taking the last bit first. Yes, Easter will – the Easter sell through was high. We saw more every day takeaway. And that will put more pressure on retailer and trade inventory. So that will happen. As we look at the full year though, we still – I said, we’re not seeing a fundamental shift in what we had planned relative to being able to restock. As we said earlier, we got to benefit in the first quarter, we pushed more out. The elasticity has put for the full year a bit more volume through. And so that’s true. But also, we have – we expect to see additional production pick up as we go through the year to help compensate that to some degree. So I think net-net it’s not a big change in total. But to your point, the sell through on Easter is going to put a little bit more pressure on some trade inventory.
