Michele Buck: Sure. Andrew, let me start with a little bit of an overview and then I will let Steve dive into a few more of the specifics. So, overall, we believe we can deliver an on algorithm year next year. We believe our sales will be slightly ahead of algorithm. Pricing will be about comparable to 2021. We anticipate that our gross margins will be stable. We will have a step up in investment as we reinvest, reinstate some of the DME spend. Now that we have more capacity available to really be able to be able to take advantage of that and also to invest in capabilities to secure profitable, sustainable future. And we think all of that will net down to strong earnings performance that will likely be at the high end of our algorithm. So that's a little bit of an overview, but Steve, I'll let you kind of go a little bit deeper.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So we are seeing some of those changes in how they are spending. Fortunately, we are seeing them continue to spend, but there is some reprioritization. So specifically value channels and value packs are selling well. We are also seeing some improvements in private label performance and really we're seeing this across the board slightly more noticeable with lower income consumers, but really across all different income levels. Within our categories the trends have really remained very strong as the consumer continues to prioritize snacking and particularly sweet treats. And obviously we have minimal private label presence. So we continue to see that our products remain an affordable treat for families and for consumers. And we know that part of that is they want to reward themselves when times are tough. They also use these products to relieve stress. And we think that those trends will continue. I think on a class to trade basis just to augment relative to the channel piece we have seen particular strength in mass, in club, and in dollar. So certainly in channels that represent strong value.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So on Dot's, a big piece of our gains has been continuing to grow distribution. As we purchased the business, there was significant opportunity, particularly on the east coast and with certain customers we were somewhat underdeveloped with Walmart. So Walmart was a big gainer on distribution. Obviously that's a huge customer. At the same time, we're also focused on optimizing the consumer model and all of the spend to maximize impact and starting to drive incremental investment and brand building which is our model across our entire portfolio, which we think will give us further upside beyond the distribution going forward. The other thing I want to just clarify on the capacity piece is while we have significant effort in 2023 and 2024, there will be continued – if you look across our entire portfolio, continued capacity coming online into the future years beyond that as well. If you look at confections, snacks, et cetera, across the board.
Michele Buck: Yes. So our promotions are pretty much in line with historical. When we do promotion in this category, it's always our first objective to get display because these can drive – this category can drive a lot of impulse. So a focus on feature and display, display where possible and as usual we always put a big focus on our core brands. So we may use news to create some excitement on a display, but we know that our core brands are the strongest mover and that's really where the bulk of the focus will be. So it's a bit where we are on promotion. If we think about next year we think we'll be at about the same level as we've been. There might be some shifts across the quarters, but pretty much in line.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So as we approach innovation we've really evolved our strategy over time to continue to provide product news, but also really to look at packaging as a big unlock because packaging enables us to provide consumers with our core brands, which they love but in a different packaging format that tends to open up a new occasion and that can be very powerful and very sustainable and that's really what the pantry pack did. As consumers are spending more time at home it's almost the ability to have their own single-serve dispenser in their pantry or in their refrigerator if they so desire. So we're really pleased with how it's doing to date. We still have some distribution upside opportunity to further capture but it's done what we were hoping to and we'll continue to focus on packaging for new occasions. Relative to non measured and alternate channels, yes, this has always been a focus for us. I would say its capacity got tight, we pulled back a little bit, de-prioritized a little bit during COVID but we are really leaning back in now and the team is aggressively focused on really trying to get our products everywhere that they possibly can.
Michele Buck: So we've been pretty happy with the strong trends that we have seen on retail takeaway. And certainly throughout the year we've been trying to balance the seasonal sell through with everyday business and really look at the two somewhat holistically. I think we've been held back a little bit as you mentioned through capacity. We're excited that next year we open up a bit more capacity, which then allows us to reinstate some of the spending that we had pulled back on, which we think will also provide some momentum for us going forward.
Michele Buck: I mean, certainly I would say job one for us is the integration and continued growth and acceleration of the entire salty portfolio. So we do really have scale there now and a lot of opportunity ahead of us. Great top line momentum and then opportunity to leverage that scale to improve the margin structure; so that's clearly job one. That said we are always looking and evaluating the marketplace and given the health of our balance sheet, we certainly would consider something that made sense for us that we believe we could execute well.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we remain very focused on the consumer and certainly we are aware of the pressures that are on them. What I would say is overall it has not impacted our total performance and overall product performance to a large degree. Yes, there are some shifts in terms of seeing more consumers buying value packs, purchasing in value channels, and then certainly in other categories where private label has really dialed up. But I would say overall we need to continue to be always focused on the consumer and when they could hit a breaking point, but to date as we look at our elasticity we really aren't seeing signs of that impacting our business. That said, we're going to be very focused on it going forward because we don't want to – we don't want to miss a trend. I would say historically our category has tended to fare pretty well during these times because it is an affordable indulgence when consumers can't afford a lot of other things.
Michele Buck: Yes. We're not going to get into a lot of the specifics around specific brand capacity just for overall competitive reasons. But yes, we were constrained on both and this capacity did allow us to unlock whether it was broader distribution, reinstating of promotions, upping our marketing spend selectively et cetera.
Michele Buck: I would say that overall for convenience stores in total not specific to our business, some of the trends have moderated particularly with regard to unit purchase, though I'd say snacking and confection products continued outpace the overall store and they are growing double digits. So certainly we had seen a pretty significant decline when consumers were not mobile and now that consumers are much more mobile than they were previously, we've seen that business really come back.
Michele Buck: No, not really. I mean, overall we sell single-serve in other units or in other channels as well. So no.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Just on the discrete items, kind of to answer your question at a summary first, we don't see any derailers in terms of those discrete areas, we will have more pension expense. Our estimate today would probably be $5 million more year-over-year for next year. On the pension side this year we've picked up about $10 million of incremental pension expense. Next year I would, again, markets can change, but today I would probably estimate that is probably twice that number for next year. But neither of those are material enough to shift the needle.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I mean, I think, that's the right way to think about it. As Michele said at the top, I think, we've got a lot of positives in the story for next year as some of the things you mentioned rolled through. And I'm sure we'll have challenges, but we don't see anything yet that is a derailing sort of a factor.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, very good. Nothing to add there. On the seasonality, I don't think there is a big story. We've got a big year to laugh, full stop first and second half, and so I don't think – we're not thinking about a big nuance right now, first half versus second half. I don’t know if that's helpful.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, as you said, it's high. It's not as high as this year. And to that extent I like to be in a position when we give more guidance for next year to say we're sort of stabilizing gross margins overall. But nonetheless, still expecting high-single-digit inflation. And where is it coming from? On the commodity side, we still have some commodity pressure in some commodities where we don't have complete hedging coverage, packaging costs, logistics, still seeing inflation in people costs, some energy costs. I would also say technology is probably another one that's starting to be a bigger component. And so across that basket, we're still seeing high-single-digit inflation. I would hope by the time we get to the back half of next year, you're again, starting to see more moderation as we start to lap more of those inflationary costs, but still expecting a pretty significant list next year. Our visibility is pretty good. With our hedging and longer term contracts, I think, we do have pretty good perspective on that number today.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the inventory timing for Q3 the two big factors that we talked about were one, some inventory build as we mentioned, we didn't expect as much inventory build as we saw in Q3. Again, what we did see wasn't as big as we saw earlier in the year but it was a factor of bottom point. And then we also saw some seasonal pull forward, and this continues a little bit of a trend of retailers pulling seasons in earlier and earlier and saw – we saw about a two-point benefit in the third quarter from that. As we look to the fourth quarter we also expect we'll see some seasonal pull forward with Valentine's and Easter, so that will have some impact potentially on Q4. But the – probably the biggest factor in the Q4 guided really just the assumptions around elasticity and again, being a little bit prudent as we think about what's happening with the consumer and not being quite as aggressive as maybe more recent elasticity we've seen.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. On the season side, it's not a net benefit because we've pulled some of the Q4 into Q3 season, so we got a little bit of a deficit that will be potentially partly made up by pull forward at 2023 seasons, that's probably the biggest piece; in terms of calendar-days it really not a big factor for shipping days.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. So there's a lot in there. I think obviously pricing on confectionary is great in the plan. We'll see – we'll see the full effect of that in the fourth quarter and it'll be a big factor in the 2023 outlook. On salty we have taken price, it probably hasn't come to the market quite as fast and as Michelle said, as we look at strengthening that business and the gross margins and at the same time continuing the rapid growth on the top line pricing is a lever like it is for all our businesses that we'll continue to look at. And what I'm pleased with is we look at the progression of the salty margins even this year. We started out the first quarter order of magnitude, I think 1,200 basis points down year-over-year, that's improved sequentially and we'd expect that to approve again in the fourth quarter. So as we get to the – as we get to next year continuing to drive margin improvement in that business through all levers available is going to be a high priority.
Steve Voskuil: Q3 is roughly flat overall and I would say it was in line with expectations. Like I said, we probably put a little more inventory than we expected, but where we landed on base volume was more or less in line with what we expected.
